===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-17 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. If at any time your question has been addressed, And your first question today will come from Scott Stember with Roth MKM. Please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Good, guys. Nick, yeah, you were talking about, obviously, it sounds like the shops are still relatively strong, but the confidence for the technicians is falling even further than before. So what's the game plan here? Do we see opportunities to further pivot to lower-priced items? Or is there something else that needs to be done?
Nick Pinchuk: No. I think there's a couple of factors there. One is the pivot worked in the first quarter. It's just I don't think we've seen a place where the hits just kept coming so much. I mean, when the administration itself says, there will be pain, this is kind of unprecedented. And you can see it in the consumer in the consumer sentiment. If you look at those numbers, you see the drop from December is precipitous. And so we didn't know about that when we were talking to people. You know, we talked to franchisees all over the country and come in and we heard that in the shops. And really, what it is is our pivots worked. I talked to some of them that did pretty well. Some of those sets I talked about sold well. Some of the products in, you know, like the cart sold well. What we learned in the period, I think, that's a little bit different is we were pivoting to what you would call standard short quicker payback items. But what we found if we tailored things at the bottom end, of the bigger ticket items, like carts, that simulate a box. Like the Solus, which is at the bottom of the diagnostics, we could make hay with those as well. Now you can't say you made great hay when you're down six point eight percent organically. You know, but that's really what we saw in that situation. So we're gonna keep pivoting because we saw it continue traction. It just got overrun. This was an unusual period. I think anybody says is an unusual period. Isn't reasonable Wall Street Journal and seeing tariffs in two two hundred fifty-four times. And so the thing is, that's what we saw. So we think the pivot, we learned some things on how to make the pivot better. So we're gonna continue to do that. And we'll learn from those things as we adjust. We're pretty confident that this works. You know? And if you don't believe it's America, look at the outside the United States. Outside the United States, less affected by all this turbulence in recent days, all that stuff all those businesses went okay.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then if you're looking at RSNI and C and I, RSNI, in particular, if you were to back out the intercompany declines, which I assume had a pretty big impact there, what would the organic sales rates in RSNI have been?
Nick Pinchuk: It's about it's about it's a little bit better. I think it's you know, the organic rate was about three point seven percent. If you backed out the intercompanies, you're probably in the four range. Something like that. Maybe a little bit better in that situation. RSNI, the big thing about RSNI is it's software-packed these days. Software was up more than the increase in that. And the cool thing about it, Scott, is if you look at the RSNI division, almost all of them are up nicely profitability. So they're hitting on all cylinders. They really did have a strong quarter. And if you look back, it's been strong quarter after strong quarter after strong quarter. Now I realize some people may have thought have been done better. They might have sold more. You could have argued that maybe a percentage point more. You could have thought that. But twenty-five point seven percent, up a hundred and forty basis points. A pretty good quarter. And it's driven on the strength of their product and the increasing ability to affect the database. AI is part of that. Part of the reason why the databases are getting better and more effective is we can now translate what the what the we when you use natural language processing, that'll translate what the technicians say about the repairs much more efficaciously in into a database without as without as much time. So we're able to move forward in building that database much more effectively. And that's helped us in this situation. But you can see you can see there that even in even in diagnostics, we're making them pretty well positioned against the tariffs.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then the last question before I go back in the queue. It sounds like the military had a pretty profound impact on critical industries. Was that having anything to do with these DOGE movements, or is there something you know, that we should expect to see in the quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: No. I don't know if it had anything to do with the Doge. I think it more had to do with people trying to know, you got budget cycles in there. But I will tell you, Scott, we saw it in the Biden administration. Anytime the administration changes, the new sheriff, it's town, and he won't be pushed around, you know. And so the thing is, they changed the they they start talking about the procurement processes and so on. Slows everything down. And then after a while, the warfighters kinda say, you know, the fifty caliber bullets when they go overhead, I'd like to have better tools, you know. I don't wanna have I don't wanna have somebody else's tools or some some tools that are missing and everybody caves and it goes back to normal. So I think that's really what you're seeing mostly in a situation. I don't think it was associated with DOGE except for maybe, Scott, the psychology of the Doge sword waving overhead of all government employees. But I don't know how to evaluate that. It was it was significant, you know, without let's put it this way. Without the military downturn, C and I would have been up.
Scott Stember: Gotcha. Alright. That's all I had. Was enough. Everything else was good, you know.
Nick Pinchuk: Awesome. Thank you so much. Sure.
Operator: And your next question today will come from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Good morning, everybody.
Nick Pinchuk: Morning, David.
David MacGregor: Good morning, Nick. I wanna start off with just asking truck level sales comps. What do you think those look like this quarter in the US?
Nick Pinchuk: Say that again. You said truck. You mean the vans? Yeah. I mean, the vans sales comps. Yeah. Sales comps off the van. They're about the same as, you know, we saw it to the band. You know, about that same level. It was pretty much matched up you know, in this quarter. It isn't always matched up in a quarter, but this particular quarter, was kinda dead on, you know. Pretty much the same. So they we sold to them about what they sold off the van. I don't know what you make of that because it always you know, it always rolls up and down as you know because you've followed us for years. You know, it kind of it usually varies from period to period. But this was one of those that matched up. But you didn't see any destocking at the truck level? No. We didn't we didn't see that. Now there could have been some. You know, but I don't think so. I think it's because the numbers match. Of course, it's an imperfect it's an imperfect situation. And I will tell you that the franchisees start to get daunted when they hear the technicians talk about these things. But the franchisees have a lot more, I would say, cushion to deal with what I said would be an off the wall things. Off the rails things. I I think really what happened is reflected in a customer sentiment. Maybe some of the franchisees got some of that thing. But there wasn't much destocking.
David MacGregor: And then you talked about negative mix in the tools segment. I've trying to reconcile that with the narrative Diagnostic. Big ticket.
Nick Pinchuk: Diagnostics. The low-end diagnostics sold. Remember I said that's why that's actually why I the soulless thing in there. One, we learned something about it that we could we could chip away at the bottom end of the big ticket items and have success. If we position them and program them correctly. And diagnostics driven by that low-end the Solus, you know, the speedy one and cheaper, was up in the quarter. And anytime diagnostics is up in a quarter, it's a it's a weight on Tools Group's margins because as you know, they share the margin with the RSNI group.
David MacGregor: Right. So what would a hand tools have looked like, Nick? Just to isolate that category. Hand tools hand tools were not up, but they were certainly not down the way tool storage was. Tool storage was a killer. And and if you look at the originations if you look at the originations in the quarter, you can see it. You know, coming out of last year, the originations were up five point eight percent. We're down five point eight percent but they're down almost double in this quarter, eleven point seven percent. And I think that's It all. You know?
David MacGregor: Okay. How do you respond promotionally to the weaker demand?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, you know, our margins our gross margins in the Tools Group were down some, but some of that has to do with the with the mix I just talked to you about, you know? And we cannot change prices that much. I mean, certainly, across the corporation, I would say the fifty point seven percent gross margin is ample evidence that, you know, up twenty basis points when your volume is down like this, is ample evidence that you aren't giving it away in pricing. So while we do get more active in promotions and we try to make we try to make it more attractive to the customer, we're not out there begging for volume. You know, I don't like that. And so we we don't do that.
Nick Pinchuk: And, Nick, can you talk about the regional kickoff?
David MacGregor: You talk about the regional kickoffs and just where orders up or down this year? And by how much?
Nick Pinchuk: The regional kickoffs were down this year, and I'm not gonna give you how much because it was it was the distorted, David. It's hard for us to evaluate because you know you know, not not so great is that several of them were affected by snow. And so what happened was somebody's region somebody's region I was at one. You know. Some of these regions I'm saying some of these regions are are pretty big, you know. And so snowstorms were bearing down till people left early. And so we didn't quite have the the full participation that we like to have in those situations. So it was hard hard for us to evaluate. It was one of the things that was difficult to evaluate. What was happening in the quarter in the beginning because we looked at those and a lot of them were subject to these kinds of one-off type weather situations. And so weren't sure what to make of that, but you know, when you talk to the techs themselves, you could hear the starting to break through, especially as we started to get later in January when you started here. After the inauguration, everybody loves the archives, love the administration, like I said, I think I said last quarter, it feels like they're on Space Mountain. They're afraid they're gonna go off the rails.
David MacGregor: Right. Last question for me is just on manufacturing capacity. And, you know, you've obviously done a lot there recently, but I'm also guessing that backlogs or direction Can you say by how much your backlogs are down and what product categories you may be seeing the greatest backlog depletion.
Nick Pinchuk: Total storage? Remember, we used to have remember about a what was it? A year a year and a half ago, we were up to our eyeballs until storage backlog. Well, it's kinda liquidated that one. We expanded our Albona facility and the demand has dropped off for the big ticket box. Now we shifted more capacity to lockers and carts and so on, which is I think one of the things we have confidence in going forward. So we think we're in a good shape. I mean, we don't have a lot of backlog everywhere. Now certain products are backlogged, swivel sockets, for example, have a little bit of backlog. You always have some kinds of things. But generally, expanded capacity has put us in the right position. That's why we think we're of reasons why we think we're advantaged for the tariffs. You know? We are available for American production.
David MacGregor: Got it. Thanks very much.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research. Please go ahead.
Gary Prestopino: Good morning, everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Morning, Gary. And if
Gary Prestopino: Nick, you mentioned in your opening comments about the fact that hours worked were down. Yeah. By technicians as well in the quarter. I mean, you know, vehicle repair is generally kinda mission-critical. So could we assume that that was less elective maintenance kind of services Or would you agree with that?
Nick Pinchuk: You know, Gary, I put that in because it's a fact. You know, hours down, hour hours worked, in the rolling twelve was up. Both single digits, but it was up. In the last couple of months, it was down. You know, I wanna say three point three percent or something like that. I'm not sure what that means over a couple of months, you know. It does mean, I suppose, that some of the garages aren't relatively white-hot you know, in the last couple of months. But wintertime, that could mean a lot of things. So in normal times, you know, lately, those things and lately, all the metrics in vehicle repair have been monotonically improving, improving, improving, improving, improving. And I suppose we're kinda sensitized to the idea for a couple of months if there was a drop-off and it got my attention and some other people's attention. But I'm not sure what to make of it as a long-term trend. We would believe if hours are down, it probably is elective elective things because you gotta have your car. You know, so you would think that would be the case. And maybe some people are worried about hooking you off the rails scenario. I think one of the things you do see is you see consumer sentiment is down. You see our numbers down. But you see other people say, well, consumer consumer activity is strong. But I think they're dealing with a different FICO ZIP code. FICO ZIP code, you know, better better better, you know, credits dot dot the more the better-healed people than maybe the mechanics in the garage, So And I think that's part of what we see. Our ourselves, Aldo, I think said, in his presentation that our own yield dropped from seventeen point seven percent to seventeen point six percent, and that really is the people who are who are originating loans for us are better credit risk than they were before. And so it just means that the people at the bottom end are too reticent. They're too afflicted by the uncertainty. So maybe you see some of that in the garages too. I don't know. I because I I think people gotta repair the cars. You know? Sooner or later, you gotta go in.
Gary Prestopino: Right. Alright. Thank you. And then just just lastly, could you maybe comment on you made a lot of reference to the fact that you know, this whole issue with tariffs coming up could have impacted technician confidence. As you went as you went through your quarter, did things really accelerate on the downside starting in March? You know, one could take away from what you were saying that a lot of the impact in the Tools Group, in particular, was due to the uncertainty regarding tariffs, and that kind of cropped up in March. So you can maybe give us a go ahead.
Nick Pinchuk: I would say I would say, Gary, for the guys I talked to, it wasn't only tariffs. You know, you come out and you're saying, okay, we're gonna we're gonna reduce the government, but then they start you know I have no political there's no political commentary, but they are laying off people. It seems like willy-nilly, you know. In other words, no one knows what And so I think the people who work, even though they truly believe in the in the trajectory and the and the goals of the current administration, they're saying, I don't know how they can change all the government this much and not come out with some screw-ups. And then you start hearing stuff like Greenland and Panama and Gaza. You hear that stuff. And so even before they started talking about the tariffs, people are saying, jeez, I don't know. And what's really happening here? I'm worried that the world's gonna come off the rails, and the tariffs came over the top. So that's a long way of saying. I don't think things changed so much I wouldn't say it got worse. I think it just, in general, this was a continual statement that people said, I don't know Our people, after all, aren't really affected by the tariffs. But they're kind of saying the broad view. I don't know if some administration can do this many things. You know, coming up with new ideas every day, and not strike out a few times that might screw us up badly. That's the general view. Now tariffs tariffs is a different thing. It more affects the companies. When I say the fog in tariffs, I'm talking about at know, at Snap-on level or the the company level. As dominating everybody. Everybody wants by the way, everybody wants to talk about tariffs. Anybody who wants to talk about tariffs. And so it is a fog that does affect technician and it affects a lot of different things. We just say, in that fog, as we look forward, we think we're advantaged.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you.
Sherif El-Sabbahy: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Sherif El-Sabbahy with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Sherif El-Sabbahy: Hi. Good morning.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Sherif.
Sherif El-Sabbahy: Just, within the Tools Group, are you able to give us a sense of how the demand drop looked throughout the quarter, maybe a bit of cadence there's anything It wasn't it wasn't up to date.
Nick Pinchuk: No. You know, Sherif, it's it's hard to say. You know, usually, usually, things are different from week to week. This quarter was more uniform. You know, it wasn't it wasn't just like I tried to explain to Gary a minute ago, you know, the it started out, we thought and there was, really bad weather. So sometimes you can say, oh, okay. It's bad weather. And that happens often at the beginning of the year. Because volumes are always light. And so you're like that that legend, the princess, and the p. Any little change will affect you. And but it kept being weak. And, you know, when you talk to people, once the administration got in place, they started listing and they're saying, geez, our guys getting a little over active, let's say. And then that's when they started to worry about the world. It's interesting when you talk to the people at work, you know, the technicians and the guys in the factory. They're pretty savvy on this stuff. I think it's because they don't have that much vision. And so they're very sensitive to this. We found this all through, you know, a lot of different situations. And in some ways, there's a canary in the coal mine because that's what I've been talking about uncertainty for some time.
Sherif El-Sabbahy: Understood. And, you know, we've talked about this dynamic of a shift quicker payback items for quite a while. Have you seen any shift in the quarter just with regards to the volume? Is that purely just a harder shift towards this trend, or are you seeing lower demand for even some of the quicker payback items as well?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, yeah. We did see some, but we you know, look, I'm just telling you what I think happened from a lot of interviews. You know, windshield surveys and fortified by the metrics of the customers' consumer sentiment numbers. But if you look at it, we had our I I the things I put up on the in the event, like, you know, in the in the in the script and the in the discussions, you know, like soulless big hit. Synergy, paired with the flank drop pockets, low pro big hit. You know, the idea so those are low payback items that are big hit. The sturdy tool storage cart, I'm presently holding two hundred and forty-foot pounds, big hit. So you had hits in the lower payback items. We had almost no hits in the big payback items. So you could see the progress. I just think like I said, my assessment, and I think this is played out as some both quantitative and qualitative info support from interviews and and from the consumer sentiment numbers. Is that the effects of the last quarter on the general populace with popped off by the tariffs were so pervasive that they outran our progress in those things. So I think we made progress in our performance; it's just everything else kind of the level of everything else kinda dropped. But the stuff we focused on seemed to work. It's just the things you can't focus on everything.
Sherif El-Sabbahy: Understood. Thank you for the call.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Luke Junk with Baird. Good morning. Thanks for taking questions. Nick, wanted to start in terms of how you can play offense in this environment and maybe just stay finer point, thinking mostly about the tools group in terms of marketing, kind of the balance of engaging franchisees versus engaging with technicians directly, and in terms of investments, and the steady pace of investment, just where we might see you look incrementally in terms of allocating dollars this year?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think I said it. I think we're kinda encouraged by the idea that we can chip away at the lower end of what you might call our traditional big-ticket items. You know, after you run the programs after a while, you know, on, and so like hand tools and power tools and the other stuff, you know, you kind of gotta recycle some. And so now we found a new and pretty successful area at the lower end of that. You know, like Solus. Which is way cheaper than, say, a Zeus. You know, or a cart, which is way cheaper. I mean, it may be a factor of four cheaper than a big epic unit. And so you feel as though that's the kind of thing you can focus on. So we're kind of encouraged in that position. And then of course, you double down, you try to make sure that more of your new product introductions, are in the area where you can have effect. You don't want to spend a lot of time worrying about, so you shift resources from the top of the line diagnostics from the from things like from things without some of those are already in pipeline sometimes or or things like epic tool storage boxes or anything that's very expensive. And you try to hit that sweet spot, and put most of your development and promotion sources in those areas. So we continue to do that. And particularly when we see this because what happened in the quarter was the program seemed to work, the other stuff did. So the general level draft because of uncertainty. So we think we can hit It's just a matter. That's why I say that stuff overran us. You know, you can think about this, that program's successful the other products sort of the underlying base dropped in this quarter beyond where it had been before. And so what we'll try to do going forward is focus on those in terms of product.
Nick Pinchuk: Then in terms of we've got some ideas around getting to the customers You know, we're constantly evolving the idea of social media and putting out a little shorter videos kind of a version of TikTok going on, you know, Snap on a network. We're trying to do that. That tends to work for us, but we might have done that anyway. I'm not sure, Luke. You know? But, I mean, that's where we'd allocate some resources.
Luke Junk: Got it. You know, we've talked a lot about the technician side in terms of sentiment and just how they're reacting to the environment. What about franchisees and the folks that you're spending time on? I guess, I'm thinking especially of things like cushion and how they might be thinking about working capital in their businesses, be it inventory, their payables, extended credit, those sorts of things?
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. I you know, look, I think I think well, it's down. But it's not bad compared to pre-pandemic levels. You know? So and they're the same franchisees. So I don't think we quite have you know, even though know, this is not something we are cheering about or something like that, it's hardly threatening. It's not it's not enterprise-threatening for Snap-on. You can look at the cash flows. I mean, the cash flow is down, but we aren't ringing our hands over trying to figure out where to get cash. We're not going to step back from anything. And most franchisees are in that situation. Now there are some in which the idea is, like always, down at the bottom end, they may be threatened in this We try to work with them to make sure they can survive the situation. That's another place where we'd spend time. To try to make sure that the terminations, you know, the exiting in a franchisee stay right in the same place. And more or less for government work, it has stayed in the right play in the same place. It's just in this environment, it's a little harder to get people to move because everyone, you know, who might be a franchisee is in fact, somewhat confidence-impaired in this situation.
Luke Junk: Got it. Thanks, Nick. Appreciate the comments.
Operator: And your final question today will come from Patrick Buckley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Patrick Buckley: Hey, good morning, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Morning.
Patrick Buckley: Could you talk a little bit more about recent dealer sentiment? I guess, Liberation Day and all the auto tariffs were more of a q two events. So anything notable to call out there to start the quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: What do you mean by dealers? You mean automotive dealers?
Patrick Buckley: Yeah. And just demand for tire spend.
Nick Pinchuk: Like Chevy dealers?
Patrick Buckley: No. The auto dealers.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Like, yeah, like a Chevrolet dealer or a BMW dealer?
Patrick Buckley: Exactly.
Nick Pinchuk: Look. I don't think we saw any particular move in that situation. Here's the thing. You know, in our org, it doesn't really for sure make any difference what happens with new cars. Not for sure. In fact, the dealerships make you're probably very familiar with this because I think you look at They make a lot of money on repair and spare parts. And used cars. They don't make so much money on new cars. So if the new cars if you have pair of problems in the new cars at the auto company, spitting up blood all over the ID, they got tariffs. Going back and forth. The Canada, it doesn't make that much difference I think, for the dealerships. Now the dealerships moan about not having new cars. But I do remember during the pandemic when they didn't have new cars, their margin were at an all-time high, I think. So I don't think being in the back shop, it doesn't affect us so much. And so when I talk to dealerships, they will moan about the worry that boy, if they can't get cars they are gonna lose some and if asymmetrically they have fewer cars and say their competition in the area they may lose the customer bases that they've worked so hard to build up. There's that kind of thing. But I don't think for the near term, that makes much difference for our business. With them. I don't think they pull back. They might. Some of them do, but some of them actually think in those environments that they wanna invest and repair more because, you know, they're not gonna get new cars, so they gotta they gotta get the cash flow out of repair. So sometimes they wanna do that in situation. So it's it's unknowable in that situation. I suppose the one caveat to that is, Patrick, is that to the extent we are commissioned by programs with the OEMs, that could be affected by turbulence. With new cars. And all this noise with the tariffs. We haven't seen it so far though.
Patrick Buckley: Got it. And then I guess, you know, looking at the Tools Group, it seems like international sentiment was a bit higher than the US. Could you talk about maybe some of the drivers there and and the outlook for the international segment there?
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. The international segment isn't worried about any of this stuff. They're not worried that Donald Trump's talking about Greenland and Gaza and, you know, the Panama Canal. They're not worried that, you know, they're they're they're really worried about at the grassroots level at the grassroots level. I don't think they're worried about you know, the idea that, you know, they're gonna tariff China a hundred and seventy percent or whatever. They're gonna or two hundred forty-five percent. I'm not sure what the number is these days. But I don't think they're so worried about that. You know. And and you know, it's kind of proportional to where they sit. So Canada is probably more worried. Because of tit for tat with with Trudeau and so on. Think, impacted them some. But if you look at Australia, the UK, they're kinda off-shore, you know. And so that I don't think we see much of an effect in those places. And I think that's simply because the whole cash-rich confidence-poor phenomena has always been from the beginning when we started to see it, a US phenomenon.
Patrick Buckley: Great. That's all from us.
Operator: Okay. This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Sara Verbsky.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated Q4 Full Year 2024 Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today as we review Snap-on's fourth quarter and full year results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise discuss management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. I'll start with the highlights of our fourth quarter. I'll give you my perspective on the results, on the market environment and on our progress. It was considerable. After that, and as usual, Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. These are interesting times, filled with uncertainty. But Snap-on is built to prevail even in turbulence. And this isn't our first rodeo, it's our job to confront and to overcome and to proceed with confidence, confidence in the resilience of our market, confidence in the strength of our strategic and tactical advantages and confidence in the insight and energy of our consistent and capable people. And all of that echoed in the numbers. So here they are. Overall sales in the quarter were $1,198.7 million, up 0.2% both as reported and organically, returned to positive territory. Profitability was strong with gross margin of 49.7%, a gain of 140 basis points. And the OpCo OI margin was 22.1%, an increase of 50 basis points over 2023 and an all-time high for the fourth quarter. Financial services earnings of $66.7 million in the quarter were lower by $1.2 million, leading to a consolidated margin, including both OpCo and financial services at 25.5%, an improvement of 30 basis points. Our EPS for the quarter was $4.82, up $0.07 from the $4.75 recorded last year. The results show broad gains overcoming the uncertainty, another period of sequential progress, brought by record performances by both the commercial and industrial, C&I, by the commercial industrial C&I group and by Repair System Information, or the RS&I group, combined with the Tools Group successfully pivoting to match tech preferences and continuing to narrow the gap versus last year. It was an encouraging demonstration of advantage, our resilience and of capability. But first, let's speak about the markets. We believe the vehicle repair market is robust, a continuing stream of new tools and data to confront the rising complexity of the modern vehicle. The repair shops today, dealerships or independents must deal with an expanding array of challenges, multiple powertrains, EVs, plug-in hybrids, super hybrids, advanced combustion, sophisticated digital system and a wide range of autonomous operations, devices like adaptive cruise control, lane departure warning, collision avoidance sensors, self-parking features, it goes on and on and on, and the list is getting longer. And technicians have to fix it all, addressing a dizzying array of procedures. It's daunting, but this is where Snap-on shines, scanning, diagnosing, guiding and fixing, enabling the techs – making – enabling the techs, making the difficult tasks easier and when combined with an aging car park that now averages 12.6 years and includes a multitude of technology generations, all needing to be fixed, driving even more complexity and requiring even more tools and more data. It represents even more opportunity. We love it. Vehicle repair has several slices. So let's start by focusing on the shops, the dealerships and the independent shops, adjusting to the complexity often requiring things like new lifting equipment to handle the increased weight of EVs, tire changes that accommodate larger wheel sizes, software suites for managing the shops, for organizing parts data into streamlined catalogue, for scheduling repairs and customer interfaces and for guiding the techs to the most sophisticated or complicated of repairs. This is where RS&I operates. It’s a target-rich environment for our array of undercar and collision equipment, and it’s a growing market for our software and data products. And Snap-on is well positioned with our innovative hardware, but especially with our proprietary comprehensive database, billions of insightful records, advantages that we believe – there are advantages that we believe make Snap-on the data king in vehicle repair, a position that, I think, you’ll see was reinforced again by a quarter by our rising gains in that arena. Now let’s shift to the techs. The individuals working in a base, under the hood, twirling the wrenches, hitting the touchscreen, applying their skill and actually making the repair. Again, this quarter, I had the opportunity to meet with a number of franchisees and their customers. And they all expressed their enthusiasm for the strength of vehicle repair and external data confirms that view, miles driven up, the car park age, hospital spending on auto – household spending on auto repair is higher, hours worked increasing and best of all, tech wages rising. I was recently in a garage and the service manager emphatically proclaimed to me that the work just keeps rolling in. We need more techs makes sense, expanding complexity means more time spent on each repair and more trained professionals needed to meet the demand and keep the shops prospering. So, it’s clear the techs are in a good position. But that doesn’t make them immune to the macro uncertainty around them, ongoing wars, immigration disputes, lingering inflation. And although the election’s in the rear mirror and the new team may be more focused on business expansion, there’s a rapid fire of new initiatives, tariff bonds, on and off again actions, impending shakeups and foreign ventures of many varieties up to now, it’s hard not to be uncertain about what’s up. So, the franchisees, they echo that uncertainty. And in the turbulence, the technicians continue to prefer quick payback items. Ones that make work easier and cut labor times right away, items like hand tools and mirage diagnostics, that can be paid off in shorter cycles. And they remain cool on big ticket, longer payback items like tool storage. So, the Tools Group is continuing its pivot, focusing its engineering, it’s manufacturing and it’s selling to match the shift in those customer preferences. So, despite some challenges in automotive – so despite some challenges, automotive repair does remain strong, and we believe we’re pivoting successfully to take greater advantage. Now let’s talk about critical industries, where C&I take Snap-on out of the garage, solving consequent that require precision durability, reliability and repeatability, all performed in some of the most demanding and cruelling environment, from clean rooms, to mine pits, to assembly lines, to building spacecraft, and this market, I can tell you, it’s very promising. Our activity in critical industries continued rising across multiple sectors aviation, natural resources and general industry were all up nicely. The arena also represents our most significant international presence and those markets were mixed. In Europe, UK and Southern Europe up; Germany, down; in Asia-Pacific, China weaker, but gains in Japan and South Asia, despite – in Southeast Asia, despite unfavorable currency. And gains in South Korea as well. I’ll add that to that situation, despite unfavorable currency. So C&I does have its challenges across the geographies and the segments, but we have made significant advantages – advancements and do see substantial opportunities for tomorrow, leveraging our advantages in product, in our brand, in our people. And you know I think when you see the results, you realize, it’s working. So, both the auto repair and critical industries market remain positive, and we’re ready and well-positioned to advance on those, I don’t know, very wide runways. At the same time, it’s clear, it’s clear to us, and I hope it’s clear to you that we have more potential longer runways for improvement. And as we proceed, we’re fortified by our Snap-on value creation process, safety, quality, customer protection, innovation, and rapid continuous improvement or RCI, they’ve never been more important, helping overcome the turbulence and authoring our resilience. Especially important is customer connection and innovation. That’s our unique advantage standing next to working men and women observing each task, matching the insights gained with technology master developing new and innovative products that makes work easier. And it’s a considerable strength, and our team is committed to continue to wheel it with determination. Now let’s talk about the operating groups. Let’s start with C&I. Fourth quarter sales of $379.2 million was an all-time high, represented an increase of $15.3 million versus last year and included $2.1 million in acquisition-related sales, $1 million in unfavorable foreign currency and our organic rise of 3.9%, driven by gains with customers in critical industries. Strong sales of our customized kits led the way, meeting the rising demand for solutions that matched specific tasks. Our specialty torque division was also a clear positive. Precision is becoming more essential every day and our broad torque offering put C&I right on target, and you can see it clearly in the numbers. OI for C&I was $63.5 million in the quarter, up $9.4 million or 17.4% from 2023. And the Group gross margin, it was up 180 basis points, and the operating margin was 16.7%. That was also up 180 basis points. C&I just keeps getting better. It's a great indication of our ability to roll out of the garage. The specialty torque business of C&I is really making strides. Torque is hot now. And Snap-on is at the party with a growing array of new products like our heavy-duty cordless torque multiplier, we call it the CTM 800 delivering torque from 160-foot pounds all the way up to 800-foot pounds, just what's needed to meet the broad challenge across mining, in oil and gas and rail and heavy duty. It's a tool that – it was a tool that was made possible by our expansion in torque. Combining the efficiencies of a Norbar gear design with the compact operation of a Snap-on power tool, authoring the wide range, making the delivery of high torque levels easy and safe, so enabling easy access to tight spots. The new units also equipped with a specially designed transducer control for applying just the precise force, a breakthrough. And it benefits from our advanced power tool cooling system that makes it much more durable. The CTM 800 torque packs a lot into one compact tool, improvement in versatility, safety, access, durability and precision. It has it all and where the tasks are critical. It's already a big hit. C&I, sales up, customized kits and precision torque, rising to new levels, all with record profitability, a high point profitability, with much more room to grow and improve. Now on to the Tools Group. Quarterly sales of $506.6 million, down but representing progress and narrowing the gap versus 2023. The progress is evident, but uncertainty still lingers. And OI for the Tools Group was $106.9 million, $4.1 million below 2023 with an operating margin of 21.1%. But despite the turbulence, we remain steadfast in supporting our van network, keeping it strong, spending on it. And that profitability was regionally acknowledged by multiple publications. The Franchise Business Review recognized us and its latest ranking for franchisee satisfaction, listing Snap-on as a top 50 franchise for the 18th consecutive year. We were named number 1 among all franchisees in Entrepreneur Magazine's 2024 list of top franchises for veterans. And Snap-on was ranked by the UK Elite Franchise Magazine as the number 1 franchise in that country, a distinction we've held for three consecutive years. Now these types of rankings confirm the fundamental strengths of our franchisees individually and of our van business in general. And I can tell you that this would not have been achieved without a continuous stream of new products developed through our strong customer connections, insight and experience transformed an innovation for a significant advantage in the rapidly changing world that's vehicle repair. One of the latest of those additions is our Milwaukee-manufactured special hex driver, specifically designed for modern vehicles equipped with advanced driver assist systems like adaptive cruise control in the base standing side-by-side with the techs making the actual repairs, we saw the difficulty in aligning the radar sensors that enable that autonomous control, enable the adaptive cruise control. And the work was difficult. Techs are removing the bumpers in the grills, dismantling the front end of the car just to reach the workplace, a very time-consuming and non-value-added exercise that risks damage to nearby – that also risks damage to nearby parts and components, all just to clear the pathway for the eventual repair. And that observation drove the design of our new [ NDDM 35, a 3.5-millimeter hex driver featuring an extra long 5.75 inch shaft, an enhanced reach that bypasses the obstructions with ease, allowing the necessary adjustments without dismantling anything. And that newly launched tool also includes our Snap-on instinct ergonomic handle design, providing superior control, making it easier to execute the work with the precision required for the very sensitive radar brackets. Our new NDDM 35 makes repairs faster, easier and more profitable and the techs have noticed it. Also in the quarter, we launched a new lineup of hand tools based on another customer connection. We're seeing the difficulty of applying leverage to the opening of a standard combination wrench, the box end of the tool was great for engaging a fastener in a crowded engine bay, just slide it right in there. But when extreme force was needed and a grip at the opposite far end was necessary, the task was extremely uncomfortable because the open end of the wrench digs into your hand. To solve the problem, our engineers designed our new XDSGM, a series that combines a box in, low profile ahead with a soft grip ratchet handle, providing the access technicians need but enabling the maximum force to be applied comfortably with the ergonomically and contoured cushion grip handle, breaking bolts free without wincing in pain or slipping off under load. The new XDSGM, I talk about it here because it's a prime example of a fast payback item, a simple but powerful innovation that makes work safer, faster and easier and the techs have loved it, making the wrench one of our million dollar hit products just since it launched a few months ago. Well, that’s the Tools Group. Customer connection, producing innovative products, operations continuing to pivot meeting the customers’ perseverance for fast payback items and making progress and narrowing on the gap, all while keeping the network strong in the turbulence. Now for RS&I. Volume in the fourth quarter was $456.6 million, up organically, 1.6%. Gains with both OEM dealerships and with independent shop owners for diagnostic platforms and repair information products, partially offset by lower activity in undercar equipment. RS&I operating earnings in the quarter were up of $121.4 million represented an increase of $8.1 million or 7.1%. Gross margins were up 200 basis points, and the operating margin, the operating margin was a strong 26.6%, up 150 basis points from last year from the prior year, the highest ever, a record – and the record reflects a rise in software, but it’s also evidence of – the rising software is a great thing, but it’s also evidence of strong and broad RCI with the great majority of RSI businesses, software and hardware, increasing margins by well over 100 basis points, Boom Shakalaka. We really love that kind of thing because it makes our profitability soar. And our Mitchell 1 specialty speaking of profitability, our Mitchell 1 specialty software division provides software to independent shops, continued incandescent success expanding its database, big data, reaching 3 billion repair records and 500 million data points, a powerful and proprietary advantage that fuels our intelligent diagnostics platform, communicating directly with vehicles, translating to trouble codes, supplying complex inductive wieldings, complex inductive models, identifying the problem and guiding technicians through the repair process, all with unprecedented speed, productivity and profitability. Now we can’t talk about that without talking about the APOLLO+, the newest member of the intelligent diagnostics lineup, released in the late third quarter, and it continues to shine, surpassing previous generations and very importantly, expanding the number of software subscriptions. It’s easy, fast and smart. And for this day and age, at this time, it represents a tech’s quickest payback access to the power of Snap-on Intelligent Diagnostics. We expected it to be a winner, and it is. Also in the quarter, Undercar Equipment division released the new V4400 Commander wheel alignment machine. It’s a game changer for shops because of its unique flexibility. A lot of shops don’t have space and they don’t do alignments at all. They send them out. Garages today need new equipment for matching the equipment of that kind, for matching the rising vehicle complexity. For example, alignment has never been more important. But where do you fit the new units without a costly expansion. And in many cases, the buildings are already land locked. And shop owners can’t sacrifice an everyday repair base for periodic, but necessary profitable and profitable alignment procedures. So the answer is the V4400, a versatile smart and modular system. It’s got an innovative design with a control center housed in a small toolbox that wirelessly connects with the two twin independent mobile towers that holds sophisticated force camera – that hold a sophisticated force camera setup. Those sections can easily be stored out of the way while not in action and can be assembled anywhere in the shop quickly, delivering an alignment capability as needed and on command regardless of the layout, whether you shop is short or wide or deeper narrow, it doesn’t matter. And our proprietary software with our – based on our four-camera systems, enables a very quick setup. So therefore, setting it up is pretty easy and quick. And no shop is perfect. So our system also automatically eliminate imperfections like unlevel lifts or uneven floors, ensuring an accurate, straight as an arrow alignment, the V4400 aligner is nimble, versatile, quick and smart and it makes profitable alignment possible and many more shops. It’s a great product. We keep driving to expand RS&I’s position with repair shop owners and managers, offering more new products, all developed by our value creation processes, and we’re confident it’s a winning formula. And the Q4 results say it so. Well, that’s the quarter. Sales up, 0.2% back to level. OpCo operating margin of 22.1%, up 50 basis points, a new all-time high for the fourth quarter. The Tools Group down, but narrowing the gap. The pivot is working. RS&I operating margin 26.6%, up 150 basis points, another profit high for an already high-margin group. C&I operating margins up – operating earnings, up 17.4%; operating margin, 16.7%, up 180 basis points, also at a high resilience, balance, advantage and results. It was an encouraging quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results for the fourth quarter are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $1,198.7 million in the quarter were slightly above the $1,196.6 million reported last year, reflecting an organic sales increase of $2 million. Continued strength in sales to customers in critical industries as well as gains with repair shop owners and managers, offset the marginally lower sales of our franchise van network. Consolidated gross margin improved 140 basis points to 49.7% from 48.3% last year, reflecting increased sales and higher gross margin businesses as well as benefits from the company's RCI initiatives. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales rose 90 basis points to 27.6% from 26.7% in 2023, primarily due to increased corporate and other operating costs. Operating earnings before financial services of $265.2 million in the quarter compared to $257.9 million in 2023. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 22.1% represented an improvement of 50 basis points from the 21.6% reported last year. Financial services revenue of $100.5 million in the fourth quarter compared to $97.2 million last year, while operating earnings of $66.7 million compared to $67.9 million in 2023. Consolidated operating earnings of $331.9 million compared to $325.8 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin increased 30 basis points to 25.5% in 2024. Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate of 22.5% compared to 21.4% last year. Net earnings of $258.1 million compared to $255.3 million in 2023 and net earnings per diluted share of $4.82 in the quarter, compared to $4.75 per diluted share last year. Now let's turn to our segment results for the quarter. Starting with C&I on Slide 7. Sales of $379.2 million compared to $363.9 million last year, reflecting a 3.9% organic sales gain and $2.1 million of acquisition-related sales, partially offset by $1 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic improvement is largely due to gain in sales to customers serving critical industries, including a high single-digit increase in specialty torque. With respect to critical industries, in addition to higher torque product sales, activities in aviation and general industries were encouraging during the period. Gross margin improved 180 basis points to 41% in the fourth quarter from 39.2% in 2023. This is largely due to increased sales volumes and higher gross margin, critical industry sectors and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 24.3% in the quarter was unchanged from last year. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $63.5 million compared to $54.1 million last year. The operating margin improved 180 basis points to 16.7% from 14.9% in 2023. Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $506.6 million compared to $513.3 million a year ago, reflecting a 1.4% organic sales decline and $600,000 of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic decrease reflects a low single-digit decline in the United States business, partially offset by a mid-single-digit gain in our international operations. Again, this quarter, we believe that continued attenuation and a relatively modest year-over-year sales decline in the U.S. mobile network favorably demonstrates the resilience of this business given the still uncertain environment. Gross margin declined 60 basis points to 44.6% in the quarter from 45.2% last year, mostly due to the decreased volumes and the effects of increased sales of lower gross margin products. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales improved 10 basis points to 23.5% in the quarter from 23.6% in 2023. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $106.9 million compared to $111 million last year. The operating margin of 21.1% compared to 21.6% in 2023. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $456.6 million compared to $450.8 million in 2023, reflecting a 1.6% organic sales increase, partially offset by $1.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic gain includes a mid-single-digit increase in activity with OEM dealerships, and a low single-digit gain in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers. The latter aided by the introduction of our new APOLLO+ handheld diagnostic platform. These gains more than offset a low single-digit decline in sales of undercar equipment. Gross margin improved 200 basis points to 47% from 45% last year, primarily reflecting increased sales of higher gross margin products, including a more favorable mix of software and benefits from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales rose 50 basis points to 20.4% from 19.9% in 2023, largely due to increased personnel and other costs. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $121.4 million compared to $113.3 million last year. The operating margin improved 150 basis points to 26.6% from the 25.1% reported last year. Now turning to Slide 10. Revenue from financial services increased $3.3 million, or 3.4% to $100.5 million from $97.2 million last year. Financial services operating earnings of $66.7 million compared to $67.9 million in 2023. Financial services expenses were up $4.5 million from 2023 levels, including $4.4 million of higher provisions for credit losses. As a percentage of the average services portfolio, the financial services portfolio expenses were 1.3% in the quarter as compared to 1.2% last year. In the fourth quarters of 2024 and 2023, the respective average yields on finance receivables were 17.7% and 17.8%, while the average yields on contract receivables were 9.1% and 8.9%, respectively. Total loan originations of $285.1 million in the fourth quarter represented a decrease of $18 million or 5.9% from 2023 levels, including a 5.8% decline in extended credit originations. The decrease in extended credit originations mostly reflects lower sales of big ticket longer payback items. Moving to Slide 11. Our year-end balance sheet includes approximately $2.5 billion of gross financing receivables with $2.2 billion coming from our U.S. operation. For extended credit or finance receivables, the U.S. 60 day plus delinquency rate of 2% is up 20 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2023. Trailing 12 month net losses for the overall extended credit portfolio of $66.3 million represented a 3.32% of outstandings at year end. While delinquencies and net losses have been trending upward, we believe that these portfolio performance metrics remain relatively balanced considering the current environment. Now turning to Slide 12. For the quarter, cash increased by $47.2 million as compared to an increase of $42.2 million in the fourth quarter of last year. Cash provided by operating activities of $293.5 million in the quarter represented 111% of net earnings. Net cash used by investing activities of $40.2 million mostly reflected net additions to finance receivables of $26.2 million and capital expenditures of $18.1 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $201.5 million included cash dividends of $112.3 million and the repurchase of 315,000 shares of common stock for $112.5 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of year-end we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $429.4 million of common stock under our existing authorizations. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $24.3 million from 2023 year end. Days sales outstanding of 62 days compared to 60 days at year end 2023. Inventories decreased $62.5 million from 2023 year end and on a trailing 12 month basis inventory turns of 2.4% compared to 2.3% at year-end 2023. Our year-end cash position of $1,360.5 billion compared to $1,001.5 billion at the end of 2023. In addition to our existing cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $900 million available under our credit facilities and there were no amounts borrowed or outstanding under the credit facility during the year, nor was any commercial paper issued or outstanding in the year. That concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance. I’ll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2025. With respect to corporate cost, we currently believe that the expenses in each quarter of 2025 will be relatively in line with those incurred in the fourth quarter of 2024 or about $27 million per quarter. Additionally, during 2025 we expect to incur approximately $6 million pre-tax per quarter of increased non-service pension costs largely due to higher amortization of actuarial losses. These non-cash costs will be recorded below operating earnings as part of other income and expense net on our statement of earnings. We expect that capital expenditures will approximate $100 million and we currently anticipate that our full year 2025 effective income tax rate will be in a range of 22% to 23%. Finally, in 2025 our fiscal year will contain 53 weeks of operating results with the additional week occurring at the end of the fourth quarter. This occurs every five or six years and historically it has not had a significant effect on our full year or fourth quarter total revenues or net earnings. I’ll now call – call back over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, our fourth quarter progress against uncertainty. The markets remained robust, repair spending up, the number of techs up, wages up, car park aging and the vehicle complexity rising, but the uncertainty remains created by the unpredictable macro environment. But we did make progress against the wind. Resilience was on display in the Tools Group, the pivot succeeding and the gap shrinking. And the balance and breadth of our operations was evident in the performance of C&I and RS&I, both turning in solid quarters with gangbusters profitability, resilience, balance and progress written across the results. The Tools Group. Organic sales down 1.4%, but making continuing progress and maintaining the strength of the network. C&I sales up 3.9% organically. OI margins of 16.7%, up 180 basis points at another high, significant sales and profit gains in custom kits and precision torque, confirming that we can roll out the Snap-on brand out of the garage successfully and very profitably. And finally, RS&I, sales up 1.6%. OI margins of 26.6%, a rise of 150 basis points, representing another record, all driven by the promising and powerful quarters of software and committed RCI. It all came together for sales of $1,198.7 million, an increase of 0.2%, return to positive territory. The overall gross margin was up 140 basis points to 49.7% and the OI margin was 22.1%, up 50 basis points, yet another record. We are encouraged by the quarter and by our prospects going forward. Notwithstanding continuing uncertainty. We believe our markets will remain resilient and robust, reflecting the essential nature of the critical tasks that define them. We believe we've not only maintained, but have expanded our considerable advantages in product and brand and in people, even as we proceeded through the turbulence. We believe our Snap-on Value Creation Processes do deliver value every day, day-in and day-out. We believe our capable team really is a difference maker, battle tested, enabled to wheel advantage to consistently create positive outcomes, overcoming obstacles. It's happened over and over, and we have all been witnesses. And we believe that all these positives will keep our enterprise moving forward, extending and continuing its positive trajectory throughout 2025 and for many years beyond. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I'm going to speak directly to our franchisees and associates. I know many of you are listening. I've spoken today on the special nature of our enterprise, resilient, capable, determined, wringing progress from challenge, you are the principal authors of all that. For your success in moving our company forward, prevailing in turbulence and proceeding with confidence, you have my congratulations. For the capability and scale you marshal every day, on behalf of our team, you have my admiration. And for your unwavering dedication too and strong belief in the future of our corporation, you have my thanks. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Scott Stember of Roth MKM. Please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Good morning guys and thanks for taking my question.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi Scott.
Scott Stember: Talking about tools. I'm just trying to flesh out how close we are to, I guess, turning positive. Can you maybe talk about the confidence at the shop level. I know you talked about it, I guess, still being high, but the – I guess, their confidence high, but cash poor. Has that scenario actually gone backwards at all. And the second part of that...
Nick Pinchuk: I don't think it's going back. Look, I think it's like this. I was just a – I was in a shop a couple of weeks ago and talked to some franchisees the other day and talked to some other techs and other parts of the country and talked to franchisees all over the country. And it's sort of like this. I think people are pretty confident that vehicle repair is robust because of all the things I went through on my, the complexity, you see the Bureau Labor data, it's pretty much everybody is talking about we need more techs, they got a lot of work. I can't do it – try getting your car repair and you'll find out what I mean. And then you address the uncertainty. And one thought might have been, I think, is that when the election resolved itself, and things went forward, maybe the, I guess, stated positive view of the current team toward business and particularly towards the people who work. I mean they said stuff like the other day about its technical education month and we will find alternate paths to higher education that will provide real skills for real careers. And we will make technology work for Americans, not Americans work for technology, stuff like that. So those are music to the ears of the techs. But on the other hand, they see all these initiatives. And every day you get up, and you've got to read the paper on what's going on in Washington, you hear words like Panama and Greenland and Gaza and all this stuff. And as I said in the remarks, nobody knows what's up. So you kind of have this idea they're like, you know what it is, it's like being on Space Mountain at Disney World. You could get on Space Mountain, you get in a car and you're in the dark and a car's going left and right, left and right, turns, you don't know where you're going, but you know you're pretty confident that you're going to get to the right place at the bottom. And so that's where they are now. They're kind of waiting to see what's going to happen. So I think the only change between last time, they're still uncertain. They're still looking at short payback items. But I would think people often asking, what do you think would have to happen to make them positive? I think if things calm down in Washington, and there will be more predictable activity and more quarters of advancement that didn't change all the time. And then I think that would be a big change. So that's where I see them now. They're talking about this up to you. We like them and it doesn't really – I don't know where they're going.
Scott Stember: Got it. And as far as Snap-on and the actual pivoting, are you guys fully pivoted in making the product that you want to do?
Nick Pinchuk: We wanted to. But I would say, look, I was encouraged by the 1.4. If you look at each year it was something like we came out of the box down 7, then we were 7.7 down, then we're at 3.7 down and now we're 1.4 down organically. And so I think that's a pretty positive indication. You could have said, well, it might have been better or worse, I never – I'm pretty confident of our direction because we keep pivoting. We keep getting better at things. But I can't tell you the slope of the curve. But I do…
Scott Stember: Got it.
Nick Pinchuk: [Indiscernible] it's working.
Scott Stember: Great. And then just last question on C&I and RS&I. Could you tell us what the external sales were for each on an organic basis?
Nick Pinchuk: External sales, I think you could say the external sales for RS&I was closer to what it is. C&I external sales were somewhere in the range of half of what that was something like that, that was still kind of in the same range, but around a little bit less than that. That's how it is because it was the idea about C&I, some of the stuff they produce, expect some of the tool stuff, the torque stuff goes through the Tools Group.
Scott Stember: Oh, got you. Okay. Great. All right. That's all I have for now. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sherif El-Sabbahy [ph] of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi, Sherif.
Unidentified Analyst: I was just wondering if you could add a bit more color on the decline in originations. Is that mostly a function of product mix? Are you seeing customers finance less of the purchases overall?
Nick Pinchuk: Mostly tool storage down, that was it. I mean and so remember, that's part of the pivot, Sherif. In other words, the people are less willing. I think this is a predictable outcome all we've been saying about customer preference. Part of it is they want quick paybacks. In other words, they want stuff that will work right away, but also the stuff is when they buy the stuff off the van on what we would call revolving accounts, they pay it off in 15 weeks or they pay in cash or if they want. And so that tends to be – so they spend more of their money on those shorter items that they liquidate the obligation in 15 weeks, and they don't get involved in like a three-year deal. And that is the origination. The other factor is, and you put your finger on, it was very sage of you is that the APOLLO+ is at the lower end of the – remember, I said it was the quickest payback, which means lowest cost access to full intelligent diagnostics and more of that would be handled on an RA than, say, like a ZEUS, which is much more expensive like the top of the line. So the diagnostic line, the new product we introduced could be – some portion of that could be handled not on EC. So those are all contributing. But I will point out to you though, as well as I do on all these calls, is originations are associated with sales off the van, not sales to the van. So they don't necessarily follow in the same time frame. We sell a box to a van, it doesn't necessarily sell off right away. Sometimes the guy shops it for a while to people. So it's an imprecise science. But what you're seeing most of all, to answer quickly, that 5.9% reduction in originations in total, I believe that was the number, is principally driven by lower tool storage sales.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Luke Junk of Baird. Please go ahead.
Luke Junk: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Luke.
Luke Junk: Nick, I'm hoping you could double-click on the strength that you're seeing in specialty torque right now and just at a high level, I mean, it seems like that should benefit multiple areas across both critical industries and some of the growing opportunities within auto repair. And maybe, Nick, any thoughts around investment there, quickly, I think, an organic focus area. But could we see any additional M&A. It seems like Mountz has been a pretty good dealer.
Nick Pinchuk: That's certainly a place where we've looked at we have. Mountz last year, which we acquired, I think, in the fourth quarter last year was a torque related, a torque control power tool company. So it gave us – it was some of the technology that drove that CTM 800 to fruition. One of the things we're doing, I think we would look to invest in there. And so that would be one of our principal quarters for exploration of things to invest because we really believe in that. The other thing we're investing in a kind of an organic way is to try to bring the operations together to create more combinations like the CTM 800 is a compendium of the technologies we had in the gears of Norbar and that drives the basically front end of the power tools and Mountz acquisitions and some of the systems we have in terms of torque control from Mountz and cooling that we had in power tools. And that came together and created a superior tool that we believe has no equal. So that – so you're going to see us look at acquisitions, but you're also going to see us trying to invest some money and smashing those businesses, not smashing but trying to make sure there's a good irrigation of technologies, related technologies between those businesses because we believe in some total they are quite powerful.
Luke Junk: Good stuff. And then for my follow-up, and I know this is hard to dial in precisely. But Nick, any thoughts on just the continued headwinds in big ticket right here and the origination trend, I should say. And just as we think about the potential growth of the Tools Group this year, how much if any big ticket would you need if you were going to grow in line with the longer term 4% to 5% and relative to the pivot to small ticket just – any way to kind of calibrate how much is left there to go after.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. Look, I think there's a lot left in small ticket. It's a question of getting things that attract people. In other words, the idea behind the pivot is first and foremost, I think is widening and bringing out more like attractive new products, what I call – we call [indiscernible] product, hit products in the small ticket arena, therefore getting the customer excited about things, he will actually pull the trigger on in this environment. That's really what's going on here. That's what we call pivot. It includes manufacturing and design and manufacturing and, of course, marketing to dress it all up in a promotion. But – so you can keep doing that. And we believe that brings us – that keeps us on an upward trend. Of course, if you're having people shy away from big ticket items; you're not firing completely on all cylinders. So it's hard for me to answer that trajectory. I think with pivoting, we keep going positive because we know how to improve. We probably don't fire on all cylinders, so people get a little more comfortable, but I don't think it's a matter of if we can keep – I think there's a what I would call almost inexhaustible upward trend in the pivot. It's just we'd like to have all our products because our tool storage products are thoughtful. It's just that, so if we can get them engaged we've got to be even more stuff and people would buy even more. So it's a hard thing to answer. But I do think even if we didn't get the uncertainty broken, we believe we could keep going. If the uncertainty breaks then there would be a more normalization. I'm not saying we can't get back to normal without breaking the uncertainty, but it will take longer, that's all.
Luke Junk: Got it. Thanks Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Hey Bret.
Bret Jordan: Let me throw the tariff question out there for you. And I guess sort of relative positioning around what may or may not happen here. Your domestic mix versus your competitors, how do you see yourself positioned? And what's the impact?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, you tell me how the tariff is going to play out, and I'll tell you what the impact is going...
Bret Jordan: That's why I was looking for the answer too.
Nick Pinchuk: That's what I mean. I don't know. I mean, but look, I think – let me state this. We certainly are more insulated from import – tariffs on imports than most. So tariffs – why tariffs grow on a lot of imported sources than I think we make out pretty well because I like our chances in that situation. That doesn't mean we're totally immune to it. We do have tariff costs right now. We've been eating them for years. We have – we import some stuff that attracts tariffs. But generally, we make in the markets where we sell and a huge portion of our product line is made in the United States are in pretty good shape. If you're talking about tariffs, retaliatory tariffs, who knows? It's – you never know what people are going to do. But I think this isn't our first rodeo, as I said on my call, I mean you know our ways around that. When we saw the stuff come up we were already thinking about ways to kind of minimize and optimize in that situation and there are paths to do that. So we're not shaking in our boots over the whole thing.
Bret Jordan: And then on the relative strength of international tools versus U.S., I mean, sort of what do you attribute that to? Is there less competition? There's no Harbor Freight or Matco in those markets. So it's a different competitive landscape or what you see there?
Nick Pinchuk: Who? What did you say? Who did you say?
Bret Jordan: Matco, Harbor Freight, Mac people who are selling tools in the U.S. market that are not internationally.
Nick Pinchuk: No, look, I don't think – I don't think that's the situation. I don't think that – nobody really says that. That's not the situation in the U.S. The U.S. is simply associated. If you think about the uncertainties that are in the U.S., the border, the idea now you do have the two wars and then have it other environments. Australia, I think thinks of itself as being insulated from all that. But then you have the election, you have what I call the rapid fire ideas out of Washington, you have the rise in prices. So I think the uncertainty things kind of inflicts the U.S. to a greater extent than anything else. Our UK business seems to be more solid. And a lot of this stuff, Bret, is where you come from. So the international businesses, I think if you go back and look at it, they have been suffering for a while. Now they've come back somewhat. So you're seeing some of that snap back there in that situation. I don't think the competitive environment changes that much really in either place because you have other competitors that are national competitors. For example, if you're in Australia, you've got people there that people prefer and technicians don't own their own tools as to quite the same extent as they do here. You have couple all that kind of stuff. So I don't think there's much – the competition isn't the variance between the organizations – between the locations.
Bret Jordan: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David MacGregor of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. This is Joe Nolan [ph] on for David.
Nick Pinchuk: Joe Nolan. Okay.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, guest appearance. I was just going to start. What was that?
Nick Pinchuk: Welcome to the party.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Appreciated. So first, just a strong quarter for the critical industries and for the torque tools business, you've invested in some capacity there. So I assume you're shipping against some backlog orders. I was just wondering what you're seeing in terms of order activity? And if you’re.
Nick Pinchuk: The order activity is pretty good. I mean, we do have some backlog there like always, it is – it had been higher before. It built up and when we put on a new expansion that we kind of we didn't liquidate the backlog, but we more normalize it. So, I wouldn't call it a buildup of backlog, but the backlog has been pretty solid. So, I'm pretty positive about the critical industries. And the thing about it is that it seems like we have increasing demand all the time because the idea of complex and customized kitting seems to have high demand and growing everybody in their brother seems to want to have a set that matches the particular problem that they have, and we can put them right on target. And we may be the only person who really does that very effectively, plus it includes a whole bunch of Snap-on tools, which creates a whole other cache to the combined kit. So we love that business. It seems that it was up substantially in the quarter. I'm not going to give you the number, but I can tell you that business went bananas in the quarter. So I feel pretty good about it, and it's very profitable.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Sounds great. And I know you guys don't provide guidance, but just thinking about that business' margins into 2025, just any of the moving parts there, obviously, the strength in critical industries is a benefit for margins. So just anything more you can provide?
Nick Pinchuk: All I can tell you is what I tried to make in this quarter was we had two things. We basically had the Tools Group returning – pivoting and narrowing the gap. Of course, it was down some. – much more of a sliver than it had been down. But the results, 22.1%, up 50 basis points. And if you really looked at last year's number, you would see that there might have been some boost, some little help there from some like special items like legal settlements and stuff like that in the quarter so it was up tremendously and nicely, and that was brought by the other two groups really having wilds of quarters profitability-wise for sure. And that profitability was rooted in the idea that there are more profitable divisions in the case of RS&I, the software area was going gangbusters and in the C&I group, the custom tools, the critical industries, those customized kit gangbusters and though, on top of it, like I said in RCI and this was probably missed in my comment, across RS&I, a great majority of the businesses, even the hardware businesses were up over 100 basis points, and that was RCI, rapid continuous improvement. So going forward, what you have is good runway for those profitable businesses and then seemingly good momentum of RCI across the corporation. I hope nobody misses that in this quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Got it. That's great. And then just quickly on the Tools Group. Apologies if I missed this, but did you talk about sell-in versus sell-through in the quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: I did not. It's about the same.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. All right, great. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Sara Verbsky for any closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-17 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2024 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's remarks, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Gary and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us today as we review Snap-on's third quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick-off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates, or beliefs or that otherwise discuss management's or the company's outlook, plans, or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks Sara. Good morning everyone. As usual, I'll start with the highlights of our third quarter. I'll provide my perspectives on the results, on our markets, and on our path ahead. After that, Aldo will give you a detailed review of the financials. My perspective, I am encouraged and we believe our third quarter was encouraging, another period of broad profitability growth and significant forward progress, product and process success, and clear traction in our Tools Group pivot to quick paybacks. Of course, the quarter again had its challenges, ongoing macro pressures creating obstacles of uncertainty, just like we've encountered before. But in the end, we adjusted, withstood the turbulence, took advantage of the opportunities, and drove another strong earnings performance. And all of that is written clearly across the results. Here they are. Third quarter sales of $1,147 million were slightly down from the $1,159.3 million recorded last year. On an organic basis, excluding $200,000 in unfavorable foreign currency translation and $7.2 million from acquisitions, our organic sales were lower by 1.7%. But the OpCo operating income was up, and the OI margin was 22%, up 80 basis points, setting a new benchmark for our third quarters. For financial services, the OI grew to $71.7 million, that's up from the $69.4 million of 2023, a number that when combined with our OpCo result, raised our consolidated OI margin to 26%, up 90 basis points from last year's 25.1%. And EPS, it was $4.70, a nice gain from last year's $4.51. So, those are the overall results, marked by operating capability, structural balance, and consistent resilience prevailing against significant headwinds. Now, let's take a view of the market. During the third quarter, automotive repair remained robust. It continued to expand in complexity. New models entered the market, unveiling a rollout of new drivetrains, motor configurations, and high-tech electrical systems that control a neural network of sensors woven together that enable driver-assisted vehicle autonomy, all of it housed in modern chassis, fashioned out of space age materials. And this cavocated [ph] sophisticated advancements combined with an aging car park, now averages 12.6 years to make fixing vehicles even more challenging if you're from Snap-on. This is music to your ears and the hits just keep on coming, creating opportunities for years to come. Let's talk about organizations. The OEM, the dealerships, the independent garages, the segment that primarily focuses on infrastructure-type investments, recovering things like renovating bays and upgrading repair equipment, meeting the challenges of new vehicle models and expanding shop capacities to match the rise in repair work, driven by the ongoing increase in vehicle complexity. New lifts to support the extra weight of battery systems, sophisticated undercar equipment to calibrate the driver assist systems that enable vehicle automation and more powerful software suites for managing parts rooms, service space, and customer interfaces, enhanced vehicle communication devices to interact with the more complex designs and more powerful repair information databases to read, to diagnose, and to fix the vehicles of the now and of the future. Our repair information group or RS&I thrives in this world of complexity, serving repair shop owners and managers, delivering solutions that make the full repair path much easier, paving the way forward with innovative dealership management systems, proprietary one-of-a-kind intelligent diagnostics platforms, and the full array of capable shop equipment. Now, the opportunities for the garages is strong, but uncertain interest rates, rumors of tax changes, and worries over the elections are all weighing on investment decisions, creating a mixed landscape across the market, but the overall outlook still remains quite positive. And we believe that Snap-on and RS&I are poised to participate fully in the abundant opportunities. Now, let's shift to the technician market. These are the folks who decipher the data, touch the screen, diagnose the problems, twirl the wrenches and wheel their extraordinary skills to execute the repair. It's where our van network applies its trade. In that regard, the third quarter is always a great time for me because it's when we hold our annual Snap-on Franchisee Conference, or SFC. It's a gathering of men and women who drive the vans and call on hundreds of thousands of techs every week. It's an unmatched connection to the world of vehicle repair. Again, this year, I had extended conversations with dozens and dozens of our franchisees and each encounter resonated with enthusiasm. We say Snap-on prevails in turbulence and proceeds with confidence and the franchisees know it's true. Now, with that said, the macro environment is still weighing on our technician customers with considerable uncertainty, driven by the election and its perceived impact, the fears of ongoing inflation by border pressure and by the specter of prolonged wars. The shops are full, yech wages are up, the hours are expanding, and the demand for tech continues. They have cash, but they're still confidence poor. The bad news they get every day for breakfast is weighing on them. Right now, they're hesitant on the future and as such, they're reluctant on big ticket items with longer paybacks. So, to accommodate, the Tools Group continues to pivot, focusing on shorter payback items to match the technicians' current preferences. And the third quarter results confirm that it's working. So, we believe the automotive repair market is robust. Current uncertainty notwithstanding, it's a great place to operate. Now, let's turn to the critical industries, where the penalty for failure is high, this is where our commercial and industrial group or C&I makes its living. It's challenging, rugged environments like oil and gas platforms, mining sites, and battlefields, but it also includes sensitive and sophisticated atmospheres needed to manufacture computer chips to build airplanes and to launch rockets. The customers in this segment are organizations big and small, and they're more influenced by the data than the text, interest rates, GDP, and industry demands. And as such, these segments are pretty positive. And we see it in the results, growth in aviation, in defense, in general industries, and sectors that need our precision torque device to execute and document accuracy and the areas enabled by our custom kits, packages that meet the specific needs of the tasks that improve quality, productivity, and safety. In other words, solutions that are right up our alley. This is also the segment where our largest international presence is. And consequently, it's the segment with the headwinds of geopolitical turbulence. In that regard, Europe continues to vary region-by-region. The South remains positive, but several countries, particularly in the North, are dealing with difficulty in some cases, technical recessions. And in Asia, it's also mixed. China is still recovering from the pandemic and the effects of the extended lockdowns. At the same time, Korea and Japan are resilient. So, there are geographic challenges in the critical industries. But overall, this market is positive. The potential is considerable, and we believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on these possibilities. Well, those are the markets. Now, let's -- those are the markets -- in summary, automotive repair is mixed in the now, but broad potential for the future. And the critical industries are still robust and rich with opportunities. Now, let's talk about the operating groups. In C&I, sales of $365.7 million compared to $366.4 million registered last year. Sales excluding $7.3 million of acquisition-related volume -- excluding the $7.2 million of acquisition-related volume, the organic sales were down by 2.1%. From an earnings perspective, however, C&I OI of $61 million improved by $2.9 million or 5% over last year, and the OI margin was 16.7%, up 80 basis points, expanding to -- equaling the record high established in the last quarter. The major contributor was our industrial division, continuing its upward trajectory and strong profitability, wielding the capacity provided by its new kitting center in Kenosha and meeting the rising demand for customized solutions along the way. In addition to our investments in the kitting center, our acquisition of Mountz last year is rolling into its 12th month, and it's been a valuable contributor in meeting the needs of our customers for small precision torque. Torque continues to be -- to rise in significance with critical industry customers. And to meet this need, we packaged our existing medium and heavy-duty torque products with Mountz's lighter offerings, giving us a wide spectrum of clamping forces -- the wide spectrum of clamping forces that are essential to the critical industry from oil and gas to the aviation to defense. We're capitalizing on that opportunity and the quarter showed it. Our specialty torque business rose significantly both in volume and in profitability. We also continued adding to our portfolio of professional cordless tools, engineered products, aligned with the work performed and the expectations of techs doing repairs. For the serious people of work, new products can add great value and our quarter was marked by that effect. For working on large equipment and over-the-road trucks, we unveiled a CT9175 3.75-inch 18-volt impact, not for the faint of heart. This unit delivers 1,550 foot-pounds of bolt breakaway torque. It's ideal for the most challenging jobs. The rugged lightweight housing shakes off harsh environments. The ergonomic design reduces stress and fatigue, pretty important when you're wielding 1,550 foot-pounds. And this 9175 monster has a great feature set to boot like LED spotlights, multiple power settings, and a variable speed trigger to just apply the right torque to the job. It's a great tool. Just what you'd expect from Snap-on, powerful application, easy to use and very efficient. It's a tool that techs increasingly want in their arsenal when they're fighting the toughest jobs. The 9175, it's a great productivity enhancer and the technicians have noticed. One last thought about the results. C&I kept investing in the quarter, maintaining and expanding our advantage in product, brands, and in people. Operating expenses were 140 basis points of sales higher than last year. But with the benefits of rapid continuous improvement, or RCI, the value of new -- and the value of new products, gross margins rose by 220 basis points and the OI margin, despite the spending, was up 80 basis points, higher spending and higher profits without additional scale. That's C&I, innovative products, custom solutions, precision instruments, all combined to reach customers in critical industries and extend the Snap-on brand out of the garage with momentum and profitability. Now, for the Tools Group. Sales in the third quarter of $500.5 million included an organic decrease of 3.1% with a U.S. decrease that was not much different. The OI margin in the period was 21.6%, down 40 basis points from last year due to the lower volume. With that said, gross margins remained strong, improving 100 basis points, driven by new products, RCI, and manufacturing efficiencies. That was quite a feat actually. And during the period, our team maintained its focus on product development, designing solutions that make work easier and provide customers with quick paybacks. And that pivot is taking hold, closing the deficit both overall in the U.S. to less than half it was in the second quarter. And that trend was reinforced in the period by sales being $18.5 million higher than the second quarter. With summer vacation and SFC breaks, we haven't seen the Tools Group up sequentially in the third quarter for some time. We believe it's a sign of considerable momentum. The Tools Group is coming back. Beyond the numbers, we held our annual SFC in August this year in Orlando with attendance reaching 9,000 franchisees, guests, and Snap-on associates. This tool show spanned over three football fields showcasing the latest in product innovation, more than 4,500 SKUs strong. The weekend also was packed with training sessions, purposely designed to grow each fan's business and expand the franchisees' already substantial product knowledge. Among those seminars was an in-depth review of our intelligent diagnostic portfolio with instructors connected directly to the vehicles, communicating with the cars in real-time and clearly demonstrating our industry-leading advantage. It attracted a lot of attention. And we celebrated Saturday night by transporting the entire crew in what could be described as an armada of buses to SeaWorld for a night of roller coasters, aquatic shows, and a lot of fun. It was another memorable event, but principally, it serves as a testament to the unique bond that our franchisees hold with the Snap-on team. I believe anyone attending would affirm that the franchisees left reassured on the power of our operation, enthusiastic about their way forward with our enterprise and convinced that Snap-on really does prevail in difficulty and proceed with confidence. The product booths at this year's event were pretty busy. We're busy, especially near the Cartway to Heaven. It was an eye-catching and colorful wall of mobile tool carts. The model that stole the show was our brand-new KRSC 2460 flip-top roll cart, a unit that offers Snap-on tool storage in a quick payback form, just what techs want in today's world. That's why it was so popular. The 2460 can hold a significant breadth of sockets, wrenches, and power tools in a variety of drawers that range from 2-inch to 3-inch to 5-inch configurations. And the ultra-deep top compartment is designed with five AC outlets and two USB ports to ensure that electrical devices are charged and at-the-ready for any use at any time. The launch was a significant success, and it provides even more testimony that the Tools Group traction to pivoting -- and pivoting to shorter payback items is working. Also on the shop floor were products highlighting Snap-on's customer connection. We stand next to mechanics, observing work, experiencing the complexity of vehicle repair, and we use those insights gained and design innovations that make work easier. One such custom solution available at the SFC was our new S8400 half-inch drive axle spindle nut socket. That's a mouthful. It's manufactured right here in the U.S.A., our Elkmont, Alabama plant. Since 2022, GM 3500 heavy-duty pickups have used a unique fastener that's very deep into the axle -- inside the axle hub. It's a very difficult and time-consuming operation to extract it with standard tooling. So, our new specially designed socket reaches in, links precisely with the embedded fastener, and it makes the removal or installation safe, quick, and effortless. Each vehicle is unique and a range of different repairs are needed as they age. This is the motherload for a toolmaker and Snap-on customer connection positions our team to have just the device to match the task. It's a great advantage that was on display at the SFC and it was on display in our third quarter results. The Tools Group, pivoting to quick paybacks, launching differentiating new products, and summoning resilience against the headwinds. Now, for RS&I. Sales of $422.7 million in the third quarter represented an organic decline of 1.9%. Lower sales in undercar equipment and reduced activity with OEM dealerships were partially offset by higher sales in diagnostics and information products to independent shops -- for independent shops. In effect, declines in hardware, balanced by gains in software. OI for RS&I was $107.3 million, up 2.3% compared to last year, despite the lower sales and the OI margin of 25.4%, one of the group's highest for some time, was up 110 basis points from 2023. All of it was authored by big product and RCI-driven gains in gross -- RCI-driven gains in gross margins, partially offset by spending in operating expenses. Gross margin is up, operating expense is balancing some of it, but it was all the investment was there to maintain and extend our advantages and so we did. During the quarter, RS&I launched its latest addition to our intelligent diagnostic lineup, the APOLLO+. This is a new ergonomically designed handheld that offers a 2-second boot up, the fastest in the industry and a large 10-inch touchscreen for improved visibility and navigation. Most importantly, the platform is powered by our proprietary intelligent diagnostic software with almost 3 billion data records and over 400 billion unique diagnostic events, all organized to help technicians diagnose and fix vehicles much faster. It was introduced in mid-August, toward the end of the quarter, and it represents a tech's most economical way to wield the power of intelligent diagnostics. And it already has the customers' attention. Our on the Street feedback says the new sophisticated platform with a quick payback is a real hit and we believe it has a great future. We're encouraged by the strength of our handheld diagnostics and the other unique solutions we provide and that confidence is reinforced by outside experts. Our SOLUS handheld was eligible for the 2024 awards and it was cited by Motor Magazine as one of the top of the 2024 Top 20 Tools. And it was also recognized by Power Tools and Equipment News, or P10, for one of its -- as one of the 2024 People's Choice Awards, that's a distinction based on the endorsements from real technicians, actual users from all across the nation. RS&I also received P10 recognitions for its Collision Repair package. It's on-truck brake-wave, it's heavy-duty diagnostic software and its M1, Mitchell 1 Shop Management System. Collectively this year, across all our operations, Snap-on won 20 such awards. Product is a Snap-on advantage, and everybody knows it. We're confident in the strength of RS&I and we'll keep driving to expand its position with repair shop owners and managers, making work easier, the base more productive, and providing the garages with the means to match the ever-growing challenges of modern vehicle repair. Well, those are the third quarter results. Tools Group, demonstrating improvement sequentially, pivoting effectively to meet customer preferences. C&I and RS&I, innovative new products and operating efficiencies, managing the headwinds, producing benchmark OI margins. And for the overall corporation, sales organically down 1.7%, but OpCo OI, up 2.9%. Opco OI margin of 22%, up 80 basis points; and EPS, $4.70, up 4.2%, rising over every comparison, all achieved against the wins. It was another encouraging quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $1,147 million in the quarter compared to $1,159.3 million last year, reflecting a 1.7% organic sales decline and $300,000 of unfavorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by $7.2 million of acquisition-related sales. Despite the ongoing uncertainties of the current environment, overall sales activity in the quarter can be characterized as stable. And while our franchise van channel revenues continue to be tempered by technician confidence, the Tools Group generated higher sales sequentially versus last quarter. Generally, the third quarter reflects lower sales dollar activity as compared to the second quarter. Consolidated gross margin improved 130 basis points to 51.2% from 49.9% last year, reflecting increased sales in higher gross margin businesses, benefits from the company's RCI initiatives and lower material and other costs. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales rose 50 basis points to 29.2% from 28.7% in 2023, primarily due to the lower sales volumes. Operating earnings before financial services of $252.4 million in the quarter compared to $245.2 million in 2023. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 22% represented an improvement of 80 basis points from the 21.2% reported last year. Financial services' revenues of $100.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to $94.9 million last year, while operating earnings of $71.7 million compared to $69.4 million in 2023. Consolidated operating earnings of $324.1 million compared to $314.6 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin increased 90 basis points to 26% from 25.1% in 2023. Our third quarter effective income tax rate of 22.9% compared to 22.6% last year. Net earnings of $251.1 million compared to $243.1 million in 2023 and net earnings per diluted share of $4.70 in the quarter compared to $4.51 per diluted share last year, an increase of 4.2%. Now, let's turn to our segment results for the quarter, starting with C&I on Slide 7. Sales of $365.7 million compared to $366.4 million last year, reflecting a 2.1% organic sales decline, partially offset by $7.2 million of acquisition-related sales. The organic decrease is primarily due to double-digit reduction with respect to intersegment sales of power tools and a mid-single-digit decline in the segment's European-based hand tool businesses. These were partially offset by a gain in sales to customers in critical industries, including a high single-digit increase in specialty torque. With respect to critical industries, in addition to higher torque product sales, defense and aviation-related activity was strong, but it was somewhat offset by declines in the natural resources sector. Gross margin improved 220 basis points to 41.2% in the third quarter from 39% in 2023. This was largely due to the increased sales volume and higher gross margin critical industry sectors, lower material and other costs, savings from RCI initiatives, and 50 basis points of benefit from acquisitions. These improvements were partially offset by 30 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales rose 140 basis points to 24.5% in the quarter from 23.1% in 2023, primarily due to investments in personnel and other costs and a 50 basis point impact from acquisitions. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $61 million compared to $58.1 million last year. The operating margin improved 80 basis points to 16.7% from 15.9% in 2023. Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $500.5 million compared to $515.4 million a year ago, reflecting a 3.1% organic sales decline and $900,000 of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic decrease reflects a mid-single-digit decline in our U.S. business, partially offset by a low single-digit gain in our international operations. That being said, it is meaningful to highlight that sales in the historically lower third quarter period are higher than the $482 million recorded in the second quarter of this year, representing a sequential increase of 3.8%. We believe this as well as the more modest year-over-year sales decline in the U.S. van network in the third quarter than in previous quarters favorably demonstrates the resilience of this business. Gross margin improved 100 basis points to 47.3% in the quarter from 46.3% last year, primarily due to lower material and other costs and benefits from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales rose 140 basis points to 25.7% in the quarter from 24.3% in 2023, largely due to the lower sales volume. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $108.3 million compared to $113.4 million last year. The operating margin of 21.6% compared to 22% in 2023. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $422.7 million compared to $431.8 million in 2023, reflecting a 1.9% organic sales decline and $900,000 of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic decrease includes a mid-single-digit decline in the sales of undercar equipment and a low single-digit reduction in activity with OEM dealerships, where we often see variability in essential tool programs from period-to-period. These decreases were partially offset by a low single-digit gain in sales of diagnostic and information products to independent repair shop owners and managers. Gross margin improved 190 basis points to 47.4% from 45.5% last year, primarily reflecting increased sales of higher gross margin products. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales rose 80 basis points to 22% from 21.2% in 2023, largely due to lower sales volumes and increased personnel and other costs. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $107.3 million compared to $104.9 million last year. The operating margin improved 110 basis points to 25.4% from the 24.3% reported last year. Now, turning to Slide 10. Revenue from financial services increased $5.5 million or 5.8% to $100.4 million from $94.9 million last year, primarily reflecting the growth of the loan portfolio. Financial services operating earnings of $71.7 million compared to $69.4 million in 2023. Financial services expenses were up $3.2 million from 2023 levels, including $2.4 million of higher provisions for credit losses. Sequentially, the provisions for credit losses were lower by $1.6 million. In the third quarters of both 2024 and 2023, the average yield on finance receivables was 17.7%. In the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, the average yield on contract receivables were 9.1% and 8.8%, respectively. Total loan originations of $288 million in the third quarter represented a decrease of $17.2 million or 5.6% from 2023 levels, reflecting a 6.7% decline in extended credit originations and a 1.3% decrease in originations of contract receivables. The decrease in extended credit originations mostly reflects lower sales of big-ticket items. Geographically, extended credit originations were consistent with the sales activity in the Tools Group with the decline in the U.S. only partially offset by growth in originations internationally. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.5 billion of gross financing receivables with $2.2 billion from our U.S. operation. For extended credit or finance receivables, the U.S. 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.9% is up 40 basis points from the third quarter of 2023. Trailing 12-month net losses for the overall extended credit portfolio of $62.3 million represented 3.11% of outstandings at quarter end. While delinquencies and net losses are trending upward, we believe that these portfolio performance metrics remain relatively balanced considering the current environment. Now, turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $274.2 million in the quarter represented 106% of net earnings and compared to $285.4 million last year. The decrease in cash flow as compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily reflects increases in working investment, which were partially offset by higher net earnings. Net cash used by investing activities of $40.5 million mostly reflected net additions to finance receivables of $20.6 million and capital expenditures of $20.4 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $156.2 million included cash dividends of $97.9 million and the repurchase of 215,000 shares of common stock for $59.9 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of quarter end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $471.5 million of common stock under our existing authorizations, including under the $500 million authorization recently approved by the Board of Directors in August of this year. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $5.1 million from 2023 year-end. Days sales outstanding of 61 days compared to 60 days at year-end 2023. Inventories decreased $10.1 million from 2023 year-end. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.3 remained unchanged from year-end. Our quarter end cash position of $1,313.3 million compared to $1,1.5 million at year-end 2023. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $900 million available under our credit facilities. As of quarter end, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2024. For the full year, we expect that capital expenditures will be approximately $100 million and we currently anticipate that our full year 2024 effective income tax rate will be in the range of 22% to 23%. Finally, with respect to corporate costs, we would expect expenses in the upcoming fourth quarter to be more in line with those incurred in the third quarter of this year as the fourth quarter of 2023 included some benefit for the recovery of costs associated with a legal matter, which will not repeat. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
A - Nick Pinchuk: Well, thanks, Aldo. Well, that's our quarter, resilience against the turbulence. We believe the period demonstrated that with great clarity. Sales attenuated, but great products solving critical tasks, material savings, and RCI drove strong and substantial gains in gross margins, strong enough that we're able to keep investing in our product, brand, and our people, maintaining and building them for the opportunities to come, and still increase OI margins significantly. And all of that was authored by the ongoing characteristics of our -- of the Snap-on Enterprise. Businesses that are strategically positioned for advantage for establishing and maintaining ongoing connections to the customers, processes embedded in Snap-on value creation that really do deliver progress every day. And a very capable team that's committed to our enterprise, greatly experienced and battle-tested and is well able to consistently marshal advantage to drive -- for driving positive outcomes and you see that all across the corporation. C&I sales down low single-digits for profits up, OI margin, 16.7%, up 80 basis points. Gross margins up 220 basis points, gains from wielding customization in the critical industries. The Tools Group, meeting the challenges -- of the challenges of the day, executing the pivot to quick payback items, closing the sales gap and displaying momentum. Sales down low single-digits, OI margin is 21.6%, down 40 basis points, but gross margins up 100 basis points. RS&I, wielding its advantage with software, sales down low single-digits, but profits up and OI margins of 25.4%, up 110 basis points and gross margins up 190 basis points and it all came together as a corporation. Sales attenuated lower by 1.7% organically, but OI rising from last year. OI margins reaching 22%, up 80 basis points and gross margins up triple-digit basis points all across the corporation and an EPS of $4.70, up versus every -- up over every comparison. It was another encouraging quarter. And we believe that propelled by our device -- decisive advantage in our product, in our brand, and our people, all maintained and strengthened even in the turbulence, Snap-on will continue its momentum, so clearly demonstrated in the quarter and extend our trend of positive performance well on through the days and the years to come. Now, before I turn the call over to the operator, I want to speak directly to our franchisees and associates. As always, I know many of you are listening. Our quarter demonstrates that Snap-on does indeed prevail in turbulence. And once again, you are the creators of that result, hard one. For your achievements in authoring our success, you have my congratulations. For the skill, energy, and experience you bring to bear every day. On behalf of our team, you have my admiration and for your unshakable confidence in and dedication to the future of our enterprise, you have my thanks. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning Nick, Aldo, and Sara.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Good morning. I wanted to dive into the kind of seasonal strength at SOT. Does that feel like kind of a reset baseline for normal seasonal, kind of, patterns from here. We usually have a fourth quarter lift or -- maybe that gets into what the sell-in sell-through was in the third quarter, too, and that needs to be tested on the sell-through in the current quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: The sell-through, as you know, hasn't been -- the sales off the van for some time have been a little bit more than our sales to the van. In this particular quarter, it was slightly reversed in that situation. The sales to the van were a little bit better. But the third quarter is kind of a hard one to predict. I always call it squirrely in that situation. So, we -- if it wasn't for the third quarter, I think this is much more definitive, but it's clear that the Tools Group is doing better, certainly did better in the third quarter. And we have not seen a third quarter over the second quarter in a dog's age, except for the one in the COVID where we had -- we came out in a V-shaped recovery in the third quarter. But you can look back for a long time and you don't see that. And this is the total group, and it's the U.S. in general and so we view it as some momentum. The question is, I suppose, will they be able to continue that momentum? We think they can. We like their products, and we like the fact that doing this has come out of their profitability up 100 basis points. They got a little bit of volume impact, but the 100 basis points of gross margin wielded by great new products and the manufacturing efficiencies in some ways that come out of the new expansions that are more productive than the old across the major plants in the United States. So, we think things are moving positively. But we don't give guidance, but I like our chances going forward for the tools.
Christopher Glynn: Sounds great. And then just switching on RS&I. It's been very sturdy run rate, third quarter, a bit of a step down, historically, not much routine seasonality, though 3Q last year also kind of deviated a little lower versus kind of the way the business had been trending. So, curious if you can offer any insights around that? Maybe does it feel like the equipment side is entering an interim pause after some steady customers recapitalizing?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I'd say -- look, I think the thing as I stated that the -- I said in my -- very simple, hardware down, software up. So, the hardware piece is the equipment piece, and that was -- there was some attenuation of that. Some of that can be seasonal. I don't know, I wouldn't hang my hat on that, but there is a little bit of headwind in the third quarter. vacations that happened in the garages and so on and stuff like that. But I think there is some uncertainty in the garages that may weigh on that, and we'll see how that plays out going forward. Look, I think the other piece of it is the OEM lumpy business, which kind of hit a flat spot in this quarter, but we don't think that's going to be continuing every quarter. It's just that it's lumpy, and we happen to catch a lump, a downward lump, depression in this quarter. But the real good thing is if you look at the software businesses, you look at the diagnostics business, the Mitchell, those business, the diagnostics information, which is Mitchell and diagnostic itself to repair shop owners and managers up and those things are profitable. And then you have the sales of electronic parts catalogs, another software piece up. And if you look at the software in the Tools Group associated with diagnostics, yes, it's -- we're increasing -- we're following hardware launches, but increasing the software looks pretty strong. And if you look at the software in the diagnostic -- just in the Tools business, that's a pretty good piece of business that's up year-over-year, and that helped drive some of the profitability in the Tools Group. So, I feel pretty good about RS&I. I'm not so worried about it. I think -- and by the way, if you could trade off the software businesses at high margins for a little bit of turbulence in the hardware business, wouldn't you do it? I would.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you, Nick.
Operator: The next question is from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research. Please go ahead.
Gary Prestopino: Hey good morning all. Hey Nick, in your narrative, you did try and give us a peek here as to what this pivot in the Tools Group, how it impacted the quarter and on a quarterly basis, sequentially, you were up $18 million. Is -- could you maybe just help us here, was the majority of that sequential increase due to the pivot in sales?
Nick Pinchuk: A lot of it was. Hand tools. Hand tools were the strongest category in this quarter. And it was a bigger -- why we -- why you can see the pivot is when you look at it all, I don't like parsing those numbers. It'd be a little bit squirrely from quarter-to-quarter. But really, hand tools represented a major mix of Tools Group sales to the franchisees in this quarter than for -- all the way back to the pandemic. And so that is helping drive this. That is the real testimony to the pivot because that is what we wanted to have happened because this is what customers are ready to buy, and that helped a lot of that situation. Plus it helps the margins.
Gary Prestopino: Is it safe to say that a lot of this was due to new products coming into the market that you introduced?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think yes and there are also promotions overlay -- look, we had 4,500 -- there's a little thing, 4,500 products, I think SKUs displayed in our Tool Show at the SFC and over 500 were new in some way. Now, I'm not saying they were all breakthrough products. But there were 500 of the 4,500 franchisees could say, I'm offering our customers something they couldn't quite have before. And so that qualifies as something new, and it gives you something to sell and that helped push some of this. And a lot of that was in that area. Although promotion can also make hand tools look good if you strike the right cord. You give away for example, buy a set of hand tools, you get a dinner with Aldo Pagliari, for example. This will sell a lot of things.
Gary Prestopino: I'd buy a whole Snap-on toolbox of tools just to do that.
Aldo Pagliari: I'll remember that.
Gary Prestopino: The last question is, it seems like you've kind of talked about your torque products in C&I over the last couple of quarters. Now, has that -- is something changing in the market that is moving more towards specialty torque? I know you developed products and obviously, you've made some acquisitions in that area. But could you just help us out on what kind of secular tailwinds there are that's driving for?
Nick Pinchuk: I can answer that in asking you a question. Can you say the word Boeing?
Gary Prestopino: Yes.
Nick Pinchuk: I think this is -- it's a little bit like, but this is kind of an example. I think people are becoming more and more aware that the mechanisms throughout critical industries are more and more complex and therefore, precision has to be greater than may have been applied in the past. So, one, you need more precise tools and torque wrenches are an element of that or a deliverer of that. And the more accurate they are, the wider range they are, the better you're able to do that in your operations. That's number one. And then the second one, Gary, is everybody wants to say, if something goes wrong, I want to be able to tell people that I did the right product, I did the right thing. I performed the task and a lot of our products connect with the central system in a factory recording and documenting that the torque -- the fasteners are applied correctly and that's helping drive it. So, the combination of the idea of being accurate in the moment and being able to do it with accuracy and ease on the line. And secondly, the document is helping torque go upwards. And that business grew both in profits and sales in the quarter. We like it. And as you know, we've been investing and doing it. We've been making quite a few investments, I mean, acquisitions and in expanding that business, we like that as a business going forward and it's essential in critical industries in a lot of different places.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Yes, sir. Good morning everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: David, thank you.
David MacGregor: Hey, good morning. I wonder if we could just -- a couple of just questions for the model. SFC order growth, I mean, you indicated last year in the third quarter, you saw mid-single-digit growth. Can you just give us some sense of what that order growth or decline might have looked like this year? And just how -- also with respect to the--
Nick Pinchuk: Go ahead, sorry.
David MacGregor: So, it was flat year-over-year or it was up mid-single-digits?
Nick Pinchuk: It was flat year-over-year. So, it's about the same as -- so in other words, we thought last year was a pretty good one. The problem coming out of the SFC, people slammed into the wall of uncertainty that they saw, say, sometime in like now, and they started to back away from their orders. Remember, the SFC ain't sales, it's orders. And so of course, getting a lot of orders or better than a poking eye with a sharp stick. But -- so we felt pretty good. Now, this year, we don't think there's any surprises on the horizon and people still order about the same amount. So--
David MacGregor: And Nick, when you think about the fulfillment on those orders from SFC this year and sort of the cadence or the timing of those orders, will there be anything different in terms of the pattern as they fall across 3Q and 4Q than last year?
Nick Pinchuk: The difference -- the little difference is this is that we didn't push it out quite as far and so it's a little shorter period. And we've planned some reinforcing promotions in between just have belts and suspenders on this kind of thing. So, we'll see how that plays out. That's the -- in terms of tools talk, that's what we're doing. But in general, differences, David, it's all -- okay, we got the same amount of orders as last year. If people don't see the same alarming uncertainty arising in front of them theoretically, it should go better. If they -- but on the other hand, you never know until you know in that situation.
David MacGregor: So, I just want to clarify, you got about the same number of orders as you did last year, but you shipped a little more in 3Q versus 4Q this year than you would have last year is what you're saying?
Nick Pinchuk: No, I'm not saying that. Yes, I am saying that. But in other words, when I say the same, I mean about the same amount of orders adjusted for the time that we sold these things. So, you're saying, okay, maybe last year, we sold in a couple of weeks -- had orders out in a couple of weeks in January. This year, we didn't have that. So, when I say the same, I'm kind of rating it out over the shorter period, and that's the same.
David MacGregor: Okay. And then a question for Aldo, on the Snap-on Tools gross profits up 100 basis points, you called out in your slide deck, price/cost and raw materials and RCI. You didn't mention the category mix with the stronger hand tools versus, say, diagnostics. Is that just an oversight? Or is there something that we should read into the way you've--?
Aldo Pagliari: Anything to read into it. I think that the product line -- the efficiency across the board is better. Broadly speaking, the cost of steel is down, particularly in some of the cold-rolled sheet steel that we use in the Algona factory. But that's one of the key contributors. And they just are a little bit more efficient with some of the new factory arrangements. Some of that investment has resulted in slightly better efficiencies. So they're just a little bit better at delivering the demand that was in front of them. And the product mix as Nick mentioned. Yes, hand tools gives you a little bit of favorability, but they were -- it was across the board.
David MacGregor: Okay. It sounds like maybe that category mix is not quite as bigger contributor this quarter as it has been in previous quarters. Is that your assessment?
Nick Pinchuk: I wouldn't necessarily say that. I don't know where you get that idea. I mean the point is that there's three pieces of this, as Aldo just said. It's the category mix, the product mix. There is -- there was -- as I said, there's efficiencies in the factory that are in there, RCI in the factory and there's some material costs. So, there are three things pushing. You're talking about the 100 basis point improvement, right? Yes, there are three things. What I was talking about in terms of profitability is an indication of the effect of the pivot. So, that helped our sales.
David MacGregor: Next question for me, just on fourth quarter, the Snap-on Tools segment again, you've got an easier compare on a year-over-year basis. You talked about the third quarter truck restock going on. I just -- how are you thinking about the growth puts and takes for 4Q in Snap-on Tools?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, that's a tough call. Look, we don't give guidance. There are a lot of variables going forward, but I like our chances. I'll say, it looks -- if you're talking about the Snap-on Tools Group, the Tools Group seems to have momentum. So, if you were me and you were sitting here and saying, look, I'm confronted with uncertainty, people want to go to lower payback items. I've seen our ability to cater to that, to meet that, to match that requirement. I've seen the factories come on stream. I've seen us launch new products that are compelling and strong. So, I like where we're going on this. I believe we're going forward with momentum. I can't predict the slope of the curve.
David MacGregor: Right. Okay. Last question for me. I wonder if you could just update us on franchisee attrition trends, can you just talk about what the typical experience is with growth performance when that route comes back to the operator--?
Nick Pinchuk: It's been about the same. It's been about the same for some time. It moves tenth of a point from quarter-to-quarter. And the fill rate varies depending on, well, can you find people, how are you -- we don't like to lower our standards. And if people leave in a certain area, do we have people in that area, we can easily find. And that's what drives the variation from quarter-to-quarter. I think that's good. One of the good things in the quarter was we saw the number of assistant as a percent of franchisees grow some. So, I like that structural point of view. It grew maybe a number of basis points, so upwards. The percentage seems to be moving upward in this era. So, I view that as kind of a sub-rows of favorable event that when we get orders uncertainty, that's going to accrue to our benefit.
David MacGregor: Right. And the repurchase of inventory from exiting franchisees, did that impact the growth number this quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: There were some of that, but I wouldn't have called it a significant change year-over-year or quarter-to-quarter. There's some of it. But I -- we don't really -- we haven't seen it to be something that I would report to the world and say, that's a significant thing. you ought to consider it. It hasn't changed that much. It can change from time-to-time, but not this quarter, wasn't a big.
David MacGregor: Okay. Thanks Nick. Appreciate it.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Luke Junk with Baird. Please go ahead.
Luke Junk: Good morning Nick. Thanks for taking my question. Hey Aldo. Good to catch up with you too. First one for me is on the Tools Group, 3Q up versus 2Q, a great outcome. Obviously, most years, it's the opposite, as you noted. I want to focus on the execution side. Clearly, the focus on quicker payback items is the same. But just the enabling activities, what do you think were the bigger contributors? Is it the capacity expansions helping incrementally, Milwaukee especially? Can you tie it back to getting the mix of promotions right? Is there something we should be looking at the tool carts? Is it all of the above, Nick? Anything you spike out?
Nick Pinchuk: It's probably some of all of that. But look, I think the thing is that we -- it's a combination of product development, to pivoting to producing some of the more popular products in the midst of a factory expansion, no easy exercise for a plant manager. And those two things kind of came together with, as Aldo said, a range of things. We had RCI up and down the corporate, both from a design point of view. So, we designed new products. In some cases, it allowed us to take advantage of material cost reductions. And so a lot of that all came together in this situation, driving the gross margin profitability 100 basis points. If you're talking about making the pivot in the sales, you're talking about pretty much getting closer to those quicker payback items and making them work and the factory being able to deliver better because we expanded the capacity. Remember, we entered this whole thing up to our eyeballs in orders, and we couldn't deliver. So, we expanded the capacity, and that's all sort of normalizing out. And the factories are able to get more in sync with the new products coming out, we're able to deliver better, and that's working.
Luke Junk: Got it. And then second, if you could just double-click on what you're seeing within diagnostics, specifically, we can see the number, obviously, in RS&I, but I'm wondering about Tools Group as well. RS&I flipped from down mid-single-digit last quarter to now up low single-digit. APOLLO+ is out there right now as a newer product, is that what we're seeing the RS&I number incrementally? Does Tools Group benefit from that as well, Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Tools Group does benefit. In other words, one of the good things in the quarter is year-over-year diagnostics were relatively stronger, mainly on the launch of this APOLLO+. I'm not saying they were incandescent, but they were pretty good in this quarter. And it was kind of artificially pushed with APOLLO+, but the APOLLO+ seemed to launch pretty well. It's early days because it's just introduced at the SFC. People got to see the guys on the floor, plugging into cars, showing how our databases can be wield and it's better, gives them great advantage. So, they went to the field enthusiastic about that. So, the sale was up substantially year-over-year and the activations are up nicely in the quarter. So, at least the launch looked pretty good. You got to see how it plays out and how much legs it has. But we -- what we like about it is it's the most cost-effective way to get intelligent diagnostics. And we think that tagline has some appeal -- has considerable appeal in the marketplace. So, that works pretty well. The big -- the other thing though that I think can get lost is in a number of different ways inside the Tools Group, which bleeds into both groups in RS&I and C&I -- I mean, and Tools Group is the rise of software. Subscriptions are up substantially. The titles are down, but in general, software growth is up nicely. And I don't have to tell you that, that's a nice profitability across the corporation. So, that's another factor going on in the Tools Group.
Luke Junk: Got it. Appreciate the color Nick. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Morning.
Bret Jordan: Hey in the Tools Group, I mean, you talked about improving momentum. Is that mix in the sense that the low value or the quick payback product is gaining share? Or are you seeing sort of a sentiment change at the shop level? Because it still seems like traffic is pretty sluggish from talking to parts distributors and the collision industry is still down, is it mix? Or is the mechanic sentiment improving?
Nick Pinchuk: Mechanic sentiment is not improving. The garages though -- I don't know who you're talking to, but the garages seem to be filled. The purchase of capital type equipment in the garages like collision is down, and that's -- it's kind of off the bubble a little bit, and that's seen in our equipment group. But the sentiment of the technician, remember, we're dealing with the tech in terms of Tools Group. You're not seeing that change very much. What you're seeing, though, is the Tools Group pivoting its emphasis to try to present to people attractive and buy now ideas that they don't have to finance for three years. They can just deal within 15 weeks. And so that's what we always said would work, and it has been working. So, that's what you see the comeback. And for us, I don't know if you caught the whole conversation, but for us, one of the real indicators of momentum, at least improvement and the traction that you're seeing in that pivot is the idea that the third quarter is up over the second quarter. We have seen that. And so that has to say there's some momentum in this situation. But it doesn't have to do with the attitudes getting better.
Bret Jordan: Yes. The guys who sell parts to the garages to say it's pretty sluggish. I guess, although, on the corporate expense modeling, I mean, could you help us a little bit with 2025, just given the variation in that, is there -- is running Q3 to Q4 sort of flat? Is that a rate we should continue into next year?
Aldo Pagliari: I'd say a little bit of hope here in my voice is that one of the reasons that we're lower this year is lower performance-based compensation expense. So, as we reset our plan objectives for 2025, usually you start the year assuming you're going to hit the target. So that means if that were the case, I'd more model 27-ish per quarter, something in that range. That's just how I would think about that, Bret. But this year, we're not growing as fast as we had expected coming into the year and therefore, that's one of the key reasons why there's performance-based compensation differences.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Another quick question. I guess, election outcome is one better for you than another. If we're going to tariff imported everything, does that make the Tools business less competitive? Or how do you think about that?
Nick Pinchuk: Who knows? You know what I mean, these guys -- look -- okay, you hear so many different things. We're not going to tax tips. We're not going to tax overtime. We're going to control prices. We're going to ding the supermarkets. We're going to tax unrealized capital gains. We're going to tariff the world. Welcome to the Mad Hatter's Tea Party. Nobody knows what actually is going to happen. So, you can't even make a pronouncement. Each of these could be -- we want to raise corporate tax. Each of these could be attenuating or not. It really depends on the details. I don't think you can discern anything from what these guys have been saying. Of course, if they care of everything in the world, that's probably -- it will take some adjustment for that. It will take some adjustment for sure. But maybe it helps people who sell in the markets where they produce. Sometimes that can happen over time. But boy, I tell you what, that's a torturous set of assumptions you have to make to come to any conclusion about which person would be best or would help us or hurt us.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Carolina Jolly with Gabelli. Please go ahead.
Carolina Jolly: Hi, thank you for taking my question. So, it sounds like within RS&I, software, and diagnostics, the higher-margin business is doing well. But can you remind me what's kind of happening in terms of the hardware in that business?
Nick Pinchuk: Say that again, please. I lost the last. You can remind me what -- remind you of what--?
Carolina Jolly: What's kind of happening in the hardware part of the business, the areas that might be a little more sluggish?
Nick Pinchuk: I mean -- well, look, I don't know. equipment was going gangbusters for a long time. That's under car equipment. It's like aligners and collision equipment and lifts and those kinds of things. And some of those product categories are up. Lifts happen to be up a little bit. But in general, these are capital-light expansions -- capital-light expansions in a garage. They're fairly big ticket items, and they're sold through direct and through distributors to the actual repair shop owner and manager. And what we're seeing here is a little back off an attitude. Some of it can be associated with the macro environment. Some of it could be saying, hey, I don't know, do I want to install something now and finance it at this level when the Fed is going to keep dropping interest rates by 50-point increments and maybe I'll wait a little while. So, our reports are a little bit like that, that people are saying, I need to put new stuff in because the complexity of the new vehicles need changes to manage it, just I want to wait a little bit. Now, on top of that, you would say that CDK's disruption and some of our people do say this, CDK's disruption in the quarter turned dealerships, I think they were at 40% of the dealerships turn dealership attention away from saying adding a lift or an aligner to just trying to stay at their head above water while they didn't have a computer system. So, some of that probably was in the quarter. It's hard to really document that and I don't know how much it was, but that was certainly -- that wasn't a favorable event for us that happened in the quarter. I'm trying to hang the reduction on that, but that piled on top of the uncertainty. So, that's what's happening. And we would think though that we kind of think this is shorter term than, say, the technicians' worries, a little bit more solvable. It probably gets solvable by maybe somewhat by the election and maybe somewhat by interest rates being more definitive. And the technicians, you're more talking about broad bad news for breakfast, things like, okay, two wars, the border is lousy. Everything seems to be crashing down. I'm saying we don't know what's going to happen in 15 weeks -- after 15 weeks, a little bit different.
Carolina Jolly: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Sara Verbsky for any closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to Snap-on the Snap-on Incorporated 2024 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's remarks, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Cole and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today as we review Snap-on's second quarter results which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick-off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads Tab in the webcast [ph], as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise discuss management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures financial performance which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our earnings release issued today which can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I'll start with the highlights of our second quarter and I'll provide my perspectives on the results on our markets and our path ahead. After that, Aldo will give you a detailed review of the financials. Our second quarter -- of course, there were challenges uncertainty remain prominent among our technician customers but our Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I Group, with repair shop owners and managers and our commercial and industrial or C&I group, enabling critical tasks outside the vehicle shop. They both progressed very nicely, taking full advantage of their opportunities and balancing the tech turbulence and tools. So our results in the second quarter are clear and unmistakable demonstration that Snap-on's principal value creating mechanism, observing work right in the workplace, using the insights learned to create products that make critical tests easier and more efficient, that works across many industries and in many environments. It highlights that our enterprise is not dependent on a particular customer base. We believe, it shows that as we move forward, reaching higher we do so with greater resilience and with expanding possibilities and with an enterprise that's broader and stronger than ever before. Like most quarters, we did have headwinds, we had opportunities with disparities from group to group and geography to geography. North America remained mixed with significant gains in critical industries. Internationally, our consolidated results were varied but reflected overall positive. Europe showed some signs of recovery among the scattered economic disruptions from region to region and the Asia Pacific markets registered progress overcoming the delayed recovery in China. So now, let's talk about the results. Second quarter sales of $1179.4 million was slightly down from the $1191.3 million of last year. on an organic basis, excluding $5.7 million in unfavorable foreign currency and $7.3 million from acquisitions, our sales were lower by 1.1%. The OpCo operating income or OI margin for the full quarter was 23.8%, up 50 basis points. Now with that said, that level included the benefit of a final payment from our recent legal win, excluding that addition, the OI margin was 22.8%, down from 2023 but still among our very best to pass the only by the recent -- by the record-setting second quarter of last year. For financial services, the OI grew to $70.2 million from the $66.9 million recorded in 2023. A number that when combined with our OpCo results, raised the consolidated OI margin to 27.4%, up 60 basis points over the 26.8% of 2023 and EPS, it was $5.07 which included a benefit from the legal payment of $0.16. Again, excluding that legal item, EPS was $4.91 still above last year and representing a new Snap-on level for any quarter, strength and progress against the wind. So those are the overall numbers. Now for a view of the market. The second quarter once again highlighted that the opportunities in automotive repair, they continue to be favorable, marked by the ever-expanding complexity of design, new and diverse powertrains. More interlocking systems to advance driving autonomy, arrays of drive by wire sensors, new body materials and an aging car park now averaging 12.6 years. The opportunity in vehicle repair exists industry-wide and they appear to be unwavering. The vehicle OEMs, the dealerships and the independent shops recognizes the positive trend and they continue to invest in tools and equipment that will expand their capabilities to support the influx of new models and the ever rising complexity of repair. And in the quarter, our RS&I Group expanded our reach into OEM dealership -- into OEM dealership programs and strengthened our position in independent garages with our repair management software packages and with great new hardware products. So the possibility, with repair shop owners and managers are strong, the outlook looking forward is quite positive and Snap-on is well positioned to seize the opportunities. Now let's shift to the technicians. These are the folks who turn the wrenches to make the diagnosis and execute the repairs. Again this quarter, I had multiple occasions to meet with the franchisees, the garage owners and the tech and it reconfirmed that the shops and the technicians are prospering. The micro data says it's true, repair hours are up. Tech wages are healthy. The demand for tech is strong and the number of techs are increasing. The number of tech is increasing. It makes sense, new systems, the rising complexity, the aging car park makes what the techs do more difficult and more valuable. So the economic trajectory of vehicle repair is quite positive. It's an attractive place to be. But it's also clear that while the techs are busy and have cash, their confidence in the way forward is still poor. Every day there is bad news. Two wars with no end in sight, the border unsettled, the shipping lanes disrupted, tit-for-tat with China, lingering inflation and the election, the election seems to get more unpredictable with every morning news cycle; the hits just keep on coming for bad news for breakfast. It's almost like the grassroots technicians have a fear of what may happen. And paraphrasing the movie Dune fear is the outlook killer. The franchisees also confirmed to us that with general uncertainty, the techs are leaning toward purchases that provide quick paybacks, while making the work easier right away. They're kind of cool on longer-term bigger ticket items. And knowing that, the Tools Group continues to focus on near-term product development, manufacturing changes and selling efforts that match those preferences. So now let's talk about the critical industries, where Snap-on rolls out of the garage, solving tasks of significant consequence. This is where the C&I group operates. And it's our most significant international presence. The area where we're most subject to global headwinds but the news was still reasonably encouraging. For the sectors, the critical industries kept rising in the period, the military, aviation and education segments led the way. For geographies, Europe was mixed. Several countries in recession and the ongoing impacts of the Ukraine war. Asia Pacific will also remain mixed. China was weak, driven by delayed financial recovery and Southeast Asia, again, had its difficulties. But -- both regions for C&I and for the corporation in total, were positive in the quarter despite the variations. Now speaking more - now I'd like to speak more about the critical industries, the demand for customized solutions to drive reliability and productivity keeps rising. And C&I continues to show significant and broader advantage in that arena and we believe there's more coming. So that's the market, vehicle tech, cash-rich but confidence poor. Preferring quick payback products. Repair shop owners and managers moving upward to match the car park and the critical industry is booming outside the garage. In C&I, so let's cover the groups now. In C&I, sales were $372 million representing an organic sales gain of 1.2%, excluding $7.3 million of acquisition-related sales and $3.8 million of an unfavorable foreign currency. Higher activity with customers based in those critical industries and the gains in Asia -- and a gain in Asia that defies the turbulence more than offset declines in our power tool and European-based hand tool operations. From an earnings perspective, C&I OI of $62.2 million, improved $4.1 million or 7.1% above last year. And the OI margin, it was 16.7%, up 70 basis points representing a new record for that group; gangbusters -- gangbusters for those guys. And the big driver was our International division. Continuing its upward trajectory with a double-digit rise and very strong profitability. About 18 months ago, we expanded our capability to make [Indiscernible] easier outside the garage by adding another building for industrial custom kitting, serving a range of critical segments and it's paid off -- it's paid off big. Since then, that business has been on a tear, [Indiscernible] cranking out more and more bespoke product bundles, sophisticated solutions like our automated tool control units that have become the standard for a range of industries. Custom kit offerings aimed at specific applications and at making the critical work easier and more reliable. It's driven some nice gains all around the world. And we believe we see many more possibilities in that arena. So we continue to invest in critical industries, expanding capabilities like in our custom tool machine in Kenosha, producing low volume, high reward items, for the most essential tasks. For example, visiting an oil drilling site. We saw that adding a section of pipe on the rigs requires technicians to move around the circumference constantly repositioning the turning tool. It's a slow and clumsy and imprecise effort. Our custom team tackled the problem designing both, a new bespoke – both a new bespoke wrench -- both designing a new bespoke wrench, specifically for the task and enabled by our new Kenosha machine shop configured a special machining process to produce it and it all worked. The special oil rig pipe wrench, greatly reduced the rework associated with misalignment and substantially decreased the task time, getting the job done more efficiently and more reliably and along the way, expanding the Snap-on reputation in the critical oil and gas sector. Also in the quarter, we introduced a new line of 14.4-volt micropower drills aimed specifically at diverse applications in aviation and general manufacturing. Test in all sectors vary from inserting wood screws to drilling accurate holes in airframe, to high volumes on production lines. To span the variety, each tool in the new line, and there is a range of them, is set to a different RPM range, enabling the tech to fit the speed to the job, substantially reducing rework or irreversible damages -- damage. The drill -- it's also designed for 2 operating states, the first slower. Allowing the tools to bite into the materials, securing a position for the serious drilling and the second stage, performing that serious drilling at the predetermined RPM, making a quick and clear cut. Our new industrial micro drills, 2-stage design, matched to the task, bringing new levels with accuracy, consistency and reliability to the work, it's a superior tool for the very task of those sectors and the customers have noticed. C&I in the quarter, launching customized solutions, maintaining its strong momentum in the critical industry, extending out of the garage and reaching new heights in profitability. Now for the Tools Group. Sales in the second quarter are $482 million included an organic decrease of 7.7%. The group's OI margin in the period was 23.8%, down 250 basis points due to the lower volumes. But gross margins held down 20 basis points, almost flat. The benefits of new product, manufacturing efficiencies and rapid continuous improvement, or RCI, is written all over those numbers. And during the quarter, we continue to focus our product development, redirect our plans and guide our selling programs toward innovative quick payback solutions that drive productivity. A cornerstone for the pivot is rooted in customer - in our customer connection, standing side-by-side with the technicians, observing the work, witnessing the difficulties of modern and complex repair and using the insights gained to create a tool that makes especially difficult tasks much easier. In the second quarter, those insights lead the Tool Group to design a new torque adapter for use on Ford E-Series commercial vans. The standard procedure for basic brake repair on that model, requires the rear caliper bolts to be torqued at over 160-foot pounds, not so easy. And the task made doubly difficult because the bolt is obstructed, making it impossible to access the area with standard tooling without removing auxiliary parts, a big [tie] (ph) meter. So we've specifically configured a 21-millimeter, 12.6 inch flat adapter with a half inch hex drive to make the work easier and to specification. The device nestles perfectly. Between the particular obstructions on the model, engaging the fastener, turning a time-consuming task into one of just seconds and freeing the tech up to tackle the next repair order. It's made in our Elizabethton, Tennessee plant and it brings great value to the techs working on the E-Series. And you know there's a lot of them. Another example is the still observed when we observed when removing a canister tap that houses the fuel filter on 4 Super Duty trucks. Access to the 32-millimeter hectare on top of cap is impeded by other components. Standard part or sockets are out. Seeing the problem. Our team created a special low-profile socket, tapered, gradually, just the slide into position under the blocking hoses and then using a standard ration and extension, easily removing the clamp of a tap [ph], complete the repair, a complicated [ph] -- and complete the repair, a complicated job made much easier. Produced in our Milwaukee plant, it's another quick buyback item that makes a substantial difference and the text a lot of it. A final example comes from observing technicians walking to and from the work piece; back and forth from their work to achieve standard flyers for basic test. A compact design seemed to be the solution. So we expanded our triple joint flyer line to develop a small 4.5-inch fire set with 3 models, a combination along those in a flank drive slip joint version for versatility and they were all pocket size to be always at the ready, call it out of your pocket and you're ready to go. And all designed to allow immediate access to remove low torque in place to pull through users, to adjust hoses or provide some additional gripping leverage for basic repairs or just inspections. The new units save steps and make work easier in tight spaces and they're offered in 2 handle models. A cushion grip addition to reduce hand fatigue and for the first time, our bare metal diamond plate texture that provides a superior grid even with sweaty or oily hands. Cold forge in the U.S., the new pliers a game changer. And the rollout was a huge hit, making our million-dollar hit product status just during the initial launch. Well, that's the Tools Group. Pivoting to technicians preferences, producing innovative, quick paybacks, making work easier, New tools matched to the task and guided by customer connection, bringing quick value to the text and you can see the value play out in the gross margins, bringing quick value to the tech. And you can see that play out in the gross margins, almost flat in the downturn. You can also see, I think, our unwavering support for the franchisees and the operating expense. It was about flat even in the turbulence, even in the downturn, even with the lower sales. We'll maintain our training, our programs and our efforts in the field. Even in this turbulence. You see, we believe the uncertainty will recede and we want the network to be strong and fully loaded when that occurs. Now for RS&I. Group sales of $458.8 million in the quarter, representing a $4.3 million or 1% organic increase that was partially offset by $1.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translations. Those gains reflected higher activity with OEM dealerships attenuated by lower sales in the diagnostics division, BOI margin, it was an even 25%, rising 60 basis points and among the group's best. The numbers reflect the strength of RS&I products and programs for repair shareholders and managers as we help them match the evolving challenges of [indiscernible] car park. Speaking of the product evolutions and our progress with OEM pores. The traditional method of lifting vehicles is becoming more complex with the onset of new hybrid and EV platforms. The batteries require changes in lift points to adjust for the different center of gravity on EVs. And to complicate the matter. Each model design presents a different problem. In response, we designed steel floor plates matched to particular models that service guides and positioning the vehicle in the exact location that puts the lift arms in the proper place for that vehicle, enabling a safe procedure and an easy lift. The OEMs and the shops, they enthusiastically seen the innovation as another a long line of the modifications needed to match the evolving car park. They need to facilitate to match that change and we're helping them do it. Another successful [indiscernible] release was the ProX1HD [ph] on vehicle break plate [ph], specifically for heavy-duty platforms like buses, fire engine and semi-truck, delayed cuts away in perfections and abrasion on a brake rotor surface -- the imperfections and abrasions on a brake’s rotor surface that always arise during regular operations. The result is a fully restored component that supports optimized brake performance without the need of a replacement. The previous choice for heavy-duty break repair work was the disassemble of break assembly or and either order new parts or smooth the rotor on a stand-alone bench lay [ph]; in either case, a laborious process. The new ProCut design avoids both the time and the effort to lift the heavy components off the vehicle and it eliminates the cost of new parts. We believe it's another changer. Garage owners have seen the value and we project that the ProCut will become the industry standard. Also in RS&I, C&I, a car aligner serves the vehicle collision market serves the vehicle collision market. Serves the vehicle fusion market with a number of heavy-duty items. A good example during the quarter is the release of our low profile frame bench innovatively designed holding the workpiece at an optimal height, making it easier for technicians to interact with the damaged vehicle. The bench is rugged for heavy collision work and integrates with our existing policy solutions that stretch and can torque the chassis back in position. The ability to raise and lower the benches in multiple positions while still engaging with the vehicle reduces fatigue with the user and makes the process much easier. The collision space is quite robust. By the changing vehicles. And Carline has been on -- and as such, Carline has been on a continuing positive trajectory. And the new bench makes our advantage of that market even stronger. RS&I expanding its res which shop owners and managers, confronting the increased complexity, focusing on developing innovations that simplify the difficult and help shops prosper along the way. Well, those are the -- for along the way. Well, those -- the RS&I quarter was quite strong. Well, those are the second quarter results, Tools Group down impacted by uncertainty, pivoting to customer preference, launching new product, holding the gross margins and maintaining the network. C&I and RS&I providing the multi-sector power of customer connection and new product recording strong profitability, balancing the headwinds of technician uncertainty and the overall corporation. Launching a broad range of products from tapered sockets to industrial power tools to collision benches, sales about flat, OI margin, 23.8% -- 22.8%, excluding the legal benefits, one of our highest and EPS $5.07, $4.91 excluding the legal item setting a new high. performance achieved against the wind. It was an encouraging quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $1.1794 billion [ph] in the quarter compared to $1.1913 billion [ph] last year. Reflecting a 1.1% organic sales decline and $5.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by $7.3 million of acquisition-related sales. Sales activity was similar to what we experienced in the first quarter, while our franchise van channel revenues continue to be dampened by afflicted technician confidence, our sales of repair shop owners and managers, again increased year-over-year. Encouragingly, activity with customers serving the critical industries remained robust. Consolidated gross margin of 50.6% compared to 50.7% last year, reflecting the lower sales volumes largely offset by savings from the company's RCI initiatives. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales of 26.8% compared to 27.4% laser. In the quarter, as noted in our press release, operating expenses included an $11.2 million benefit for the final payments received associated with the legal matter. The 60 basis point improvement in the operating expense ratio is primarily due to the benefit from the legal payments, partially offset by the effects of lower sales volumes. Operating earnings before financial services of $280.3 million in the quarter included a benefit from the lead payments compared to $277 million in 2023. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 23.8%, including a 100 basis point benefit in the legal payments compared to 23.3% last year. Financial services revenue of $100.5 million in the second quarter of 2024 compared to $93.4 million last year, while operating earnings of $70.2 million compared to $66.9 million in 2023. Consolidated operating earnings of $350.5 million which includes a legal benefit compared to $343.9 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 27.4%, including the legal payments, compared to 26.8% in 2023. Our second quarter effective income tax rate of 22.6% compared to 22.9% last year. Net earnings of $271.2 million or $5.07 per diluted share, including an $8.7 million or $0.16 per diluted share after tax benefit from the legal payments compared to $264 million or $4.89 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2023. Now, let's turn to our segment results for the quarter. Starting with the C&I group on Slide 7. Sales of $372 million compared to $364.2 million last year, reflecting a 1.2% organic sales gain and $7.3 million of acquisition-related sales, partially offset by $3.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic increase is primarily due to a double-digit gain in sales to customers in critical industries, partially offset by a low single-digit decline in the segment's European-based hand tools business and a double-digit reduction in the power tools operation, the latter mostly associated with lower intersegment sales. With respect to critical industries, defense-related sales are strong as it was activity in the aviation sector. Gross margin improved 220 basis points to 41.7% in the second quarter from 39.5% in 2023. This was largely due to the increased sales volumes and the higher gross margin critical industry sector, savings from RCI initiatives and 50 basis points of benefit from acquisitions. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales rose 150 basis points to 25% in the quarter from 23.5% in 2023, primarily due to investments in personnel and other costs and a 60 basis point impact from acquisitions. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $62.2 million compared to $58.1 million last year. The operating margin of 16.7% compared to 16% in 2023 and represented a new milestone of achievement for the segment. Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $482 million compared to $543.1 million a year ago reflecting a 7.7% organic sales decline and $800,000 of unfavorable foreign currency translation. And now I guess with the last quarter, the organic decrease reflects a high single-digit decline in our U.S. business, partially offset by a low single-digit gain in our international operations. Gross margin of 48.8% in the quarter declined 20 basis points from 49% last year and that's primarily due to sales -- lower sales volumes. Operating expenses as a percent of sales rose 230 basis points to 25% in the quarter from 22.7% in 2023, largely due to the effects of lower sales volume. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $114.8 million compared to $137.7 million last year, the operating margin of 23.8% compared to 26.3% in 2023. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $454.8 million compared to $452 million in 2023, reflecting a 1% organic sales increase, partially offset by $1.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic gain includes a high single-digit increase in activity with OEM dealerships, partially offset by a mid-single-digit decline in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers. Gross margin improved 50 basis points to 45.5% from 45% last year. primarily due to savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 20.5% improve 10 basis points from 20.6% last year. And the operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $113.6 million compared to $110.4 million last year. The operating margin of 25% compared to 24.4% reported last year. Now turning to Slide 10. Revenue from financial services increased $7.1 million or 7.6% to $100.5 million from $93.4 million last year, primarily reflecting the growth of the loan portfolio. Financial Services operating earnings of $70.2 million compared to $66.9 million in 2023. Financial services expenses were up $3.8 million from 2023 levels including $3.5 million of higher provisions for credit losses. Sequentially, the provision for credit losses was lower by $1.3 million. In the second quarter of 2024 and 2023, respective average yield on finance receivables were 17.7% and 17.6%. In the second quarter of '24 and '23, the average yield on contract receivables were 8.9% and 8.6%, respectively. Total loan originations of $308. 1 million in the second quarter represented a decrease of $18.2 million or 5.6% and from 2023 levels, primarily reflecting a high single-digit decline in extended credit originations, partially offset by higher originations of contract receivables. Consistent with the sales activity in the Snap-on Tools Group, extended credit origination to the U.S. declined and were only partially offset by growth in originations internationally. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.5 billion of gross financing receivables with $2.2 billion from our U.S. operation. For extended credit or finance receivables, the U.S. 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.6% is up 30 basis points from the second quarter of 2023 but down 20 basis points sequentially from the 1.8% reported last quarter. Turn 12-month net losses for the overall extended credit portfolio of $58.6 million represented 2.94% [ph] of outstandings at quarter-end. Considering the current environment, we believe the delinquency in portfolio performance metrics remain relatively stable and are consistent with pre-COVID experience. Now, turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $301.1 million in the quarter represented 108% of net earnings compared to $270.3 million last year. The increase as compared to the second quarter of 2023 largely reflects decreases in working investment and higher net earnings. Net cash used by investing activities of $60.2 million primarily reflected net additions to finance receivables of $41.2 million and capital expenditures of $23.2 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $127.9 million included cash dividends of $98 million and the repurchase of 174,000 shares of common stock for $47.4 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of quarter end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $271.1 million of common stock under our existing authorization. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivables decreased $7.8 million from 2023 year-end. Days sales outstanding of 60 days were unchanged from year-end. Inventories decreased $40.9 million from 2023 year-end. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.4 compared to 2.3 at year-end 2023. Our quarter end cash position of $1.2327 billion compared to $1.15 billion [ph] at year-end 2023. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $900 million available under our credit facilities. As of quarter end, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2024. For the full year, we expect that capital expenditures will be in the range of $100 million to $110 million and we currently anticipate that our full year 2024 effective income tax rate will be in a range of 22% to 23%. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing out. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Wow! that's our second quarter. A period of continuing turbulence borne out of the uncertainty in the grassroots detect, uncertainty on the near-term environment. Customers tech that are cash rich and confidence poor. But it was also a period where our value-creating mechanism observing past right in the workplace, connecting with customers and translating the insights in an innovation that can make critical tasks easier where that core of our business model demonstrated that if efficacy stretches well beyond our traditional customer -- technician customer base and it does so quite profitably. It was an interlude in which our Snap-on value creation processes showed its ongoing strength, particularly visible in the Tools Group, where it drove product value and operating efficiency that buttressed [ph] gross margins, that stayed close to about flat despite the lower volumes. And you can see that written all across the quarter. The Tools Group, an uncertainty driven decline in volume continuing an -- and continuing and unreduced support for its franchise network but with profitable quick payback products on RCI [ph] keeping gross margins at reasonable levels, offsetting some of the volume impact. RS&I, seizing the opportunity to help shop owners and managers, matching the rising vehicle repair complexity and doing it very profitably, achieving an OI margin of 25% one of its best C&I rolling out of the garage to -- in critical industries overcoming the recessions in Europe and the turbulence to grow in each feeder [ph], continuing the upward trajectory of its customized kitting business driving expansion in critical industries and achieving an OI margin of 16.7%, up 70 basis points; its highest ever. And it all came together for a positive performance for the overall enterprise. Sales; about flat against the uncertainty. OI margins, 23.8% -- 22.8%, excluding the legal payment, one of our very strongest, and EPS $5.07 -- $4.91 without the legal payment, the highest for any Snap-on quarter. It was an encouraging period. And we believe that with the strength of our business model, with the opportunities inherent in our broad markets and with the considerable and harm experience of our team, Snap-on will remain resilient in the turbulence, making the most of it is the abundant possibility to markets and we'll continue to advance making progress through 2024 and well beyond. Now before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly to our franchisees and associates. I know a lot of you are listening. The strength Snap-on has demonstrated in the turbulence and the associated advantages we carry into the days ahead have been created by all of you. the considerable capabilities you bring to bear every hour to have my admiration. For the significant success you've achieved in the quarter and for many periods before, you have my congratulations. And for the unwavering belief you hold in the future of our team, you have my thanks. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Luke Junk with Baird.
Luke Junk: To start with, just hoping we could get an update on the facility expansion projects that you have going on right now, both kind of progress incrementally timing and then how things are progressing versus your expectations? And to what extent you can leverage that to pivot the mix and really focus on those quicker payback items that folks are looking for?
Nick Pinchuk: [Indiscernible] is concerning what the...
Luke Junk: Facility expansions -- I think -- both, Milwaukee -- yes [ph].
Nick Pinchuk: Okay. It's only expansion, I can talk about that. Look, Algona added some space that's in place. They're starting to use it now. Now the thing is you use it but you figure out how to be more efficient. So just because it's in place and you're in the saddle doesn't mean it's going to work at high efficiency. But that's breaking some bottlenecks out there and allowing us to build things like we're bringing on a new workbench. We're bringing out a 36-inch small Epic toolbox that's smaller than we ever saw before -- than we've had before and therefore, it's a lower price situation. In other words, quicker payback items. So that's working in Milwaukee. We're expanding 25% and we've got -- we've expanded the machining area. Some of the machines are in. We're still delivering others because they were ordered, frankly, to adjust to a pivot. So we've had partial expansion of some of our flexible socket impact line and also some of our bit line. And we -- so that will be sort of developing through the expanding and getting better and bigger during the quarter. And as we move out, we'll get more and more efficient. And then we're building probably for the fourth quarter and first quarter, we're building the more capacity into the plating line up there because we expand in Elizabeth on another hand, that's where we make the wrenches [indiscernible]. We've expanded the plating line already there and that's up and operating and we're putting more machines in there to fill another expansion to build more effective ranches using cold forming to reduce the near net ship and making -- raising our capacity for those -- for ratchets in that situation. And we're expanding our adjustable rent capacity down there because it's in demand and we can't build enough of them. So you have to -- that will give you some examples, I think, in terms of outgoing -- and it's I think it increases by about 25%. In Milwaukee increased by 25%, Alcon's 30%, and Elizabeth -- will be 35% at the end. So -- and then, so they're all in place. Some of it is working, some isn't. But what it has done is it broken some of the difficult workarounds we've had in the places. So part of the things you see in gross margin in some of the efficiencies that are coming out of the already partial expansions being completed and up and running.
Luke Junk: That's very helpful. Could you maybe comment on tool storage, specifically in the quarter [ph] the benefit, I think, already in the first quarter of you having the capacity in place and flexing it like you just spoke to, did the growth continue in the second quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: The product line -- every product line in this quarter was more balanced. Every product line was down some in the quarter. And big ticket, you saw the originations. I think originations were down more originations which is a surrogate for big tool -- for big ticket sales and longer payback sales was down more than the Tools Group was down in the quarter. So the big scans were a smaller percentage of that. Now that was led, Diagnostics was probably the big player in that because diagnostics was comparing to a launch of the SOLUS+ last year. So a non-launch quarter you can have different comparisons with that in this quarter like this with the launch quarter. But generally, tool storage, if you're talking about the efficacy of tool storage, One of the things this is doing is allowing us to sell and pivot to provide people the accessories, the benches, the cards that technicians are more receptive to in this situation. So that will accrue to us. It's a question of how quickly we can get that burned in to the Algona production process. It's working a little bit now. But in the quarter, technician uncertainty, I think, was a little higher this quarter. So you probably like you might see the conditions are a little more uncertain. And so I think the ticket was down again.
Luke Junk: And then lastly, just given the uncertainty in terms of tax right now, do you meter or change your approach to the SFC all this year just in terms of promotions and positioning and could it be maybe a venue to refine your approach in this more unsettled environment kind of exiting this year into '25 [ph]?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, yes. I mean, the thing -- the -- look, not the overall thing. The overall thing is the SFC is 3 purposes. Before. One is we have a training seminar, -- we're going to train the heck out of things, things we think need train -- some of those are smaller ticket diagnostic units, some of them are handles and so on. So we're working on those things in the SFC. We're going to continue that because we're going to continue to support. Like I said, we want to be a full sprint on fully loaded when we come out of this difficulty with the Tools Group and our network. And then we have kind of a tool show which is several football fields and you want to let the people touch the tools and that's where we'll have some change because we'll be trying to emphasize the quicker payback items which we think that technicians want. For example, one of the warm-up promotions for the SFC was the Super 7 which is filled with the hand tools, wrenches and ratchets and hammers and torque units. And it did go pretty well. It did get subscribed almost as a sellout. So we're going to try to push in that situation. So we'll be trying to emphasize by physical presentation and by verbal urging the idea of quicker payback items, not completely neglecting tools further diagnostics in that situation. And then -- the other thing about the SFC, you need the SFC, I think, because you don't touch your franchisees that often and we all want to give them a message and reinforce that they have listed their economic future with a strong and robust business called [indiscernible].
Operator: And our next question will come from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Patrick Buckley: This is Patrick Buckley on for Brett. On the RS&I, could you talk a bit more on the dispersion between the OEM dealer customers and the independents. Is that independent shop softness similar to what you're seeing in the Tools Group? Just more cautious given the backdrop? Or is there something else there?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, remember that that's characterization. We are strong in the dealerships because the OEM programs have been strong, the change the idea -- that was the purpose of the Lyft discussion with is that really the OEMs are coloring up or are raising their game to match the different drivetrains and the more autonomy and the OEMs are launching programs to do that. and either associated with new models and new capabilities like demonstrated in Lyft. So you see that and that is marking. That business grew again high single digits in the quarter. So that is Boeing is underpinning that. And also, it's around the -- some of the software in that business with our electronic parts catalog. Now if you pivot, it's a little more complicated situation with the independent because flowing through RS&I is the diagnostics. They have the Diagnostics division because of its dependence on the information basis which are integral to other RS&I products. So diagnostics like big ticket was down in the Tools Group. So that dragged down some of the RS&I volume. If you look at our RS&I C&I, both sell to power tools and C&I diagnostics and ours. And if you look at them, they were up, I think the number was 1% organically at RS&I 1.2% organically in C&I. But if you looked at it externally, excluding sales to the Tools Group, internal sales, C&I was up 3.9% organically. And RS&I was up over 4%. And so it's a little more complicated description of that. We described it that way based on the efficacy of the actual reported numbers. So we do see some progress in independent shops, particularly with our direct sales businesses. You see one of the things that is happening in RS&I and coming out in RS&I is that when we can get up and sell directly to the customer with our, I think, really strong product line and broad, we do pretty well. We're still doing pretty well. But a part of that business goes through distributors. And when they go through distributors, we're seeing a pull off of that business. We saw it particularly in some of the RS&I businesses. So I don't think it's the independent shops. I think it's the distributors themselves or maybe getting a little white knuckle at this time and maybe taking down some of their inventories, some of those distributors. So you're seeing that over here. It's kind of a complicated complicate around late summarized. We're doing pretty well with the dealerships. We're doing well selling to direct independent shops which means they're doing pretty well and they're doing -- they're still robust. But the intermediaries are a little bit more reluctant.
Patrick Buckley: Got it. That's helpful. And then within the Tools Group, could you talk about how pricing compared to units during the quarter? Or maybe just additional color around how successful these lower payback items are and improving volumes and how that mix is affecting things?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, the price per unit is a lot lower. So you've got to sell a lot more wrenches to make up for a tool storage box, that's pretty important. And that can weigh on your volume. But I would offer to you, you need to look no further than gross margin. Margin down 20 basis points with a -- what was it, 7.7% organic sales down, gross margin down 20 basis points -- how does you think that happened? Well, it happens because the new tools you bring out. The new ranches, the new tools we're bringing out, they are selling at good margins -- that doesn't mean we're pricing the existing businesses but a lot of these new tools and a lot of them are rolling out we got rent ships and ratchets and extensions and things that are especially made after the E-Series and the Super Duty trucks we talked about. People are willing to pay big premiums or that kind of stuff and it's playing out in the gross margins. part of the story about the Tools Group is, we held the margins pretty well and we kept spending at lower volumes. We didn't back off of the SG&A supporting the franchisees. So in effect, we could have blunted the volume even more if we didn't want to we didn't believe that the sun is coming out again and we want to be at full strength. So those are the balances. Gross margin is a big -- if you look at the gross margin overall the corporation, C&I is up 220 basis points RS&I up 50 basis points. The overall corporation is 5.6%, only down 10 basis points. So what you're seeing in our financials are, boy, we're still pretty robust. That's why I love the idea of C&I and RS&I Boeing up the turbulence of the Tools Group because if you look at the overall business, you say, hey, this business at the gross margin level looks pretty healthy.
Operator: And our next question will come from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: Just wanted to address the corporate expenses look like they were down and I would assume that's the impact of the legal settlement, right?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Except -- down, I don't know, like, what, $18 million or something like that? Maybe equal change. Okay. This hands me to tell you this, there, pains me nearly you got $11.2 million, I think, for the legal settlement and [indiscernible] change for reduced management stock-based compensation and bonuses estimated for the. So it hurts me to tell you that on this call. But in fact, that's a difference in this quarter.
Gary Prestopino: Right. And I could also see the stock comp was down. And I guess what I'm getting at is that looking forward in the back half of the year, should it be some -- without the impact of any legal settlement? Should it be somewhere between $20 million and $25 million a quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: I more at the top end of that. I would think more of the top end of that, actually. That's it I think.
Gary Prestopino: The other question I want to ask you is quite obvious that there's a slowdown here in the buying of diagnostic equipment. Some of it deals with the fact that you just had a great year last year. But when does it get to the point where the technician or the shop starts falling behind, if ever, if that occurs really with not upgrading their diagnostic product. And my understanding is that with these products, it really speeds up your production being able to repair cars. So does that start coming into play here as we work deeper into this?
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. It does. I think -- this is the thing. I think you've got 2 things going on. One, I hate to say the comparison but it is true that we launched a new product last second quarter and you're comparing against that. But you also have the technicians clear aversion for bigger ticket items at this point. They don't want to -- they're less like, you can see it broadly in the originations. They're gravitating towards other things. I was with franchisees and garage owners and Syracuse and in Atlanta and I had all the regional guys in here and I was watering them for probably longer than they wanted to be questions -- and they all said the same thing. People are starting -- they're just worried there's a fear in the situation of where they're going. So they don't want to get embroiled and pay them back over years as much. They're a little more conservative about that. They're not probably in the spending. So you see but your overarching point is quite true. Eventually, people have to say, people do say, boy and it's like it you could -- the car nowadays usually be able to take the car by sound. Now you have to look at the -- most we'll have to look at the trouble codes and try to the troubled points mean and then try to fix it. That's what scanners they tell you the trouble codes are. Those are the simpler and competitive diagnostic unit. But ours, what we confirmed in the legal settlement, we have a proprietary database that will take those data points, those data points, those trouble codes and decaled them tell you what's actually wrong with the car. Right now, the previous that, you can only scan, you have to figure that out for yourself. Our database will put you right on target. So eventually, as the cars go up in complexity, people aren't going to be able to -- just like they haven't been able to read now, they're not able to read the even get an idea about the car, even start without knowing what the trouble costs. In the future, they're going to have to be able to decode the trouble code because it's going to get even more complex and you see that weighing on the situation. And so we expect that to all figure out. That will all come out in the next -- over the next period. We'll be launching new diagnostics which will have new hardware and our software keeps getting better. Now one of the things we do see, Gary, is supporting your point is people who have diagnostics really fall in love with them and so they want to update their software. Our subscriptions are going up. Part of the reason why the tools was able to hold its margins is because it's software content is moving upwards. So people value it but eventually, they're going to want hardware.
Operator: Our next question will come from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Nick, let me just ask you about sort of the second half and expectations here. I mean given second quarter negative organic growth in Snap-on tools. Does that suggest second half growth should be negative as well. And I mean, 2Q was not a challenging compare. And so I guess I'm just wondering how much forward visibility you have given the truck inventory levels and pre-SFC order growth?
Nick Pinchuk: Well. I don't know. I think I wouldn't have said that Q2 last year, you're right. On a year-over-year basis, if you just look at year-over-year, Q2 last year was down. It wasn't down, it was tepid, let's say. So it wasn't -- in that space, it wasn't as strong. But if you look back, if you look sequentially the movement between the first quarter and the second quarter isn't that much different in the last year versus this year. So it's not so inconsistent. It isn't like it isn't like that's a big difference. If you're talking about the second half, boy, there's a lot of things going on. One is that for some time, so it's hard to judge what the second half would be like. You're not going to get me to say that it will be negative in the second half because we have plants, we think provide some overcoming to that. And for some time now, for several quarters, the sales off the van have been bigger than the sales to the man on a year-over-year basis. Now we saw some of that change towards the end of the quarter. So I don't know where it's going to go. If you want to look at it -- so from a -- I would say when you look at it from an operational point of view, do you think sooner or later, this is going to have to play out more positively. But then when you look at uncertainty, your guess is as good as mine about how the uncertainty is going to play out. It seems to me as though, like I said in my remarks, the hits just keep on common. And so does anybody think -- if you look at the uncertainty in the world that it's less uncertainty -- or is the same today as it was, say, 3 months ago? I don't think so. I don't think so. And so you hear that out of the technicians. I don't know where it's going the third quarter or the fourth quarter, it's hard to say. But I think there's some positives that would mitigate towards positivity, the things we're doing the product we're bringing out the pivots we're making. But on the other hand, if you look at the macros, it's a black hole. You don't know it's very opaque. So your guess is good as mine in that situation. All I know is the only thing I can control is to try to do the pivot to try to match what the technicians and take advantage of every opportunity we have and the message of this quarter is, is that RS&I and C&I, show that the model works in those places and I can make a lot of money and they provide good offsets.
David MacGregor: Right. Nick, you -- the operating expenses in the second quarter in the Snap-on Tools segment deleveraged. You characterized that mostly as volume-related I guess it sounds now like you're about to lean more heavily into training and maybe advertising and promotions. And I'm just wondering how you expect that OpEx to continue deleveraging, in the second half?
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know. What happened -- my view on the second quarter, you may have a different view of it might view the second quarter was, we didn't back off. We kept spending the same. We spent a little bit more [indiscernible].
David MacGregor: So we continue doing that in the second half?
Nick Pinchuk: More volumes. So I'm not talking that I'm going to sally forth with a lot more expenses but I'm holding the support I'm holding a support. We're doing what we do only we're adjusting it to match the current situation. I didn't mean my comments before that we're going to open the plug dates and spend a lot more. I didn't mean that. What I meant is I'm holding because I thought we were doing a pretty good job of supporting before. Now I think we held that in the second quarter. We'll probably do that again but it will be a different array versus the match to the current environment.
David MacGregor: Got it. And then can you just talk about cadence within the quarter? You mentioned a moment ago in responding to the question that your trucks were destocking right up until late in the quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, right.
David MacGregor: I was just going to get you to talk about cadence. Please go ahead.
Nick Pinchuk: Cadence was pretty, I think, consistent throughout the quarter. I think towards the end of the quarter, we had less destocking events in the last month or so. that's a positive. However, sometimes, I'll tell you, David, sometimes that happens because it's the last month. So it's hard for me to interpret whether that's a last month phenomenon that happens once in a while, not uncommonly but not all the time. It hasn't happened recently but it did happen. So maybe that's a positive. It's not for us to predict that out of the 1 month. But I think if you go back through the quarter, it was about the same levels. The relationship was the [indiscernible] except for the land.
David MacGregor: And your early July experience wouldn't give you a framework for interpreter?
Nick Pinchuk: No. It's too early. And then you got too much stuff floating through July. Somebody asked me, not on the call but asked me well, are people pulling back in early July, waiting for the SFC, the responding -- we did have, like I said just a minute ago, we had the Super 7 program that rolled out and seemed to be pre well received with this full array of hand tools. We gave him a great jackpot blast the hand tools for this promotion. And that seems to get enthusiasm up and it's pretty close to expectation. I think it was the kind of sellout type of things or close to sell it. So that seemed to go okay. But that is an evidence to proclaim where the world is going. It's better than a pulp in the Iowa to sustain but you're not going to be able to -- can't extrapolate to -- it's dangerous to extrapolate out of that too much. Now I hope it is. The flood gates go up and everything is going to go well. Happy days are here again.
David MacGregor: Last question for me. Last question for me, if I could. Just on credit. I mean what are you seeing increase in RA transfers? And what would originations look like without the RA transfers and Credit penetration [ph].
Aldo Pagliari: The mix of activities is pretty much similar to last quarter. So no, they have not pivoted to RA transfers as a method of funding activity on demand or anything like that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Stember with Roth MKM.
Scott Stember: Nick, is there a way of trying to see how much of the tool sales decline is really just based on the fact that you still don't have the available capacity to make product? Just trying to frame that out -- and If you can't do that, maybe just give us an idea of when would you expect to have all of the capacity and all the bottlenecks could up to make sure that you're at least making what they need?
Nick Pinchuk: You're thinking towards the -- if everything is in place, it gets better every Dick's got. You know what I mean, we get for every day in that situation. Because some of the capacity is in there and so the machines are there. Well, for example, we're half -- we're 50% of the expand we wanted in Flex stock in Milwaukee. So that's helping us but it's not enough. And so you've got adjustable wrenches, not enough. You've got some of the smaller ticket tool stores, not enough. So we're getting out of those. On the other hand, it's hard for me to say how much really would play out. I mean that would give you a legal boost. So, I do think you saw -- as you know, in the quarter, when you're selling small -- when you pivot to smaller kit items, you got to sell a lot of wrenches to make up a tool storage box. So it tends to put a, what I would call, a weight on your overall revenue. But I think you saw some of that in this quarter. We're trying to fill up the bucket on that but -- it's going to take us a while to do. Now, third quarter will be better than the second and the fourth quarter will be better in the first quarter after that will be better. So when the -- translating that in the revenue and profit numbers, it's hard for me to say, really hard for me to say. So I can't really put a number on it.
Scott Stember: And then, just last question. When you're talking with the shops and just with your franchisees, what are you hearing about how your competitors are faring at least at the shop level -- just trying to sense if there's a share loss or...
Nick Pinchuk: I don't -- tell you the truth, competitors shop guys or tech never really mentioned the competitors to me. So -- but I don't know. I'm a CEO. So I'm not so sure they would I don't know. But they never really -- you go into the shop, you'll see -- you can see, I don't see any increased presence of the competitors. I will tell you that when I talk to franchisees, or I talked to our regional sales developers, we're all in here for 12 hours in a room with me. They didn't mention the competition really. I think we would say that the enemies we have are mostly uncertainty and us. So we're trying to -- the speed at which we can pivot helps some of the problem but the uncertainty will still lay over even when we fully pivoted. So you kind of got that going on. We don't see any incursion in -- that doesn't mean we don't look that headed product with a fine tooth comb and try to figure out, well, do they have something we don't have? Can people say it's better? What is their pricing, how do they deliver? How do they support what kinds of things can it do for the customer? We do that all the time. But I don't think that's part of our problem. It does appear to be. Usually, the competitors are selling to a different customer base actually.
Operator: And our next question will come from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Was just first curious about net cash position now, the remaining repurchase authorization is a small proportion of your liquidity. So your kind of balance sheet positions in a different spot than I've seen in past years. I'm wondering how you think about that?
Nick Pinchuk: I'm bit about it. But look, I think you have to reassess how we're going -- I mean the thing is we -- I think you know our view of cash usage going forward, capital usage. And the first idea is to make sure our business is fully funded. Secondly is we look at the dividend which -- the dividend is coming up and we have paid a dividend every quarter since 1939 and we have never reduced it. So we assessed that in perpetuity -- sorry, guiding principle. But we have increased the dividend. I think now every quarter for almost 13 years, if we lease it again, it will be the 14. I'm not giving you any insight information about whether we're going to increase or go flat or anything but we'll be looking at that pretty carefully. Then we have acquisitions which we're constantly looking at -- and you've heard the story before that we have this landscape. In fact, we have guided as we speak, looking at other acquisitions. And I don't know if they'll play out or not because we're careful with our money. And then we have stock buyback which you already pointed out, as an authorization now that's a little bit less than it was before. And so we'll have to assess that as we go forward. That's how I'm thinking of it really.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And my follow-up, just back to SOT curious if there's any interesting geographic dispersion. We've got an entry here, lots of regions, different economies to a degree on the incremental weakening, you seen any kind of dispersion in regions?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I can tell you this. In the last 6 months, I've met with franchisees and customers in almost like in the Midwest, in the East just recently in Syracuse in Atlanta and the Southwest. And there hasn't been that much difference. That's one stretchers. I think there's uncertainty, we saw this before. I do think the grassroots economy is impacted by the uncertainty broadly and the text may be among -- maybe the techs are special because car repairs continues robust. So there are -- a lot of people are confident poor but the techs are also cash rich in that situation. So that may be that may be part of the issue. I don't see much. And I talked to our regional guys, all 9 meters were in here. Any there's some differences and we try to look at those differences and try to figure out maybe should we facilitize more. Are they -- are those operations? We haven't been able to come up with much actually. So I don't see much difference even though you would say there would be you don't really -- you get the same story from text everywhere.
Christopher Glynn: Do you think tax did get hit with more regulatory and compliance costs?
Nick Pinchuk: The tax, I don't know. I don't think the tax, the garages may be. The garages might get more regulatory compliance costs. I don't think the tax is so much. They don't mention it so much, I think. I don't hear that but I just -- small businesses, I mean the national soul change [ph] in manufacturing goes while over regulations, you know. They talk about how much it cost, they say it for every small manufacturer. So every small manufacturer has to pay $35,000 per employee per year in regulation costs. So I think by extension, you would say small businesses like garages would have that problem. But I don't think the tax [ph] would be burdened with it.
Operator: And our next question will come from Tom Hayes with CL King.
Tom Hayes: Thanks guys. Appreciate you fitting in. Just quickly, Nick, maybe any color you could provide on what you're seeing on the positive side on the critical industries. I think you guys called it out as a bit of a bright spot. Is there anything maybe on avionics or military or natural resources that stands out?
Nick Pinchuk: You mean booming as it is, is that the. Yes, no -- [indiscernible] up double digits again. And the military has been consistently strong a cool thing is we include education in the critical industries because we believe it's critical to influence. And one of the things about it is the education business has been up nicely. And what that says is the young people are Hungary for Snap-on products. And so that's a cool thing for us. We really like that. So you see that. I don't have anything in terms of, boy, it seemed like aviation was strong this quarter and I would expect to continue -- and you have to believe, given the Boeing situation that customers in aviation would be pretty anxious to be able to have accuracy and documentation which we offer in spades in our product for that particular industry and I think that's driving some of it. I think the military is obvious. I think the military -- every nation is on edge. For example, you have countries in Europe who are looking to double their military and they're coming to us to help them upgrade to manage their fleet of claims. And so you see some of that. So I think those 2 types of general trusts are working. But you also see in general industry were strong. The overall industry is strong because I think the industry in this time is looking for efficiency and repair is efficiently, the quicker you can do it. Now the overarching thing that we're noting is that in all these industries, they're looking for customized products that will match their particular problems because the critical industries is replete with those opportunities and tasks where you have to have a particular array of products to match them. That's why the custom kitting is doing so well. We almost have not many competitors in this situation as a manufacturer. So that is really working for us. And it seems like whatever whenever we give the industrial group one way, they run the daylight and take it. So I think we're pretty good about that position, that business.
Operator: This will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Sara Verbsky for any closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2024 First Quarter Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today as we review Snap-on's first quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Although will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or that otherwise discuss management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I'll start with the highlights of our first quarter. I'll provide my perspectives on the results, on our markets and our path ahead. After that, Aldo will give you a detailed review of the financials. We believe that our first quarter once again demonstrated Snap-on's ability to maintain its strength to engage headwinds, to manage challenges and to leverage the multiple opportunities of our markets. Looking at the results in total, we are encouraged. Like most quarters, we had turbulence from geography to geography and from operation to operation. North America was mixed, but with significant gains in critical industries. Internationally, our consolidated results were also mixed, but yielding overall positives as our operations in Europe and Asia overcame the effects of recessions in Europe and the delayed recovery in China. Now the results. First quarter sales were $1,182.3 million about flat to last year on an organic basis, excluding $6.7 million from acquisitions and $2.5 million from favorable foreign currency our sales were lower by 0.8%. OpCo OI was $270.9 million, an increase of $11.1 million and the Opco operating margin for the quarter was 22.9%, up 90 basis points. Now both those numbers benefited from the legal payment referenced in our release. But with or without that legal flow, our first quarter Opco OI and the margin were among our best. It's a strong statement given the turbulence of the day. Financial Services. Operating income grew to $68.3 million from last year's $66.3 million, and the results combined with Opco to raise our consolidated operating margin to 26.5%, up over the 25.6% recorded last year. And EPS, it was $4.91, including a per share benefit from a legal payment of $0.16, but up $0.31 or 6.7% from last year. So those are the numbers. Now let's turn to the markets and the trends we're seeing as we connect with our customers. From an overall perspective, we believe the automotive repair arena remains favorable. Vehicle OEM and dealerships continue investing in tools and equipment, preparing for the tie to new models, bringing the latest technology and drivetrains to the market. And in the quarter, our Repair Systems & Information Group, or RS&I, as we call it, expanded our reach into OEM programs and took advantage of the opportunities throughout its global footprint. And as we look forward, we see further prospects for RS&I capitalizing on that trend supplying dealerships and independent garages with just the products they need to confront the wave of modern platforms that are coming. So the shops are strong. Now let's speak of a technician. The guys and gals that twirl the wrenches, punch the keys, or tap the screens. This quarter, I have multiple occasions to visit with franchisees. And the report was generally that shops are humming, the bays are running at full capacity, and all that mirrors what the macro data says naturally. The car park is continuing to age. Now at an average of 12.5 years, and I think moving up, technician wages are rising and their hours worked are increasing. We believe it all signals ongoing and robust demand for repair. And you know it's true. The activity is strong, but there is a difference between the industry overview and the technician outlook for the future and by extension, their purchasing sentiment. The barrage of bad news, inflation, towards the border, the Red Sea, the election, the Iran bombing for the people of work, the fear of what's coming around the corner impacts the outlook and paraphrasing the characters of Dune, fear is the outlook killer. It erodes confidence. Techs are well positioned, and they continue to invest but it's in quick payback items that will make a difference right away, but don't require a long-term payment stream. And in response, we're continuing to redirect – we continue to redirect the Tools Group focus in our design efforts and our facility capacity and our selling and marketing efforts, working to match the current customer preference. So that's the auto repair. Now our Commercial and Industrial Group or what we call C&I, serving critical industries in the most international of all our groups, and in the quarter, C&I manages the difficult challenge of balancing multiple economies that are in economic turbulence. Europe now has more than half a dozen countries in technical recession. And then China – in the China environment, including the nearby countries, depending on it, they continue to struggle. India on the other hand, it's booming. Modi has the train running. So that's a positive in Asia amidst some very difficult economies. So that's the geographies. Now let's focus on the sectors. Areas like aviation continue to be strong. You don't have to read the paper very long to realize there's a significant focus on aerospace production and repair where the price for failure is high, and that arena is increasing demand for our precision torque products and for our asset control solutions to improve safety and productivity. In addition, in that sort of critical arena, custom kits, matching a set of items to a particular task it may it's an important business, especially for the military, both domestically and internationally. And with that, Critical industries is a substantial opportunity, and we are investing, expanding capacity, adding new products either organically or through the acquisitions we made over the last few years worth fortifying our runways for growth, extending outside the garage, and we know it’s paying off. So overall, the quarter was favorable despite the headwinds, Tools Group pivoting, RS&I expanding with OEMs, C&I extending beyond the garage solving the critical. And the OpCo OI percentage demonstrated once again the power Snap-on’s value creation processes, safety, quality, customer connection and innovation and rapid continuous improvement, developing innovative solutions that are born out of insight and observations right in the workplace. This understanding melded with RCI, helps Snap-on to once again hold fast in the turbulence of the day. Well, that's the macro overview. Now let's move to the segments. In the C&I Group, sales were $359.9 million, representing a decrease of $3.9 million or 1.1%, and that includes $6.7 million in acquisitions, acquisition-related sales, $1.4 million in unfavorable foreign currency and an organic decline of 2.5%. It all reflects higher activity with customers in critical industries, more than offset by weakness in Asia-Pacific and in our power tools. From an earnings perspective, C&I operating income was $55.4 million. That was about the same as last year. The operating margin was 15.4%, up 10 basis points, and that was despite 30 basis points of headwind from currency and the acquisitions. Within the quarter, the demand for custom kits, addressing particular critical tasks remain nicely robust with increased demand for control solutions like our Automated Tool Control products. It was a nice bright spot in C&I. On the other hand, power tools was down in the quarter, but help is on the way. Tuning power tool models born out of customer connection were recently introduced, each fulfilling specific needs for – each fulfilling specific needs. For repair garages, we launched the PH3045B AirHamer. This is a tool that replicates the effect of swinging a hammer and hitting a sizzle except the device, hurdles the hammer 3,500 times a minute. Vehicles are filled with components like ball joints, wheel bearing, suspension bushings that are packed in tight fit for maximum efficiency. This assembly can be a bear. We know this from being in the garage. While with our new AirHamer, the easy-to-use retainer securely holds a chisel in place while the piston sledge hammers away. It's powerful. But at the same time, the compact two-inch barrel – the two-inch barrel enables the access in tight spaces, delivering tremendous power, speed and energy with unlimited run time. It's a real productivity enhancer, but the essential feature born out of watching the technicians in the shop is the best-in-class vibration reduction, created by special elastomer shocks, allowing the mechanic to pound away at these suspension components without fatigue or paying, no more store arms from hammer work. The new hammer was introduced late in the quarter and techs have already noticed. Also on power tools, our cordless portfolio expanded with the introduction of a new 18-volt nibbler designed for collision repair and metal fabrication. It's a big time saver. It speeds up work that once involve hand shears or other devices, help technicians cut any free-form shake conceivable out of tough sheet metal. Again, the design resulted from customer connection from watching the tech struggle with shears. Our new nibbler makes a big difference when cutting in defenders extracting a damaged panel or cutting a ceiling of a car accommodating installation of a sunroof or creating a place anywhere in the vehicle for placing emergency lighting, shining away for first responders. I have to tell you, I have to tell you, we are encouraged by these innovative new products. And by all the others we're planning to introduce as the days go forward. We know work and they all will make a difference right away. C&I, a quarter confronted with international headwinds, strong momentum in domestic markets, led by critical industries, extending out of the garage with growing strength. Now let's talk about the Tools Group. The first quarter for the Tools Group was below our standard. However, we do remain confident, and we do see a pivot to focus on quick payback items registering a positive momentum and movement. Sales in the quarter were $500.1 million, including – reflected an organic decrease – including an organic decrease or reflecting an organic decrease of 7%. The Group's operating income margin was 23.5%, down 100 basis points. Notably, gross margin in the quarter rose 90 basis points, reaching 48.2%. You see shorter payback margins aren't shorter on profitability. During the quarter, we worked to redirect our plants, guide our franchisees to innovate solutions that drive productivity, and we kept engaging our customer connection, observing the task executed in the bay and using the insights to design and deploy innovative and focused products offerings that are dedicated to making work easier, like two new products, just engineers – just engineered to address time-consuming tasks where simple repairs are made complex by limited – made complex by limited accessibility or by seized components that slow the work to a snail's pace. You can see it in the garage. For instance, on General Motors, 6L80 and 8L90 transmissions, the valve body bolts are obstructed by the exhaust set up, making it very taxing to do this job with a standard ratchet or socket combination. We were in some – we were in some of those GM garages and observed the problem firsthand, classic customer connection. And the innovation that followed in our quarter-inch drive Torx Plus EPL-10 low-profile inverted socket. That's a mouthful. That innovation was released in the first quarter, and it does make GM transmission work easier. The new cushion design precisely maneuver – the new custom design precisely maneuvers between the exhaust assembly and the transmission engaging the fastener in such a way that provides enough clearance for a ratcheting box or a box-end wrench or a hand ratchet to access the bolts for easy removal with no exhaust disassembly require saving more than 45 minutes per repair right away. Techs working on GM transmissions can complete more work with this device and make more money. They can do that right away, quick payback. Another example we saw, another example of that was we saw that removing the brake caliber pins on Toyota trucks and sports utilities was very difficult. The pins on 4Runners, Tacomas and Tundras are exposed to harsh road environments, often causing the parts to become immovable, regularly requiring like heat or excessive force to free the restricted fasteners. And each of those methods requires time and it raises the risk of damage to nearby components often elevating the complexity of the repair, taking a lot more time, watching the work. Our engineers produced a unique punch like bit that precisely aligned to an air hammer with the dimensions of the pin, maximizing the extraction force without endangering the surrounding systems. Once again, simplifying the task and freeing the tech to move on to other jobs. It's another quick payback item that's now available and popular. Finally in the quarter, we expanded our only – the only U.S.-made locking plier lineup by releasing two new models, the LP5LN constructed with a tapered nose. It's ideal for additional reach inside compliance space to easily access narrow workpieces. And the new LP5WC delivering a reliable gripping power is difficult to engage round objects like hoses. Beyond the special features of those two models, the full line offers our subcompact six-inch plier line offers increased accessibility and – because it's small enabling text to maneuver and crowded engine compartments and under the dash. The design also provides unmatched clamping forces, that locking pliers, unmatched clamping forces that will not slip under load with the locking mechanism. The pliers also serve as a second pair of hands. They're going to lock them up – locking up, holding materials, securely in place, freeing up the technician's hands to complete another step in the repair. And each unit, each of those locking plier units is forged and produced on our Elkmont, Alabama plant, and they're the only locking models made in the U.S. Well, that is the Tools Group, pivoting to match the technician's current preferences and needs, wielding our customer connections, deploying solutions that improve efficiency by making tasks easier. Now RS&I. The RS&I Group's results confirmed, I think, what we've been saying all along, Snap-on is well positioned to support repair shops, both dealers and the vast networks of independent shops. And in that regard, RS&I sales in the quarter were $463.8 million, up $17.2 million or 3.9% versus last year with an organic sales increase of 3.3%. Operating earnings for the group reached $112.9 million, reflecting an increase of $8.3 million or 7.9% versus last year. The operating income margin was 24.3%, rising by 90 basis points, a powerful performance driven by OEM-related activity and sales in undercar, helping shops prepare for new technologies. In terms of OEM-related activity and sales in undercar helping shops prepare for new technologies and enabling system upgrades in the growing collision market. We continue to seek to clearly see abundant runways for growth in RS&I, and we're working to take advantage. One example of that is the launch of our new heavy-duty repair information software. This package combines the vehicle interface capabilities of our NEXIQ heavy-duty diagnostic units with the horsepower of our Mitchell 1 information database. It's an innovative solution for repair and heavy-duty industry, which over the past decade has seen an explosion of new technologies relating to sophisticated emission control along with advanced computer and electrical networks that all combines to present heavy mechanics with complex and complicated repair tasks. Now the solutions – now with solutions all located in one spot, tests can search by VIN number and access operating specification, troubleshooting tips and interactive wiring diagrams, all be specific to the particular vehicle, all big time savers and existing products was deployed in the quarter, and it's a groundbreaking integrated platform. The combined diagnostic capability together with vehicle information, it's very powerful. And I can tell you, the heavy-duty industry has noticed. You can see it in the RS&I numbers. And in the quarter, our Diagnostics division also released its latest 24.2 software upgrade, expanding our broad range of vehicle coverage and test procedures throughout all our existing hardware. The new upgrade strengthens our already market-leading data positions. Technicians get access to our SureTrack vehicle-specific real fixes, repair tips and commonly replaced parts, all derived from our proprietary database of 2.7 billion repair actions and 355 billion data records unmatched insight, not only to interpret what the vehicle trouble codes are saying but to uniquely use the information to determine the exact problem, analyzing millions of data lines per car, predicting the most likely repair. Snap-on uniquely provides this capability. And in this latest update, we continue adding new models and functionalities, making our proprietary software position even more effective and more powerful. We’re confident in the strength of RS&I. And we keep driving to expand its position with repair shop owners and managers to make – by making work easier with more and more great new products. Well, that’s Snap-on’s first quarter, sales flat, overcoming the significant headwinds, critical industries advancing, again, the tools group pivoting, matching the preference for quick payback products. OEM undercar repair information markets are remaining robust. The Opco OI margin, 22.9%, up 90 basis points and an EPS of $4.91, strong results that overcame the headwinds and benefited from a legal outcome. All demonstrating the strength in the midst of turbulence, it was an encouraging quarter. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $1,182.3 million in the quarter compared to $1,183 million last year, reflecting an 0.8% organic sales decline, partially offset by $6.7 million of acquisition-related sales and $2.5 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Activity in our automotive repair markets was mixed, gains in sales to OEM and independent shop owners and managers were more than offset by lower sales to technicians through our franchise van channel. Within the industrial sector for our C&I group, sales to customers in critical industries were up mid-single digits in the quarter as compared to last year. Consolidated gross margin of 50.5% improved 70 basis points from 49.8% last year, primarily reflecting benefits from lower material and other costs and savings from the company’s RCI initiatives. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales of 27.6% compared to 27.8% last year. In the quarter, as noted in our press release, operating expenses included an $11.3 million benefit for payments received associated with the legal matter. The 20 basis point improvement in the operating expense ratio is primarily due to the benefit from the legal payment partially offset by increased personnel and other costs, which includes a 20 basis point impact from acquisitions. Operating earnings before financial services of $270.9 million in the quarter, including the benefit from the legal payment compared to $259.8 million in 2023. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 22.9% compared to 22% last year. Financial services revenue of $99.6 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to $92.6 million last year, while operating earnings of $68.3 million compared to $66.3 million in 2023. Consolidated operating earnings of $339.2 million, which included the legal benefit compared to $326.1 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 26.5% compared to 25.6% in 2023. Our first quarter effective income tax rate of 22.2% compared to 23.1% last year. Net earnings of $263.5 million or $4.91 per diluted share, including an $8.8 million or $0.16 per diluted share after tax benefit from the legal payment compared to $248.7 million or $4.60 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2023. Now, let’s turn to our segment results for the quarter, starting with the C&I group on Slide 7. Sales of $359.9 million compared to $363.8 million last year, reflecting a 2.5% organic sales decline and a $1.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by $6.7 million of acquisition-related sales. The organic decrease is primarily due to a double-digit reduction in the power tools business and a high-single digit decline in the segment’s Asia-Pacific operations mostly associated with lower intersegment sales. These declines were partially offset by a mid-single digit gain in sales to customers in critical industries. With respect to critical industries, military and defense related sales were robust as was activity in the aviation sector. Gross margin improved 200 basis points to 40.8% in the first quarter from 38.8% in 2023. This is largely due to increased volumes and the higher gross margin critical industry sector. Lower material costs and other cost savings from RCI initiatives and 50 basis points from the benefit of acquisitions. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales rose 190 basis points to 25.4% in the quarter from 23.5% in 2023 primarily due to the effects of lower sales volumes, investments in personnel and other costs and a 70 basis point impact from acquisitions. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $55.4 million compared to $55.8 million last year. The operating margin of 15.4% compared to 15.3% in 2023. Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $500.1 million compared to $537 million a year ago, reflecting a 7% organic sales decline, partially offset by $600,000 of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic decrease reflects a high single-digit decline in our U.S. business, partially offset by a mid-single digit gain in our international operations. Gross margin improved 90 basis points to 48.2% in the quarter from 47.3% last year. This improvement primarily reflects decreased sales of lower gross margin products. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales rose 190 basis points to 24.7% in the quarter from 22.8% in 2023, largely due to the lower sales volume. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $117.3 million compared to $131.7 million last year. The operating margin of 23.5% compared to 24.5% in 2023. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $463.8 million compared to $446.6 million in 2023 reflecting a 3.3% organic sales gain and $2.5 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic increase includes a high-single digit increase in activity with OEM dealerships and a low-single digit gain in sales of undercar equipment. Gross margin improved 150 basis points to 45% from 43.5% last year, primarily due to benefits from lower material and other costs and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales rose 60 basis points to 20.7% from 20.1% last year primarily reflecting increased personnel and other costs. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $112.9 million compared to $104.6 million last year, the operating margin of 24.3% compared to 23.4% reported last year. Now turning to Slide 10. Revenue from financial services increased $7 million or 7.6% to $99.6 million from $92.6 million last year, primarily reflecting growth of the loan portfolio. Financial Services operating earnings of $68.3 million compared to $66.3 million in 2023. Financial services expenses were up $5 million from 2023 levels, including $4.3 million of higher provisions for credit losses. In the first quarters of both 2024 and 2023, the average yield on finance receivables was 17.7%. In the first quarter of 2024 and 2023, the average yields on contract receivables were 9% and 8.7%, respectively. Total loan originations of $301.7 million in the first quarter represented an increase of $800,000 or 0.3% from 2023 levels. Increased originations of contract receivables were mostly offset by a low single-digit decline in extended credit originations. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.5 billion of gross financing receivables, with $2.2 billion from our U.S. operation. For extended credit or finance receivables, the U.S. 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.8% is up 30 basis points from the first quarter of 2023, but unchanged from the rate reported last quarter. Trailing 12-month net losses for the overall extended credit portfolio of $54.1 million, representing 2.75% of outstandings at quarter end, which is up 16 basis points from the end of last quarter. Considering the current environment and despite these slight upward trends, we believe the delinquency and portfolio performance metrics remain relatively stable. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $348.7 million in the quarter represented 129% of net earnings and compared to $301.6 million last year. The improvement as compared to the first quarter of 2023 largely reflects lower year-over-year increases in working investment, which included a reduction in inventory during the quarter as well as higher net earnings. Net cash used by investing activities of $63.2 million primarily reflected net additions to finance receivables of $40.2 million and capital expenditures of $21.8 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $164.2 million included cash dividends of $98.2 million and the repurchase of 248,000 shares of common stock for $70.2 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of quarter end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $290.6 million of common stock under our existing authorizations. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $36.2 million from 2023 year-end. Days sales outstanding of 63 days compared to 60 days as of year-end and to 62 days as of the end of the first quarter of 2023. Inventories decreased $35.4 million from 2023 year-end. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.4 compared to 2.3 at year-end 2023. Our quarter end cash position of $1,121 million compared to $1,001.5 million at year-end 2023. Our net debt to capital ratio of 1.5% compared to 3.8% at year-end 2023. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $900 million available under our credit facilities. As of quarter end, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility, and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2024. With respect to corporate expenses, in the second quarter, we believe we could benefit from a legal payment similar to that received in the first quarter. For the full year, we expect that capital expenditures will be in a range of $100 million to $110 million, and we currently anticipate that our full year 2024 effective income tax rate will be in the range of 22% to 23%. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Alan. Well, that's the first quarter. Strength in the midst of turbulence. Even with a part of the enterprise below standard, you see Snap-on is a business that reaches varied customers in different industries and in various geographies united in a coherence that is the criticality of work, the essential nature of what we do. And we have the opportunity and advantage – we have opportunity and advantage in virtually all of those arenas. And as a consequence, even when the largest of our entities is not a standard, we find a way in other areas to maintain overall strength. It's that coherent strategic breadth and the experience and capability of our team to execute that has made Snap-on so resilient, moving consistently upwards for all these years, and this quarter was another demonstration of that resilience. C&I, engaging economic challenges across geographies, extending to critical industries, proving that Snap-on can roll out of the garage, exploiting a considerable opportunity and do it profitably. The Tools Group acting to adapt, committing to accommodate the tech's certain outlook and their preference for quick payback products and doing it with still enviable margins. In fact, with gross margins up 90 basis points showing the promise of their pivot. RS&I, seeing opportunities with repair shop owners and managers and making the most of it despite the challenges in Europe, volume and margins growing in a very imperfect environment and the credit company, working against the grain of short payback preferences and still raising profit. And it all came together to keep activity flat despite the difficulty to register an Opco operating margin of 22.9%, up 90 basis points and to record an EPS of $4.91, numbers that are among our strongest ever results with or without the legal benefit. And as such, we look ahead with confidence, fortified by our inherent advantages in our product, deep, wide and growing, solving more critical tasks every day, advantages in our brand. Snap-on is the outward sign of pride, working men and women taking their jobs and advantage in our people, committed, capable turbulence tested many times a team that knows how to ring the positive out of the difficult and fueled by those advantages, we believe Snap-on will maintain its strength, moving positively throughout the 2024 and well beyond. Now before I turn the call over to the operator, I’ll speak directly to our franchisees and associates worldwide. The first quarter was a resilient and robust demonstration of Snap-on strength against challenge. And it all reflects your extraordinary effort to make it sold. For your contributions to the results, you have my congratulations. For the special capabilities you bring to bear on behalf of our team every day, you have my admiration. And for the unshakable belief you consistently display in our future, you have my thanks. Now I’ll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Scott Stember with Roth MKM. Please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Stember: Nick, it sounds like within tools that power tools was the weakest. Could you maybe quantify that how much? And maybe just talk about how the other sub-segments like tool storage, diagnostics and hand tools it?
Nick Pinchuk: Power tools was down. The most interesting thing, power tools, I hate to say tough comparison. They did have a difficult comparison year-over-year. Last year was one of the bigger quarters. It actually was up sequentially. So we saw some movement there and the pivot towards shorter payback items versus where we were in the fourth quarter. I think that was certainly down the biggest and as I think Aldo said, it was down double digits. Diagnostics was down, but the – one of the things that that did help the profitability was the fact that tool storage was up and hand tools wasn’t as afflicted as the others. And so therefore, what the Tools Group actually makes, remember that in the array of products, the Tools Group for tool storage and hand tools get both distribution and manufacturer’s margin. So that really is what describes the product of array. It was kind of – when we look at it, we can see the effects of pivoting. Tool storage was up, but it was in what we would call the lower end. We’re kind of pleased with it because we worked hard on the Algona plant, trying to do this pivot to get more capacity in the accessory and in the classic line in the carts and the accessories in the classic had big quarters, and those are the lower cost items, which people don’t get as embroiled and longer payback. So we’re kind of pleased with that. And hand tools, I showed you some of the arrays out of customer connection that we rolled out and we’re rolling out more going forward.
Scott Stember: So some of the two new power tools that you referred to you said help is on the way. When do you think we’ll start seeing this? Is this starting to shift or the…
Nick Pinchuk: We bought some of that in the quarter toward the end of the quarter. The way the two played out, things got better. I think sales up through demand got better as the quarter went on. So we kind of had some momentum. I hate to overplay that because I’ve seen – I’ve been here a while. I see all kinds of calibrations from quarter-to-quarter. The end did have Easter this year, still it looked pretty good. So I think we’re kind of encouraged by that. And what I meant by that was, I like those two that I brought out. We brought out other ones, and we have an array of new ones coming out in the second quarter around power tools. So I think what I meant there is help is on the way as we had – we introduced in the quarter, a couple of things plus others, because those two I mentioned, plus we’ve got others coming.
Scott Stember: Got it. And just last question. If you were to take out the intercompany pressure in RS&I and C&I, what were the external sales? How did they do in both of those segments in the quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Look, it’s – if you look at it organically without currency and acquisitions, which would raise the numbers actually, with just apples-to-apples, C&I was up 2.2% externally. And I think RS&I was up almost 6%, 5.8%. So RS&I was pretty good right in our – right where we expect them to be all the time. So RS&I really had a pretty good quarter. And actually, given Europe, seven countries in recession and so you see this kind of thing. I think the hand tools business in Europe was kind of in defile. And so the other businesses went pretty well, so we’re pretty pleased with those businesses.
Scott Stember: Got it. That’s all I have for now. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Nick, nice descriptions on the NPIs. I was actually lagging a bit because had that issue with the – I think, the caliper pins on my Sequoia last time I fixed the break. So I don’t think the Sequoia was on your list, but you can add it.
Nick Pinchuk: [Indiscernible] things that sell. When we talk about short payback items, these guys can see the tool and say, hey, I’ve spent a dog’s age fixing these things and this helps. So I think it works out okay for us. Yes.
Christopher Glynn: I was wondering if you could contrast, share some thoughts on the kind of decent strength from repair shops with an auto repair umbrella versus the technicians having some confidence?
Nick Pinchuk: Look, we've seen it before. We actually saw in the financial recession, the Great Financial Recession back what, more than 10 years ago. And the COVID is the COVID that the shops weren't down that much. They were down for a few weeks and then they figure out what to do, and they were humming in both situations. But the technicians were confidence poor; they didn't know where the world was going. So if you remember, I think it's approximately in the beginning of the COVID, we had the recoveries coming out when we had that V-shaped recovery in the third and fourth quarter, that was driven a lot by handfuls. Small payback and small payback items, short payback items. And so that's what they do. They kind of say, I don't know – it's very interesting. Financial economy, we have all these calculations. The people have worked think they get up every morning and they see the news for breakfast. And enough of it is bad, they start to lose confidence. And so that's what they're saying. They're saying – they're thinking, geez, I don't know, where are these wars are going to go? They're going to start raising taxes, our kids going to have to fight. The border seems to be a migration, all those things, and they start saying, "Well, I'm not – I know I'm doing good now. But I'm not sure what's going to happen in the future. They don't think in terms of soft landing, hard landing. I'm not sure what's going to happen in the future. So they don't want to get them ourselves out in traffic. Sometimes the narrative about everyday working people is that they're propagating and borrow in bad times. That's not been my experience. These people are pretty much.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And sticking with those techs, so maybe we're seeing the lag effect of inflation and rates a bit here on small private operators and you're focused on pivoting the focus to match the faster payback. Should we basically figure you need a couple of quarters to align that as you or the organizational.
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know. Certainly, I'm tasking the Tools Group to do it at light speed, and we are working on it with alacrity it is an unknowable amount because what happens is as you move your capacity around in the factors actually refocus your capacity, no matter how much you start putting that thing, you start – you start sticking yourself back, you set up more cash to deliver. And sometimes that can be a problem. We despite the number, the number was worse from a, I think, a little bit in the quarter, but we saw progress there. We saw the characteristic shifting. And so we think that's going to work for us because we've seen it work before. I don't know how long that will take. Certainly, we expected to see improvement as we go forward. What the rates of that improvement are, I cannot tell.
Christopher Glynn: Makes sense. Thank you, Nick.
Operator: The next question is from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Hey David.
David MacGregor: Good morning, Nick. I guess based on our work, we expected the weaker confidence in technicians, but we also know you were more promotional than normal in the first quarter with the regional kickoffs and the follow-ons. And clearly, franchisees were not responding to those elevated promotional levels to the extent we thought. I guess going forward, do you raise further the promotional discounts and incentives – can you restore growth in the Tools segment in 2024? Or are we looking at the segment continuing at a negative mid-single-digit pace through the balance of the year. It sounded like your answer to the last question was kind of a more passive approach where you just have to wait and see how things play out as opposed to maybe taking more active initiatives?
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know if I accept your first premise that we were more pragmatic in our promotions in the first quarter than usual. I don't know that to be true. David, though, I'm not reviewing every promotion all the time either. So I couldn't sit here and review them at all. I don't think so though. I don't think – our view is like this. The real solution to it is, is the pivot. And the more of these small products, these short payback products, and they're profitable, that we get out, the more sales we'll have, I think trying to promote against the wins like corn water up a rope. And so we're not going to do that. We're not going to do that. I'm not that desperate – you know what I mean? I mean, look, this is a quarter, okay. The quarter is substandard, but we expect improvement. And oh, by the way, I think our margins are still enviable. So I'm not going to – we're not going to go – I'm not saying we won't have good promotions. That's not what I'm saying. But I'm saying we're not going to get our hair on fire on this in the promotion line. We will get our hair on fire and trying to pivot designing short payback items, altering the capacity in the factory and having our people in sales work more on – put more energy into getting our franchisees, how are you going to sell these shorter payback items. Sure. If somebody wants to buy an epic we'll be happy to comment them. But that's what I'm talking about here. I don't think we're going to be promoted any more than normal, any different than normal. Let's put it that way except maybe to focus promotions on maybe some short payback items to try to give people some energy around it. Promotions aren't actually say, but promotions aren't necessarily cost reductions, although they appear to be sometimes price reduction, sometimes it's just about creating energy and focus.
David MacGregor: I'm pretty certain that your post regional kickoff promotions were up year-over-year versus last year. But I can follow up with you offline on that.
Nick Pinchuk: I'm not saying it wrong, David. I'm just saying I'm not aware – I don't feel like we are frenetic about it. That's all. I don't talk to the wrong guy, if you think I'm following every promotion. I don't. But the envelope, I kind of described to you, we expect to follow.
David MacGregor: Yes. Just a couple of follow-up questions, Nick. Can you talk about the progress you made this quarter with the incremental manufacturing capacity and maybe the extent to which that increased ability to ship provided a partial offset to the negative top line?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I don’t know about the volumes, but we certainly got out what we – I liked what happened in Algona, David, the full storage plan. It seemed as though Algona, which had been pounding away on it for a long time as I know you’re very well aware, had made pretty good progress. I think we’re a little behind that in, say, like Elizabethton and [indiscernible] certainly Milwaukee in terms of the handful plant. It may be a little more difficult to create the changes and create the pivot. So I was pleased with what happened. And I don’t know, though not so much liquidation. I don’t think there was that much of that. I think that would have been helped in the fourth quarter some too. So I don’t know. Not really a big factor in the situation.
David MacGregor: Okay. This last quarter, you had some inventory putback from franchisee attrition that contributed to the negative growth. Was franchisee attrition up again this quarter? And was the inventory put back again to source of negative growth?
Nick Pinchuk: I would say there was inventory put back. But maybe a little bit less than about the same, I suppose, is the fourth quarter, maybe not quite the same. So we didn’t see quite because what happens is I think the phenomenon there, Dave, is David, is that remember, I said that everybody was like they were white hot coming out of the SFC and then all of a sudden, everybody is starting to get a little nervous and that caused a little more put back. I don’t think we had that transition piece in this period. So that probably ended up not having as much put back.
David MacGregor: Okay. And the last question for me, just on credit. I guess I’m trying to make sense of the flat originations, given the – it sounds like the Diagnostics business, in particular, might be pretty weak. How much of that would you think was just kind of revolving account transfers and what’s changing in terms of these?
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t think much – I don’t think…
David MacGregor: Not much?
Nick Pinchuk: We will watch that. I’m pretty sure I know that didn’t change.
Aldo Pagliari: It’s actually lower and lower.
David MacGregor: Okay.
Nick Pinchuk: Not really impacted.
David MacGregor: It’s down, okay, down. What’s changing in terms of the EC approval rates? And I guess you mentioned EC, your originations were down low single digits. I’m just guessing overall credit penetration rates are directionally lower. Can you just talk a little bit about what you’re seeing in credit trends? Your provisioning was up $4 million.
Aldo Pagliari: I don’t think the penetration rates are dipping at all. I think what Nick has described as lower sales of big ticket items. And if there’s lower big ticket items, then there’s lower EC originations, but I don’t think there’s anything dramatic in terms of a shift of any sort in terms of how the Snap-on Credit is participating in the sales of the Tools Group.
Nick Pinchuk: If it helps, David, remember the small – faster payback items. So in diagnostics, diagnostics was down, but the smaller and SOLUS+ was strong in the quarter, and that doesn’t get EC as much as, say, Snap-on ZEUS [ph]. So some of that’s in that situation. But not really much change. I do that, EC doesn’t necessarily follow directly to the activity. Okay.
David MacGregor: Right. Good. Thanks very much gentlemen.
Operator: The next question is from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research. Please go ahead.
Gary Prestopino: Hi and good morning all.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Gary.
Gary Prestopino: Nick, can you maybe – could you maybe just help me out here? I mean, the market for repair – auto repairs is very strong. Sometimes takes longer than you would expect to get your car repaired, even on the collision side.
Nick Pinchuk: I agree.
Gary Prestopino: But yet you’re saying your power tools are down and diagnostics down. Don’t the technicians really need to have these products in order to do their jobs correctly and efficiently and quickly. So I guess what I’m asking is, is this just really a function of maybe what’s going on with the Tools Group is that your diagnostic products have kind of permeated the channel, and there’s not a lack of demand that is maybe being driven by the fact that everybody’s needs have been taken care of. And then on the other side, the power tools, maybe there’s just hasn’t been the opportunity to innovate as much as you had maybe last year to drive growth? I’m just trying to square all this together.
Nick Pinchuk: Look, I think the thing is you could, in diagnostics, we did sell the quicker payback items, the SOLUS+. It was the big ticket ones like ZEUS which is quite a bit more expensive that didn’t sell. In power tools, yes, it can be – it can follow very strongly what’s introduced in a certain period. At time, the power tools, I think, looks worse than it is, like I said, it was up sequentially with some reasonable gains. So I think we see progress in the power tools. So I do think – I don’t think we’re seeing that. We’ve seen it before where technicians will focus on things they have an array of things they want to buy from Snap-on. And often, when they’re confronted with this, they make a transition to say, well, where – how can I – I want to see the world play out a little bit more. I’ll buy this wrench or I’ll buy this smaller box or I’ll buy a small diagnostic or I’ll maybe hold on to my power tool a little bit longer. People need the products, but on the other hand, it is an imprecise thing. Sometimes they’ll say, okay, I need a particular power tool or a diagnostics because I had trouble last week on this particular on some Toyota or maybe on a BMW. And they'll say, "Well, I'll wait a little while because I won't see another BMW for a month or two or a quarter three or four months. You'll see that it's an imprecise situation. Simply, our view of it is more – it's always influenced by product, about the new stuff that rolls out, it's a complex array. But what's happening, at least as far as we can report and I've talked to a lot of guys is that technicians – one guy in Northern California said the techs are scared. Another guy talked to in Kentucky – [indiscernible], Kentucky said they're getting involved in the everyday news. It's weighing them down. I got another guy in Nevada and Reno, we said, they're assessing over the election. So I'm telling you, this is kind of a – it's sort of saying, where is the environment going to go? I'm going to keep my powder dry for a while. I'm going to just take it bit-by-bit, I don't want to take a big bite – so when they want to figure out how to repair cars, they don't take a big bite.
Gary Prestopino: All right. And then I guess the last – you had mentioned that this had happened before, I think, in The Great Recession.
Nick Pinchuk: And in the COVID – Gary and in the COVID.
Gary Prestopino: So how long did this take to flesh out? Was this a couple of quarter phenomenon?
Nick Pinchuk: In the COVID, I would say it took three quarters, maybe two quarters for people to get used, and basically that was driven more by the – we're talking about attitude. It took about two quarters, maybe 2.5 quarters for them to say, "Oh, the all clear is blowing". Nothing is really going to happen. We're out of the COVID and the great financial recession is a little longer. But it all depends on how use they get to it. Now we help this by pivoting. Remember that in this situation, we help by giving them more small bites. So some of this has to do with matching the product – the new product available that's analyzing them with stuffs they're willing to take on, and that's what we're doing.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Yes. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Certainly.
Operator: The next question is from Luke Junk with Baird. Pleaser go ahead.
Nick Pinchuk: Hey Luke.
Luke Junk: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just pivoting on that last point there, Nick, just trying to get a feel for your gut of how much you think is under your control as you make this pivot and like you said, just matching new products with where the demand is right now in terms of I guess I'd be interested to get your perspective on the last six months. Just how much that feedback has changed of what mechanics want? And to what extent are the franchisees able to kind of give you demand clues or is it more about kind of pushing the right products to the franchisees and helping to market the products?
Nick Pinchuk: No. No. No. Demand clues. I mean, fundamentally, it's on a macro basis, Luke, I don't know if it's six months. So this sort of started sometime in October. I don't know how long it is. But the thing is, is that it's pretty much about what people will say, if I buy this now, I can get a payback now, and I don't get committed for longer terms. So I'm not – that's a description in general. Of course, everything I'd say about the technicians probably doesn't apply to every technician and every garage is probably a great landscape for this. But that's simply what we're doing. And so we're getting feedback from the franchisees on this and we're doing a lot of customer connection on it. I'm talking to franchisees all the time. We'll have the NFAC in here in about four weeks. I'll talk to them about it. We're making a lot of cost. So we're getting feedback from those guys, and we have pretty good feedback right now. We know where we're trying to go. And so that we believe that will work for us. Of course, it all won't work but once we execute on that, then we'll iterate to hone in. Now how long that takes. And as I said before, I think our view is our standard is to keep improving I'm not so sure how quickly. But I do think we have the capacity to do it, and we've done it before.
Luke Junk: And then maybe a question on RS&I if I can sneak it in, just the expanded opportunity right now seeing with OEM dealerships, especially kind of new technologies and new things coming into the market. Just that seems more of a secular opportunity. I mean, do you see the opportunity is any different versus this business historically either in kind of the scope of the opportunity or even the margin opportunity maybe?
Nick Pinchuk: Look, I think three things about RS&I. One is that you've got – you've got the opportunity associated with the number of new models people are launched. And I thought a slant guy on TV about a month ago, he was talked about 30 new models. I don't know how we're going to get all of those. But every time a new model comes out, this is a good business for us. And every time they have a warranty kind of recall and stuff like that, and that business has been pretty good now for some time. It was up nicely in the quarter, double digits, and the profitability is strong now, so that's a good bit. And so that's a unique at this point, and I think it will keep going as the technologies keep changing. Then you see the equipment business. The equipment business wasn't – it was off, but it wasn't as strongly up because Europe was pummeled by the equipment business. Those recessionary businesses in Europe. I mean, Germany being a recession was a big blow for us in this situation. And so that was harder. That will come back. But it does have the collision business and the equipment business in North America, all of which are booming. And those are nice margins. The margin was up in that business. So that's fueling some of it. And then our software keeps doing pretty well. We talked about the heavy-duty software. And we did have this legal benefit, which was in this ore, and it confirms the proprietary nature of our database. So I think that's – all those things are better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick.
Luke Junk: I’ll leave it there. Thanks, Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay.
Operator: The next question is from Sherif El-Sabbahy with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Sherif El-Sabbahy: Hey, good morning.
Nick Pinchuk: Sherif, how are you?
Sherif El-Sabbahy: Doing well. Thanks. And thanks for all the great color you provided. I just had one small specific question. Just within power tools, are there any specific markets or end users that saw an outsized pullback or drove the decline year-over-year?
Nick Pinchuk: Say that again, please. Sorry.
Sherif El-Sabbahy: Are there any specific markets or end uses for power tools that saw an outsized pullback or stood out when you were kind of looking at the numbers?
Nick Pinchuk: No, I don't think so. I think there is a constant movement between pneumatic and cordless in the power tools or a lot of people are converting to cordless. Not everything can be converted to cordless because people want to have continuous power and of course, the pneumatic will keep going. So if you're doing something over and over, sometimes people prefer pneumatic guns, because they don't run out of battery and they're lighter and all that stuff. So if you have a repetitive situations. But there's a general motion to cordless – we haven't seen any – if you look at the nature of the product line, products and power tools, what you see is sales that follow introduction of new products. Every time we bring out a new product, that tends to raise that particular category. I haven't seen much of a particular pullback. I think the need for power tools in industrial settings in critical industry settings remains moving at pace in the garage is less so because of the aforementioned uncertainty. That's all. That's the only color I can add in that situation.
Sherif El-Sabbahy: Thank you. Appreciated it.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hey good morning guys. Don't think we've touched on the sell-in versus sell-out on the U.S. franchise tools. Do you have any color as far as what their POS looked like versus their take rate?
Nick Pinchuk: I'm not sure what you mean by point of sale. Okay. Yes. Look, sell off the van was better than our sell to the van this quarter particularly towards the end. So that's – we sold – our franchisees sold more of their vans than they bought in this situation – and that gap expanded a little bit as we went forward in the quarter.
Bret Jordan: And I guess the sellout rate, how do you think that compares to the general market growth rate. I guess, do you think you're keeping up from a market share standpoint? Or is there any – shift there?
Nick Pinchuk: No. I don't know, you may have a better view. Look, if you talked – I just talked – I talked – we talked to 36 franchisees and none of them mentioned I'm losing share. Nobody mentioned I'm losing share. So I don't think that's happening. And although these are windshield surveys and not based on data. But they don't seem to be in that situation. They can say, their view is, well, tougher to sell because people aren't buying, I don't have the big ticket items I used to sell and that carves down my product line that I can get to people to move on.
Bret Jordan: Okay. There seem there will be a little gap between – with the Matco numbers at the end of last year. So we're not commenting about Matco becoming more aggressive as far as pushing their volume.
Nick Pinchuk: Nobody's saying that I don't know. The Matco guys are smart guys. They may be able to – they may have some magic at, we don't know. But every place, it's hard to – what we found is we never really paid too much view of that over one quarter, those things go up and down. So I don't know. I can't really comment on their business, but I'm not hearing anything from our franchisees that would indicate that's a problem for us. Generally, we think that we sell to different people anyway.
Bret Jordan: All right. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Sara Verbsky for any closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today as we review Snap-on's fourth quarter and full year results which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or that otherwise discuss management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results to differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I'll start with the highlights of our quarter and our full year, and I'll provide my perspective on the results, on our markets and our path ahead. After that, Aldo will then give you a detailed review of the financials. The results for our fourth quarter represented that we believe, another period of forward progress. Again, we had opportunities and countered headwinds and the shape of the variated landscape changed as it regularly does. But in the end, we once again took advantage of the opportunities and overcame the turbulence. Sales in the quarter were $1,196,600 million or $1.2 billion, sounds better that way, up 3.5% as reported from last year, excluding $9.1 million of favorable foreign currency and $5.5 million from the recent Mount acquisition. Organic sales increased 2.2%. The results represent a positive trend of some significance, demonstrating Snap-on's ability to adapt and to overcome market disruptions. From an earnings perspective, our OpCo operating income for the quarter was $257.9 million, and the OI margin for the quarter was $21.6 million up 10 basis points compared to last year. For Financial Services, operating earnings were $67.9 million, rising from the $63.9 million recorded last year. And the combination of the results from OpCo and from Financial Services offered an overall consolidated margin of 25.2%, also up 10 basis points. And the overall EPS was $4.75, a rise of 7.5% from the $4.42 that was registered a year ago. Now I talked about margins, let's turn to those markets and the trends we're seeing, based on our customer connections. We're with customers all the time. We believe automotive repair continues to be clearly favorable. Vehicle OEMs continue to see the need for upgrading dealer repair shops and enabling the shops and servicing the blizzard of new miles and technologies making the way to the market. And preparing for that future, OEM continue, requiring dealership investments in new Under Car Equipment and essential tools to meet the challenge. It's a considerable opportunity at which Snap-on is clearly taking advantage. Activity in the independent shops is also robust. You can see it in the vehicle and repair macros, car parks. The car park is growing and getting older. Now over 12 years old on here, cars are getting more complex and more difficult to fix and reflecting all of that, service hours are up. Household spending on repair is growing. Wages are rising. The number of technicians is moving upward fast and ship-owners keep shouting, they want more technicians, even louder than they have over the past years. So the underlying repair business is strong. It's prospering. It was a reality that kept the text positive, even as the financial was champing over the past years and months, the recession is coming, the recession is coming. But cash isn't everything. Cash is in everything for the people of work. Personal confidence is a balance between your current environment, the garage we see and the way you see the world evolving in sometime and sometime in the mid fall of last year, our franchisees sense that balance shifting negatively. In recent weeks, I've been around, I visited franchisees all over the country; in Nevada, South Carolina and Wisconsin, and they all said about the same thing. The techs are cash rich, but because of the external bad news of getting for breakfast almost every day, the impact in the Ukraine, the war in the Middle East, the dysfunction at the border and the uncertainty of the upcoming election, the weight of it all appears to be turning the tech's, confidence poor. And when this happens, based on what we've seen in other times, we've seen it happen before, our customers keep purchasing, but they gravitate towards shorter payback items. And so it appeared to be as the quarter progressed. You saw that from mid to the end of the quarter. And so repair is strong, but the techs are worrying about the way forward, still cash rich, but they appear to be wavering in their confidence. This is a big change. Now let's move forward to critical industries. That's, of course, a bit different color. Confidence seems to be abundance across that business. This is where our commercial and industrial group or C&I, plays. We continue to see progress. And again, the results in the quarter reflect that trend. It's a complex segment. A lot of you know this already, but I'm going to say the context, it's a complex segment embedded with essential techs where the penalty for failure is high. It's an arena that demands precision, functionality and repeatability, all under the most grueling environments, covering a vast range of applications from the sensitive micro world of chip manufacturing to giant rugged earthmoving equipment to performance critical aviation, things even up to spaceships. The underlying need for customization - but in that segment, the underlying need for customization and precision both, Snap-on strength is clearly growing all across those sectors. C&I, is also the most geographically dispersed operations. And there's, significant variations from country-to-country and created by the uncertainties in the economic political policies. As such, we see mixed results in Europe and a continuing but slow recovery in Asia. We also see differences from sector-to-sector with education, aviation and the military, military and general industries, all showing nice improvements where natural resources and heavy-duty are off. But shining through all that variability is our expanding strength in those critical industries. The advantage Snap-on holds in product and brand and in people. And in the quarter, those drivers were on display. So across our corporation, I would characterize our markets as mixed, turbulent from period-to-period and from sector-to-sector, but filled with ongoing opportunity. And we believe we're well positioned to face the challenges of today, though at the end of today and those that may arise in the future. We remain confident that we have the continuing potential along - we have continuing potential long-run run rates for growth, and we see significant power to overcome rooted in our Snap-on value creation processes of safety, quality, customer action innovation and rapid continuous improvement, especially customer connection. One of our substantial competitive advantages is being right where the actual paths are being pursued and in engineering the products to make the work easier by matching those insights, the insights gained with technology applied. We've seen that over time, we've seen that innovative offerings create the path to advance and to overcome any turbulence. And in the quarter and in the year, our product line continued to advance, just kept getting stronger. And we continue to invest in Snap-on value creation to make that possible. We believe, in fact, that our product line has never been stronger. And despite the turbulence, we had more million dollar hit products in 2023 than ever before, and we believe we'll move higher again in 2023 than ever before, and we believe we'll move higher again in 2024. Now, let's talk about the full year, the 2023 performance. Sales of $4.7302 billion represented an increase of 5.3% as reported and arrived at 5.6% organically. Opco alone exceeded $1 billion. I'd say that again, $1 billion for the first time, reaching $1.399 billion and our Opco on margin of 22%, 22% represented an average increase, an increase of 110 basis points at gangbusters. We've never been at 22 and 110 is a great increase. And when we include financial services earnings of $270.5 million, the consolidated operating margin for the corporation year was 25.7%, up 80 basis points. Earnings per share with the year were $18.76, rising $1.94 or 11.5%. We believe these are good numbers. Now for an individual - for the individual operation. Now for the individual operating group. So let's start with C&I. Reported sales for the C&I group in the quarter were $363.9 million, up $20.7 million or 6%. That includes $5.5 million from the recent Mountz acquisition, $3.6 million of favorable foreign currency and our organic sales increase of $11.6 million or 3.3%. They all reflecting the strength in critical industries, partially offset by a slide in automotive power tools. C&I's operating income for the period was $54.1 million. It was up 12.9% and the OI margin was 14.9%, rising 90 basis points and overcoming 50 basis points of headwind associated with negative currency. Again in this case, the advance was driven by strong expansion in critical industries. And our increased kitting capacity for complex orders continue to play a large role in that progress, but significant advances also spur as a regular is by new product. Innovations like our recently launched automated tool control or ATC portal, it's the latest addition to our unique Snap-On ATC tool control product lineup. It's manufactured at our AutoCrib operation that was recently acquired in California, and the portal significantly extends the reach of our ATC systems. It enables efficient control over a much wider range of device shapes and sizes. In effect, this portal's a doorway, in line with radio frequency identification or RFID antenna, it's typically a place that enters to tool. Significant assets like hydraulic pumps, portable generators and valuable diagnostic equipment are often stored in common areas in factories or other places and enter a catalog by fixing an RFID tag. As technicians scan the badge is entering with the portal, the system documents the devices will be in and out of the secured stores, keeping close track of these critical items, just like the base ATC system keeps track of hand and power tools moving in and out of the tool storage box, but over a much wider set of areas. We anticipate that the new portal will be a big boost and a great opportunity for C&I in the growing area of tool control, a very important area for us. And in the fourth quarter, we saw some of that potential come to bear. So C&I, mixed progress, challenged with headwinds but clear and overall advancement, great momentum enabled by capacity expansion and by growing product power. Now to the Tools Group. The Tools Group quarter, not at our standard. But we do see a path forward adjusting to the changing environment. As you may remember, this is where we sell to the text. Those who toil the wrenches, punch the touchscreen and those who appear to be wavering in macro confidence and those customers who under these conditions shift to lower payback or quicker payback items. While the fourth quarter reflects our franchisees and the Tools Group pivoting to match that movement, that customer movement. Sales in the quarter were $513.3 million included in our - and they included an organic decrease of 5.7% compared to last year. Now more to our standard, group OI margins were 21.6%, up 20 basis points, overcoming 10 basis points of negative currency and the gross margin percentage rose 200 basis points, nice gains. As the quarter played out, the franchisee sense the change and redirected their ordering and selling focus to match the customer shifts to lower - to faster payback items. And Snap-On is doing the same, defining a way forward, redirecting factory capacity, adopting smaller ticket marketing focus and launching innovative or quicker payback products that fit the environment. State-of-the-art designs, like our new ratchet for a manufacturer to Elizabeth, Tennessee factory. This next evolution in our ratchet line is 102 design, we've named the Synergy series. We believe it's a game changer for technicians, a significant improvement that helps make repair work much easier. The Synergy is a short payback item that will make a clear difference right away, a 15% thinner head, an inch longer handle a 3.5-inch degree swing area, 20% more compact, all for easier access and quicker work in tight corners that they also come up like chassis areas in modern vehicles. Synergy's internal mechanisms were reengineered to engage the primary drag with 10 contact points versus the seventh in the previous design, greatly reducing the chance of slippage, improving the tools reliability and quality even while under maximum loads. Technicians may be uncertain about the way forward, but they're confident about the synergies. They know with the Synergy. They know it will provide a quick payback. It's thinner, longer, stronger. And going forward, we'll expand that new technology - the new 102 technology throughout the Snap-on lineup, and we believe it will quickly become a must-have all across the industry. Also in the quarter, our Algona, Iowa manufacturing facility to reach the new quick payback, KRSC2430, a 36-inch deluxe shop cart with its with smooth mobility and a substantial payload. It offers a technician economic an attractive way to start the tools but it also allows them to position their instruments adjacent to the workplace, increasing productivity, eliminating the time walking to and from the job. As a particularly special feature, the versal lid on this cart serves as a durable workbench when open separates into 2 sections, showing full and easy - allowing full and easy access to the deep 8-inch top compartment that's underneath. The unit also includes a complete power strip where technicians charge their cordless tools, diagnostic platforms, lights and other electronic devices. The innovative cards also configured with two additional jaws. There's kind of two additional drawers underneath the sliding top, providing quick accessibility for essential and small items preventing lost times from treasure hunting and large drawers or small-scale items. And it's a common problem with other units. And so this will really save time for the text. And like our top-of-the-line tool storage boxes, technicians can customize their cart, selecting from an array of colors and trims and so they can project their own personal identity throughout the shop. The KRSC2430 economical storage, attractive features convenient mobility, we expect it will have strong and continuing to appeal in this uncertain environment. And shifting the product focus also requires some repositioning in the factory. Expanding the capacity to match customer preference, we're doing just that, moving to currently popular items, more dedication to short payback to products like our plexin swivel sockets and the new long nose pliers in Milwaukee, additional cart welding, breaking bottlenecks for our economical storage cart options in Algona and doubling down on synergy production in Elizabeth, Tennessee. Finally, our sales teams are being deployed to help franchisees, giving them added energy and more time in selling shorter payback items off their truck. Well, that's the Tools Group. Shifting tech preferences, pivoting operations to ensure the way forward, adapting products, capacity and sales focus, making the most of our strengths in the turbulence. Now for RS&I. The group results confirmed what we've been saying all along, Snap-on is well positioned to support repair shops, dealers and independents and keeping pace with the growing complexity of the car park. RS&I sales in the quarter were $450.8 million, up $12.9 million versus last year, including an organic sales rise of $8.8 million that was authored by volume with vehicle OEM programs for new models and platforms and by strong progress in undercar for both dealerships and independent shops, gains that served to offset the decrease in the big-ticket diagnostic items. RS&I operating earnings for the quarter were $113.3 million, and the operating margin was a still strong 25.1%, but down 20 basis points, reflecting the mix shift to lower-margin under car and OEM facing and the OEM-facing activities. But just like other segments, RS&I advances are driven by new products. And even the aging car park is filled with diverse and ever-changing models. Light-duty trucks and full-size SUVs are bigger than ever requiring a range of wheel configurations and sizes somewhere over 100 pounds. And at the recent repair industry, SEMA show in Las Vegas, we had one of our answers to that challenge on prominent display. Our new automated armored wheeler series wheel balancers, specifically designed for high-volume shops that require precision and reliability made from robust steel for enhanced and rugged durability. Even a small compact footprint, the balancers intelligent operating system uses sonar technologies to automatically measure both the wheel and RIM, eliminating the need for manual intervention, a great time saver in the shop. And for improved safety, the unit also includes heavy-duty pneumatic for us that physicians cumbersome tires on the spindle, making it unnecessary, protects and physically lift or manipulate the heavy assembly, substantially avoiding is the strain. The balancer also includes the high resolution touch screen and an intuitive interface and an effective ergonomic design. It's a powerful combination of accuracy, speed, durability and safety and the SEMA crowd clearly noticed. So that's RS&I. Shop repair remains robust. Vehicle complexity continues to advance abundant opportunities for a great future. The group has abundant opportunities for a great future and our RSI team has the products to take advantage. Well, that's our quarter and our year. For the quarter, sales up 3.5% as reported, 2.2% organically. OI margin reached 21.6%, up 10 basis points, and the EPS was $4.75, rising 7.5% and against the turbulence. The period was marked by extraordinary positives in the critical industry - in the critical industries that are C&I. The Tools Group not reaching our standard, but displaying margin gains and pivoting to match the technician shifting focus and RS&I, enabling both dealerships and independent shops to meet the challenges of higher complexity in new technologies and the full year 2023 sales of $4.7302 billion, up 5.6% organically, an OI of over $1 billion rising 10.5% and OI margin of 22%, an increase of 110 basis points, 110 basis points like that and EPS of $18.76, up $1.94 or 11.5%. It was another encouraging year. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $1196.6 billion in the quarter represented an increase of 3.5% from 2022 levels, reflecting a 2.2% organic sales gain, $9.1 million of favorable foreign currency translation and $5.5 million of acquisition-related sales. Sales were strong in our businesses serving critical industries this quarter while activity in our automotive repair market was mixed. Consolidated gross margin of 48.3%, including 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to 48.5% last year. Benefits from lower material and other costs and savings from the company's RCI initiatives were offset by the effects of a higher mix of lower sales and lower gross margin businesses. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales improved 30 basis points to 26.7% from 27% last year, primarily due to lower corporate expenses and benefits from higher sales volumes, partially offset by increased investment in personnel and other costs. Operating earnings before financial services of $257.9 million in the quarter, compared to $248 million in 2022. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 21.6%, including 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to 21.5% last year. Financial services revenue of $97.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $88.3 million last year, while operating earnings of $67.9 million compared to $63.9 million in 2022. Consolidated operating earnings of $325.8 million in the quarter compared to $311.9 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 25.2% compared to 25.1% in 2022. Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate of 21.4% compared to 22% last year, while our full year 2023 tax rate of 22.5% compared to 22.8% last year. Net earnings of $255.3 million or $4.75 per diluted share, reflected an increase of $16.4 million or $0.33 per share from 2022 levels and represented a 7.5% year-over-year improvement in diluted earnings per share. Now let's turn to our segment results for the quarter. Starting with the C&I group on Slide 7. Sales of $363.9 million increased from $343.2 million last year, reflecting an $11.6 million or 3.3% and organic sales gain, $5.5 million of acquisition-related sales and $3.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Organic growth includes a double-digit gain in sales to customers in critical industries, partially offset by a double-digit decline in sales of power tools. With respect to critical industries, sales to the military were robust as was activity in the aviation sector. As previously announced, during the quarter, Snap-on acquired Mountz Inc., a leading developer, manufacturer and marketer of high-precision torque tools. The acquisition complements and expands Snap-on's torque offering for a variety of critical industry applications. The operating results of Mountz are reported within the C&I group. Gross margin improved 150 basis points to 39.2% in the fourth quarter from 37.7% in 2022. This was largely due to increased sales volumes and the higher gross margin critical industry sector pricing actions, savings from RCI initiatives and the 30 basis points of benefits from acquisitions. These improvements were partially offset by 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales rose 60 basis points to 24.3% in the quarter from 23.7% in 2022, primarily due to a 30 basis point impact from acquisitions, as well as from investments in personnel and other costs. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $54.1 million, including $1.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $47.9 million last year. The operating margin of 14.9%, including 50 basis points of unfavorable currency effects compared to 14% in 2022, reflecting an improvement of 90 basis points. Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $513.3 million compared to $542.7 million a year ago, reflecting a 5.7% organic sales decline partially offset by $1.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic decrease reflects a high single-digit decline in the U.S. business, partially offset by a mid-single digit gain in our international operations. Gross margin improved 200 basis points to 45.2% in the quarter from 43.2% last year. This improvement primarily reflects decreased sales of lower gross margin products, which includes lower sales of items where the Snap-on Tools Group serves as a distributor for products made by our C&I and RS&I groups. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales rose 180 basis points to 23.6% in the quarter from 21.8% in 2022, largely due to the lower sales volume. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $111 million compared to $116.1 million last year. The operating margin of 21.6% compared to 21.4% in 2022. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $450.8 million, compared to $437.9 million in 2022, reflecting a 2% organic sales gain and $4.1 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic increase includes a high single-digit increase in activity with OEM dealerships and a mid-single-digit gain in sales of undercar equipment. These gains were partially offset by a high single-digit decline in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent shop owners and managers. Gross margin was unchanged from last year with benefits from lower material and other costs and savings from RCI initiatives, offset by increased sales and lower gross margin businesses. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales rose 20 basis points to 19.9% from 19.7% last year, primarily reflecting increased personnel and other costs. Operating earnings for the RS&I group of $113.3 million compared to $10.6 million last year. The operating margin of 25.1% compared to 25.3% reported last year. Now turning to Slide 10. Revenue from financial services increased $8.9 million to $97.2 million from $88.3 million last year, primarily reflecting the growth of the loan portfolio. Financial services and operating earnings of $67.9 million compared to $63.9 million in 2022. Financial services expenses were up $4.9 million from 2022 levels, including $3.9 million of higher provisions for credit losses. The year-over-year increase in provision reflects both the growth of the portfolio, as well as a return to what we believe to be a more normal pre-pandemic rate of provision. For reference, our gross worldwide extended credit or finance receivable portfolio has increased 8.5% year-over-year, and we believe the delinquency and portfolio performance trends currently remain stable. In the fourth quarters of 2023 and 2022, the respective average yield on finance receivables were 17.8% and 17.6%. In the fourth quarters of 2023 and 2022, the average yield on contract receivables were 8.9% and 8.6%, respectively. Total loan originations of $33.1 million in the fourth quarter represented an increase of $3.4 million or 1.1% from 2022 levels. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter-end balance sheet includes approximately $2.5 billion of gross financing receivables with $2.2 billion from our U.S. operation. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.8% for U.S. extended credit was up from 1.6% in 2022, but was the same as in the pre-pandemic period of 2019. On a sequential basis, the rate is up 30 basis points, reflecting the seasonal uptick we typically experience between the third and fourth quarters. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, trailing 12-month net losses of $50.4 million, represented 2.59% of outstandings at quarter end, which compares to 2.51% as reported at the end of last quarter. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $296.9 million in the quarter, represented 114% of net earnings and compared to $210.6 million last year. The improvement as compared to the fourth quarter of 2022, largely reflects lower year-over-year increases in working investment, which included a reduction in inventory in 2023 as well as higher net earnings. Net cash used by investing activities of $104.6 million included $42.6 million for acquisitions, net additions to finance receivables of $42.2 million and capital expenditures of $21.1 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $149 million included cash dividends of $98 million, and the repurchase of 217,000 shares of common stock for $60.9 million under our existing share repurchase program. As of year-end, we had approximately $22.9 million of common stock under our existing authorizations available for repurchase. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $29.6 million from 2022 year-end. Days sales outstanding of 60 days compared to 61 days as of 2022 year-end. Inventories decreased $27.2 million from 2022 year-end. And on a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.3% compared to 2.5% at year-end 2022. Our year-end cash position of $1.15 billion compared to $757.2 million a year in 2022. Our net debt to capital ratio of 3.8% compared to 9% at year-end 2022. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $900 million available under our credit facilities. As of year-end, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility, and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance, and I'll briefly review a few outlook items for 2024. We expect that capital expenditures will be in the range of $100 million to $110 million. In addition, we currently anticipate that our full year 2024 effective income tax rate will be in a range of 22% to 23%. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Al. The Snap-on fourth quarter and full year. Geographic variation, shifting customer perspective, growing macro uncertainties, all overcome by Snap-on's ability to wield disadvantages making the most of opportunities, continuing its positive and upward trend now demonstrated over multiple quarters and a significant number of years. The quarter did see the change in technicians perspective. And in pivoting with just the Tools Group volume did not meet our standards, but the tools team did blunt the difficulty with favorable mix and RCI driving improvement of OI margins up 20 basis points with the gross margin rising 200 basis points. The story with repair shop owners and managers was somewhat different. They recognize the need to upgrade and RS&I increase this rise in participation in OEM programs and extended its gains in undercar equipment, particularly in the expanding collision space. And finally, we saw C&I register another quarter of increasing importance to the corporation with the critical industries rising double digits and achieving another leap in margin reaching new margins, reaching new and significant levels. And it all resulted in a fourth quarter advancement against some substantial headwinds. Sales were up 3.5% as reported 2.2% organically. OI margins of 21.6% increased 10 basis points and an EPS of $4.75 rising 7.5%, all representing progress and a time when all was not where we'd like it to be. But I believe the bright-line story in this period is the full year sales for the corporation increased 5.6% organically. Opco OI margin rose 110 basis points, another significant advance and a long line of game reaching 22% for the first time, and the EPS was $18.76 up versus all comparisons.  And it was all offered by some noteworthy performance of the Tools Group, not encountering the smoothest sailing but still achieving an OI margin of 23.6%, an increase of 150 basis points. RS&I, sales up 6.7% organically and an OI margin of 24.3%, up 70 basis points off a strong base. And C&I, facing a landscape of challenges. We're growing 4.2% as reported 5% organically with an OI margin of 15.5%, up 140 basis points against 50 basis points of negative currency. And perhaps the biggest story of all is the emergence of the critical industry business, growing strong double digits in all four quarters demonstrating that we really can roll the Snap-on brand out of the garage at considerable margins. We see the quarter in the year as demonstrating that Snap-on does have multiple run rates for progress. And if one of our segments is challenged, we can still move forward achieving clear and continuing advancement driven by the other parts of the enterprise. And as such, we're encouraged by our presence and by our future. We believe that with our advantages in product, everyone recognizes we know work and we do make tasks easier. In brand, everywhere you go, among the - everywhere you go in the people of work, the Snap-on sign is displayed and spoken up with great pride. And in our people, a team, battle tested, who find the way forward and upwards despite the challenges, the results of 2023 say it so. And we believe, enabled by those advantages, Snap-on will overcome, we'll achieve and will advance continuing the positive trend throughout 2024 and well beyond. Now before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll address our franchisees and associates. I know they're all listening. I've spoken today with belief and confidence on our current situation on our way forward. I do so principally, but I do so principally because I know the capability and the quality demonstrated over and over by all of you. For your contributions and authoring our achievements, you have my congratulations. For the skills and energy you bring to our corporation every day, you have my admiration. And for the commitment you consistently display for the future of our mutual enterprise, you have my thanks. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Luke Junk with Baird. Please go ahead.
Luke Junk: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question here. Nick, for starters, I was hoping you could just expand. I know you mentioned some of these things in the prepared remarks already, but if you could just expand on Snap-on's most important growth drivers in the Tools Group as we go into 2024 here, really irrespective of what the market is giving you? And if you pivot aggressively enough, do you think that you can grow the tools business this earning?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, I think we can. I mean, I think we've done it. We did it We did it in the pandemic era coming out of the pandemic when confidence was kind of still in the tools. If you look at the first four quarters after the pandemic, it was mostly on shorter payback items. So we can make a good business out of that. We made it at the tail end of the financial recession as well. So we think that's the capability. We are simply - as you might say, what we saw coming out of the FFC, everybody was sort of business as usual, pumped up and they were ordering to a general mix of product. And then on late October and November, things started to look a little different to our franchisees, and they wanted to make a pivot because they had been through this rodeo before, and so they wanted to redirect. That's what we're doing. We think we have great things in hand tools and in diagnostics and in tool storage carts and maybe some of the lower lines of tool storage boxes themselves like at the classic series. So we're going to focus on that. That doesn't mean we're going to abandon the bigger ticket items, things like maybe Triton and so on in diagnostics or - which we believe is very strong but - or our boxes. But we're going to shift our focus. And it's important to talk about the capacity, Luke, because remember, we were already kind of bumping up the capacity, and we're fighting to expand it. And so what you want to do in this situation is try to use that expanded capacity in a redirected manner. So we actually have the volumes in the places we think are selling now. So we feel pretty good about that. Our product lineup is good. We've got a good - as I said, product leads the way. We've got a great array of hand tools coming forward. We got new tool boxes, diagnostics, power tools, all those things are going to work for us, we believe. So the way forward is, one, continue to drive the products, make sure we can actually deliver them. And then thirdly, as always, to try to help the franchisees in selling giving them more time to sell - and maybe sometimes it might take a little longer in this situation. So that's why we're deploying our field guys to get out there and provide a little bit more energy and time to the actual selling process. So we think it's a reasonable pivot. This is - again, it's not our first rodeo. It's not the Tools Group's first rodeo. So we think, okay, things have changed a little bit. We know how to respond.
Luke Junk: Thanks for that. And then I guess a related question would be the shift in mechanic sentiments that you saw mid fall. Just how do you think that improves the appetite for credit here and as you tracked either originations or just other trends in book, I'm thinking more from the demand side, Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, yes, you probably see less credit use in that situation. I mean, the originations were – I think Al was set down 1% in the United States in the quarter. So I mean, I think you see that kind of thing. And if you go back and you look at our numbers, say, coming out of COVID, let's say, quarter three and four of 2020 and first second quarter of 2021, you'll see that kind of phenomenon. So that could be the case. Now this is early days for this. Our people sense it. Well, the good thing about this is our people sensed it right away. And so sensing it, they changed their words that put a little strain on a factory because when you change the orders, it makes the capacity shrink a little bit. So you have those kinds of things. So I believe you may see a little pivoting away from that. Now I think this is right in tune with everything. I do believe, I've said it many times that there is a bifurcation economy that there's a financial economy, the kinds of people that I said in my talk that my remarks that we're talking about the recession is coming and recession is coming and the people are saying we're going to have a soft landing now. But the people at the grass level have a different view of the world. And if you look at the Wall Street Journal, the front page say and the paper position, there's an article saying just this. Actually, I met a bunch of franchisees, and I met a huge number of people in the factories and in garages in places like Conway and Louisville and a little bit in Tennessee and Milwaukee. So and they all kind of say the same thing. They got jobs. They got the cash coming in. But every day they get up and get bad news for breakfast. And you start to wonder about what's going to happen. So it's not that things are bad today, but people worry about how things are going to happen and what's going to happen in the future. And I think all of us looking at the events might say that's true.
Luke Junk: Okay. And then maybe a final question. This one might be for Aldo. Just hoping on what happened in the car tools business, specifically this quarter, if we look at the inter-segment, so it seems like things maybe step down quite a bit. I'm just trying to reconcile what you saw in order trends versus your impression of underlying trends in power tools. Is it possible that there is sort of a onetime adjustment in orders to level set inventory on the bans in power tools. Am I thinking about that right?
Aldo Pagliari: So in some ways, there's another buffer stock in between the tools maintained its own levels of inventory. So you're right, simply the Tools Group had less need to buy as much in power tools and diagnostics in the quarter. It doesn't mean necessarily that that flows onto one through the demand because you have inventories in between, both inventories at demand itself and the inventories in the hands of the Tools Group. But you have lower sales from C&I and from RS&I to the Tools Group, reflects actually pretty much power tools and diagnostic related products.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Actually, yes, I'd offer that - what you're seeing a phenomenon as you're seeing, as Aldo said, some adjustment there. And if you look at – if you actually look at careful look at C&I, you see they actually had a pop quarter to their traditional customers. But what happens in the power tools business is our new CT9038 came out 18 volt, it sold great, then this happened. And that kept selling, but the bigger ticket items in power tools, like the 18 volts just dropped off and people tended to want the 144 volt. Our supply chains are a little longer for that. We couldn't supply all of that. So you have that kind of situation. But if you look at the Tools Group level, power tools are not down, especially an outstanding amount. It's mostly between the Tools Group and C&I.
Luke Junk: Got it. I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Patrick Buckley: Hi. Good morning, guys. This is Patrick Buckley on for Bret. Thanks for taking our questions.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Okay.
Patrick Buckley: Could you talk a bit more on pricing versus units within the Tools Group. And then looking ahead, are pricing actions on the table here? Or is it more focused on pushing the shorter payable tools?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No. Pricing, we generally have - except in inflationary, exceptional inflationary times, which we've all been through more or less recently is we get 30 to 40 basis points of pricing, something like that. Most of our advancement basically comes from RCI and new product, which gets its margins. We get our margins for new products. We don't plan changing that approach. We're not really going to make a major adjustment in pricing going forward. This is more about shorter payback versus longer payback. It's the - think of it this way. It's just take a simple thing as a tool storage unit. Okay, you can buy a big epic and boy, they are great. People love them. They bring people up and show them their box, and they say, this is my dream, but that's not a quick payback. That's a longer payback. You got to work a long time and get efficiency from the size of that and the features in that to get a payback. But if you get yourself a cart, you can move from your workplace out into the shop, particularly in some of these independent chefs out into the shop yard or all over the shop. And that gives you immediate savings in time just there. And so that's the kind of thing I'm talking about is that shift to the idea. Is this thing going to pay for me right away, pay me back right away? Wrenches do that, particularly like the synergy I talked about here, which is a leap forward in terms of reliability and access and swing arc and make the jobs easier and able to beat the flat rate faster. So those are the kinds of things we're betting on. We've seen it work before. So I think the good thing about this is Tools Group saw it started to move on.
Patrick Buckley: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you. And then was there anything notable to call out in the corporate expense line and Q4 seemed to take a step down from the run rate we saw in the past few years?
Aldo Pagliari: So we had lower spending in the quarter on legal expenses in particular. We had a favorable settlement on a matter. So it was able to reduce our expenditures in the quarter. But the run rate for corporate expenses is running in a typical fashion.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Actually, it's about $113 million. It's $113 million in the year. That's up $5 million to $6 million year-over-year.
Aldo Pagliari: $113 million versus $1.08 million.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes.
Patrick Buckley: Got it. That’s all for us. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Stember with Roth MKM. Please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure.
Scott Stember: Nick, could you split out the different subsegments within tools, hand tools, power tools, obviously, sounds like color tools were down, but - and storage units, things like that? Thanks.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, it wasn't a lot of good - being down 5.7% is not a lot of good news to go around. The big kahuna moving downwards was diagnostics. They saw it diagnostics, and we have several ranges of diagnostics and the latest introduced was the soles - it's the low end of - I don't want to say low end, it's the lowest priced version of our product. And that pay in the quarter, not as well as we might have hoped in our situations. But what kind of went down was ZEUS, the top of the line and the next one down to Triton. And ZEUS had been introduced last year in the fourth quarter, so those comparisons around. But the biggest kahuna down was that. And then after that, I think actually Tool storage is up slightly, but all because of cards, pretty much because of carts and shop and tech were down. So, hand tools were down some. But if you looked at it, the thing that - one of the things that drove the margins, I think the important point out of that, Scott, what drove the margin improvement in the Tools Group despite the lower volume was that the stuff they make, the carts at Algona, the tool storage items and the hand tools were a bigger portion of their sales than in prior year - in the prior year. And so that that welded a much greater mix because from hands and what the tools group sells for hand tools and tool storage, they get both distribution and manufacturer margins for things like diagnostics and power tools and shopping tech stuff, they only get the distribution margin. So, there's a pretty big difference between those. So, you can get some pretty good news or bad news depending on how that mix works.
Scott Stember: So, going forward, obviously, you're focusing on quicker payback items. So, obviously, that would be hand tools? You're going to start cranking that up a little bit more?
Nicholas Pinchuk: You would say it this way. I mean there's - we like to think, Scott, that we could find quicker payback items than everything. Hand tools clearly mostly often, I should say often, our quick payback. The technicians can see quick payback. Certain versions of tool storage, as I've said, the carts in particular, which tend to be substantially cheaper and more efficacious because they're kind of an option to add on to a big box. And then or somebody can't afford a lot and wants to just get a Snap-On tool storage in some way at an affordable level. And then the lower end of that product, the classic series, which we're working on having in terms of in terms of programs coming up, which we've got scheduled for February and March. And so that would be the case. Diagnostics, it all tends to be bigger ticket items. So, there are - there is the sales at the lower end, and we have some - bring out a new diagnostic at some point during the year, which creates interest. But the lower ticket items is just at the bottom end of diagnostics. And then power tools can have I don't want to say big ticket items, but the 18 volts are a little more expensive. 14-volt is a lot more affordable and you tend to have a very focused application for where the 18-volt tends to be broader applications to bring that power to any place whereas the 18 - the 14-volt tend to be saying, I got this problem in this particular chassis area of the car I see, so I'm going to use that 14-volt. So, that tends to be quick payback as well. Those are the kinds of things you see.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then just a last question on the bigger picture. You said that the overall market, the underlying conditions look pretty strong. You're not seeing any warning signs for the businesses themselves, demand. I mean O'Reilly reported last night, and they said that their the professional business was up double-digits. So, I just want to make sure that we're not - this is not a canary in the coal mine that the underlying business--
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't think so. I mean I think everybody says the business is good. I mean, I don't know. First of all, I have two amps to that. One is the metrics. If you look at the BOL data, that all seems positive. I mean, the miles driven are up in that. It's a long way thing. But the spending on - household spending on repair up 4% year-over-year. That's a pretty good number. The number of tech up 4.5%. I used to be 1%. They're growing at 4.5%. The technician wage is up 7%. So those kinds of things good things and the car park, of course, keeps growing, and so they keep pumping it in. And the auto industry, while this doesn't make a difference too much is starting to come back, and they're still rolling out those new technologies. So all that seems to be from a quantitative point of view seems to be positive. Now the Bureau labor data can trail, so I don't know, and people have questions about that. But then, when you go out in the windshield survey and you talk to not only the people our franchisees who are out there every day, but to talk to the general people who work, they think cash is rolling for them. They're not going to say they're cash rich, but they are. And so I think things look good right now. And I don't expect this to change.
Scott Stember: Got it. And just to firm up a follow-up on something you said earlier. You would not be surprised to see the Tools Group return to positive organic growth?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, we don't give guidance. But I think I said like four times in my remarks, they weren't at standard.
Scott Stember: Got it.
Nicholas Pinchuk: We expect them to grow. If we don't, if we don't grow, they will be below our expectations.
Scott Stember: Got it. That’s all I had. Thank you.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: And our last question today comes from David McGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David McGregor: Yes. Good morning, everyone and thanks for taking my questions. Let me just start by sort of picking up on the last line of questioning. It sounds like hand tools and storage is doing maybe a little bit better in relative terms. But that's also where you were adding capacity in Elizabeth and Milwaukee and Algona. Are they doing a little bit better because you finally just have a little more capacity you're able to liquidate some of that backlog? Or is there maybe a better underlying demand story in those categories?
Nicholas Pinchuk: That's a complicated question because of the situation, you know? I mean, I guess, I don't know. I think this way, though, I'm pretty sure we're doing better because we had in the queue some ability to adjust for shorter payback items in those areas. That's pretty much the way I can answer it. Now what I will tell you is - David, this is an operating guys song is that when you're thinking that you're going to have - you're going to have promotions rolling out of your factories and all of a sudden, your customers come up and, say, never mind, we want to go over here. This tends to create a lot of, shall I say, inefficiencies. And so you have to adjust to that. So I don't think we got the full result the capacities we had hoped the capacity expansions we had hoped to get in the fourth quarter because of those changes, they just optimize what you've added. And so that's part of - that's a factor in all of this. Yes, the backlog for - some of the backlog for tool storage was down. So we liquidated some of that, but we still have backlog in those areas. So it's a complicated answer, I think. You might have some of that. But on the other hand, we couldn't fulfill it as much. We couldn't have liquidated as much as we would have had we had full - had been able to roll in the way we had planned to roll in our production plans coming out of the SFC.
David McGregor: Okay. Just a couple of other questions for you, Nick and Aldo, the trucks, I would love to get your sense if your organic growth was down 5.7%. What do you think the truck sell-through was?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I sort of know what it was, and it was better than that in the quarter and for the year, generally is better. This all tends to come out in the wash though - in the long run. But in the fourth quarter, the trucks were not down. We're substantially. They were still down, but not anything like the Tools Group.
David McGregor: Down low single digits?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Sure. I mean so you would say maybe the - you don't know, but they've kind of liquidated some things. So part of it is delivery - if you pick a particular product and you say a shift to that product, we do have inventory, but the point is sometimes you don't have that product and you have to make changes in the factory, sometimes we couldn't even deliver what they wanted.
David McGregor: Let me just shift to credit for a second, if I could. And Aldo, you normally share the breakdown on originations between finance receivables and credit receivables. Would you be kind enough to do that for us again this quarter?
Aldo Pagliari: You see the receivables, the originations were down, and that was more than offset by contract receivables. And similar to the results of the Tools Group, EC originations in the United States were down more than what we saw internationally. It was actually up in terms of EC originations. So that kind of gives you some of the blend.
David McGregor: Okay. And I guess within those origination numbers, can you distinguish between merchandise versus franchisees flipping RA and DC?
Aldo Pagliari: Actually, I was pleased to say, I know you're asking, David, actually, in the quarter, there's less than what would be the typical mix of what we call transfers, RA transfers where they transfer items from the revolving accounts over to EC. There's actually less of an effect of that. But for the full year, it's very consistent with where we expect it to be. So there's been no signs of franchisees using the credit company to finance their operations by moving things from their revolving accounts across I think that's what you're after.
David McGregor: Yes. And do you get a sense that there's an opportunity here to maybe I mean, you've got a very high-quality credit portfolio. I don't think that's ever been a doubt. Certainly, certainly, that's our sense. Do you get a sense there's maybe an opportunity here to relax a little on the credit standard in order to reinvigorate demand?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No.
David McGregor: It was a nice tight answer, Nick.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, if that was me.
Aldo Pagliari: If you think about what we said, people are lacking confidence to some degree for big-ticket items. I don't think the way hold is to discount the interest rate you're going to charge those to provoke a sale. So we're not into the - discounting isn't usually our style. It doesn't mean we might not come up with creative promotions and bundling and things like that. But I don't think discounting is the way.
David McGregor: And so what's the take on the regional kickoffs? Just help us think through first half that you're seeing in regional kickoff.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think we usually comment on the kickoffs usually in the first quarter call. But in general, and we tried to shift the kickoff at the last moment for - we took a different approach to kickoffs this time. We saw this problem. We try to concentrate on shorter payback items that seemed to go reasonably okay with those items. And then we established a little more program in February and March, thinking that if we kind of stretch the kickoffs into other months, then we would be able to have better adjustments to the current situation. So that's sort of what we did in the kickoff. I was at one in Las Vegas and turn yes, they usually send me the Deadwood, South North Dakota. This time, I got to go to Las Vegas. And we had the Canadian guys there. That seemed to go okay. They seem to be positive. The franchisees don't seem to be daunted by this. They just report what they see. 
David McGregor: Right. The last question for me is just maybe on the competitive dynamics. You've been fairly steady in terms of the number of trucks you have on the road now for quite a number of years. gather, maybe there's a few more company-owned versus franchise within the mix overall. But at the same time, your competitors have been increasing the number of trucks on the road. You sense this is starting to have a little bit of an impact on it. Do you feel like maybe there was a little bit of share loss this quarter versus some of your peers? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't know. I don't like to - I never like to talk about share. I never talked about share when our numbers were booming upwards, and I don't talk about it now. You could think that, but I don't think so. I think, look, we got - we have - I don't think - I think we're covering the universe with the 3,400-or-so franchisees that we have - so you could argue that some locations might be seeing competition where they haven't. But there are a few locations, David, that don't have any competition. So what does happen sometimes is tough, okay, somebody one or two or three. One of the other competitors will put somebody in place. But that guy, our guy in that territory has already been dealing with people and the other guy has its own competition and it might create more business. But I never hear the franchisees saying that. Why you logically might think that would be the case, and we think about it all the time, and I ask the question all the time, but they almost never say that. In fact, never.
David McGregor: Are you seeing any change in franchisee attrition rates?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, that's pretty held the same, pretty much the same in the quarter. So franchisees, just in the quarter, we saw more - I think we saw more longer than the Tool guys leave in the quarter, an interesting phenomenon. But that was - that's just a sort of anecdotal view of it. I don't not sure that could make some difference, but I don't think we worry about that in particular in terms of the day-to-day dynamics of the competition. 
David McGregor: Got it. Thanks very much. That’s all I’ve got. Good luck, gentlemen.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Hi, thanks.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Sara Verbsky for any closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day. 
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2023 Third Quarter Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note today’s event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today as we review Snap-on's third quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer, as well as on our website snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates, or beliefs or that otherwise discuss management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I'll start by covering the highlights of the quarter, and then I'll provide an update on our general environment and the trends we see. Aldo will then give you a detailed review of the financials.  Speaking about the last three months, I can say without question or qualification, we are once again encouraged fortified by the progress along our runways both growth and improvement. We encountered headwinds and we engaged challenges in a number of geographies still we capitalized on our opportunities, wielding our advantage and overcame the potential for disruption.  The franchising network remain resilient generating positive gains through a broad and sharp rise in critical industries expanding what is now a consistent upward trajectory enabled by the confluence of our robust market of growing product lines and an effective expansion of capacity in that business. And that progress was pretty evident in our numbers.  They speak for themselves. Reported sales were $1,159 million, up 5.2% from last year, a 4.7% organic rise and $4.4 million in favorable foreign currency effects with growth in every segments. This represents our 13th quarter, well, above pre-pandemic levels. OpCo income, OI before financial services were up 9.7%, reaching $245.2 million, OpCo operating margin rose 90 basis points to 21.2% with higher sales volumes, the benefits of great new products and the ongoing efficiencies of a rapid continuous improvement or RS&I more than offsetting up 50 basis points, a bad news from unfavorable foreign currency effects, 21.2% and 90 basis points. Nice.  The operating income for our financial services operation grew $69.4 million from the $66.4 million last year, a 4.5% improvement and the result - and that result combined with the OpCo performance to raise our consolidated operating margins to 25.1%, a 70 basis point rise from 2022. And EPS, EPS was $4.51. reflecting a 37 or 8.9% increase above last year. Strong.  Well those are the numbers. Once again strong signifying our corporation’s continuing advance. You see, we again believe that Snap-on is stronger now than at any time in our history and the results they say it so.  Now let's review the markets. In vehicle repairs, key metrics continue to be favorable. The average age of vehicles on the road continuing to rise and in turn the number of techs in the garages, in the garage is growing high to high mid-single-digits maintaining consistently positive trends period-over-period, period-over-period. That's clearly upward.  Technician wages are robust and continuing to climb. So the market is favorable and the metrics back it up. But more than the quantitative evidence, you get the feeling of optimism potential when you speak with technicians.  Recently, I had a chance to visit with our customers’ franchises and mechanics in New York. And I'm here to tell you the enthusiasm they displayed in the industry and the confidence they expressed in their future was something else. It was contagious. Even in this time of turbulence, the message was clear. They see opportunity and they're looking for more, more innovative solutions, that will increase productivity and take advantage of that potential.  And their confidence on the way forward is palpable. And we believe they see Snap-on products, brands and people as the best way to ensure that positive future. Vehicle repair is a strong market. We see this confirmed throughout the franchisee network in North America and in our international operations. It's one of the reasons we've expanded capacity.  We believe our franchisees and our technicians have never been more prosperous. It all makes sense. The car park is increasingly requires more repairs or greater complexity and our customers, the techs are major participants in that reality. They need - and they need new tools to follow the opportunity. Snap-on is positioned to take full advantage of that possibility.  Another important sector for us is the vehicle repair shop owners or managers. These are people who stand right next to the techs, but they buy at different cadences. This is where repairs systems and information group or S&I operates every day with advantage. The vehicle park is changing. The shops have to keep with the upswing model-by-model, new challenges, new challenges that they have to navigate.  Electronics to support more features. Automotive systems that enhance driver safety. New body materials to increase durability and reduce weight. Network of sensors to anticipate traffic and road conditions. No power trains. Enhanced internal combustion engines. EVs and plug-in hybrids and the conserved energy and on and on and on. Each of these, each of these trends creates opportunity for garages and they know it. But they also know it requires new more sophisticated equipment. The opportunity - that opportunity we see shines right through political uncertainty or economic turbulence.  We see, though that underneath every day when we call on the garages new software to guide repairs or manage the shop. Essential programs to accommodate either sequences of new vehicles, calibration protocols and advanced systems for sensor rays, advanced under car equipment to accommodate the precision - that the precision that supports efficient driving.  And we see the shop owners and managers are eager to take advantage of those trends Snap-on has the hardware and software to enable that pursuit bringing to shops and the results in our C&I are confirming the strength of that market and our strong position in it.  Finally, let’s discuss the critical industries. This is where we extend outside the garage solving tasks that that really matter. This is where commercial industrial or C&I lives. And where much more international activity happens. This is the arena of critical applications, space declarations, wind power maintenance, subsea mining, smelting that exceeds 2300 degrees Fahrenheit, the mobilization of first responders. All critical environments where the penalty for rearview was high and the need for repeatability and reliability often requires custom tools engineered for a single purpose. In other words, tasks that require a Snap-on solution.  Just like in previous quarters, the market is booming. Momentum in multiple sectors like the military, general industry, aerospace, heavy-duty and aviation. Of course, do just see variations from geography-to-geography, this is an international business. Areas impacted by external factors that create disruptions in Europe, with the uncertainty associated with the Ukraine war in Asia where the remnants of the pandemic are still pretty apparent; there's turbulence in China and the weakening of currencies these days are impacting particular countries.  But overall, the critical industries are robust offering us significant potential for taking advantage and making significant gains. And in the quarter, we did just that. So our markets are resilient and are on a positive trajectory and we believe that our runways for growth will present clear and abundant opportunities as we move forward enhancing the franchise network, expanding where repair shop owners and managers extending to those critical industries. And building and emerging markets.  Rising - rising and going forward by leveraging our broadening product line, wielding our strengthening brand, and deploying the increasing understanding of the work that is the hallmark of the Snap-on team. That's the markets.  Now, let's turn to the segments. In the C&I group, third, quarter sales reached $266.4 million, up $9.6 million, which includes $1.6 million in unfavorable currency effects and an organic sales growth of 3.2% above last year. From an earnings perspective, C&I's operating income was $58.1 million, up 11.1% double-digits including $2.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency. And the operating margin was 15.9%, an increase of 120 basis points overcoming 70 basis points of negative currency.  We did have some variation across the group - across the group business units with substantial gains in industrial vision offsetting declines in Asia operations. But as usual, the C&I rise showed the power of our Snap-on value creation, particularly on customer connection, innovation authoring great new products, solutions that make critical tasks easier, like our new CT9038 power tool.  We talked about this. We talked about this to a last quarter saying the franchisees were waiting for its launch. Well it was worth the wait. It's a special to0l. A three eight inch drive, 18 volt impact unit that, that, that offers compact housing measuring only five inches long. That's why we call it the stubby. The unique silhouette is made possible by engineering the overall housing mechanism to stabilize the electric motor rather than the standard approach of adding a whole independent structure to support the drive components.  It's an innovation that reduces overall body dimensions allowing users to navigate really tight spaces and believe me, that's an attractive advantage for engine and suspension work on newer vehicles. And it does that while still delivering 520 foot pounds of bolt break away torque, power capable of busting with even the most stubborn of seized and seized fasteners. It's what you would expect from Snap-on.  It's an ergonomically balanced - it's ergonomically balanced, greatly reducing user fatigue. It's equipped with a super bright LED light to clearly illuminate the workplace. It also offers three torque settings and forward and reverse and includes a variable speed trigger enabling techs to apply just that necessary force avoiding the fastener damage that you know, often can happen in tight spaces.  The September launch was a big way oversubscribed. Clear testimony to the appreciation of the stubby’s compact power and it's still showing great momentum. The orders remain very strong. It was worth wait.  C&I product is encouraging. But there's another story in the group. Our industrial division, extending the Snap-on brands to the critical industries. We've said in the past that the opportunity was there. Always needed was more capabilities to deliver. Well it played out just that way. We did add capacity for kidding and it drove results. Expansion came to the fall of the last year. And this past period was the third straight quarter of clear double-digit growth in the critical industries.  And that was what's strong margins. Gangbusters, gangbusters margins, gangbusters growth. It overcame the C&I challenge in Eastern Europe and Asia. And we believe we have much more room to run in the critical - in the critical industry's arena. So we're adding more capability in that business right now to take full advantage.  Let's C&I substantial challenges overcome by strong products and expanded capacity to drive upward in the critical industries and there's more to come.  Now on to the tools group. Sales line was up organically 3.7% over last year, reaching $515.4 million in the quarter. That's finished with great in a quarter, that finished with great momentum. And the Group's operating income continue to move strongly upward to $113.4, million, and 11% increase, double-digit increase over 2022 levels. Another in a series of those double-digit increases for the tools group and the operating margin was – it was 22% up 140 basis points from last year and that rise and – that considerable rise was achieved overcoming 50 basis points of unfavorable currencies, - a great quarter for the profitability and growth.  Now, the third quarter is when we hold our annual Snap-on franchisee conference what call is the SFC. This year the event was a net show with 9,000 people attending, franchisees, guests and of course, Snap-on team all participating in the, in a weekend of special - in a great weekend. It was a weekend of special training. Hands-on encounters with our massive product line and for some fun - for some fun, special Snap-on celebrations, they're really good.  The attendees had the opportunity to spend time ordering directly from the tool exit expo floor. And I am happy to say orders were up again this year, which is and that exposed spanned a space of over three football fields where our entire portfolio of products was on display, but it had a wide array of demonstrations and that was specially designed to showcase the Snap-on performance advantage.  The conference also provided a number training sessions, helping franchisees expand their business. Seminars and special breakouts, highlighting our product features and unique advantages in critical categories like power tools and diagnostics and we topped off that multi-day event. This is, these are the celebrations with a - of coach buses transporting the teams to downtown Nashville for unique Snap-on’s evening.  Boom, shakalaka was the word of the day with another memorable SFC and sightful, education, great, new products, and a special fellowship, a special fellowship that reinforces our unique bond with our franchisees. From my perspective, our van drivers at Nashville spoke enthusiastically about their current businesses and radiated firm confidence in their future with Snap-on. And if you were there, you would have seen it too.  During the tool expo, franchisees were able to spend time interacting with some of the new innovative products derived from our customer connections inside game, directly in the workplace handles were big at the SFC and in the quarter and the demand was driven by special new products like our 12 millimeter 6.6. meter Duramax glow plug socket.  This product was inspired by a franchisee observing the technicians removing blocking components one-by-one from a diesel vehicle, fender of special intake lines in steering shifts. These items create access barriers increasing the difficulty of executing the very basic repair of just changing diesel glow plugs, a routine test that that was made difficult because of our crowded engine compartment design with minimal regard for servicing.  We listened to the franchisee feedback, went to work designed - and new socket longer than the standard to reach the glow plugs from a distance. And with a flex mechanism that guide around the blockers, making - making it unnecessary to remove them. Technicians immediately recognize the considerable time savings that - it made the new sockets very popular.  It's another customer connection that transforms a laborious process, making more easier, freeing time and increasing tech capacity and therefore tech income.  Also on display was another Display was another example of customer connection, the new FHC 72MPRR, these product terminations are mouthful. Triples but it's a we call it a triple function ratchet. Three tools in one. Again, born out of customer connection directly in the worst place. First the ratchet head can be secured parallel to the handle serving as an traditional ratchet.  Next, the head can be adjusted to take any one of 16 available positions, 240 degrees around the handle centerline enabling the tool to work while reaching around obstacles. Finally, the unit can be placed in a free spin mode providing the tech with 360 degrees in continuous rotation, greatly reducing work time in low torque situations.  Our customers, the technicians again saw the great benefit of that improved productivity and that recognition made the triple function ratchet a million dollar hit product in just the first month of selling. It was another win for customer connection and a driver for the tools group. The tools group proves a third quarter achievement and momentum fueled by customer connection, innovative insight, anchoring great new products. And with the group’s continuous dedication to Snap-on value creation, we believe the hits in the progress will just keep on comments. Turning to RS&I. Sales of $431.8 million in the third quarter were up as reported by 4.2% with an organic improvement of 3.1%, expansions in the undercar equipment and our diagnostics and information portfolio continued to offset the OEM businesses where - which finished down slightly in a traditionally lumpy arena.  OI for RS&I was $104.9 million, up 10%, again double-digits from 2022 and the operating margins was 24.3% represent - which represented an improvement of 130 basis points again against 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency. We've great confidence in our RSI business. Our customers and industries, partners feel the same, and that confidence was demonstrated in the latest public recognitions.  Recently Motor Magazine shows our Zeus Plus fast track intelligent diagnostic platform as a top tool in 2023. Our premium handheld unit was recognized for simplifying the repairs, guiding technicians through the troubleshooting procedures avoiding unnecessary steps along the way and improving solution, accuracy, and most importantly, reducing the time to identify the proper fit. The Zeus Plus is the top of the line for vehicle repair and the publications know it recognizing our handhelds for our handheld new prominent bright screen, increasing the ease of use in direct sunlight.  It's faster processor with more onboard memory enabling greater task efficiency, and it's improved lab scope making component testing much more accurate and when professional tools and equipment knows ask this readers to choose the best new tools as recipients of that publication's People's Choice awards the tech selected seven Snap-on products led the Zeus Plus. The Zeus Plus top of the line indeed. Hardware, software, shaped by customer connection, another and a long line of distinctive and decisive RS&I products driving the group upwards and onwards.  We're quite positive about RS&I’s possibilities with repair shop owners and managers as the vehicle industry evolves and the quarter supports that confidence.  So those are the highlights of the quarter. Continued strong progress. The 13th straight quarter above pre-pandemic levels. C&I margins up year-over-year volume growth and strong, strong OI margins. The tools group, great products, confident franchisees and strong momentum. RS&I under car repair information activity leading the charge enabling the repair shops in the challenges in today's vehicles.  And the overall corporation sales up 5.2% as reported 4.7% organically. OpCo operating margin 21.2% up 90 basis points, overcoming 50 basis points of currency headwinds and an EPS to $4.51 rising 8.9% versus last year. It was an encouraging quarter.  Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo? 
Aldo Pagliari : Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $1,159.3 million of the quarter represented an increase of 5.2% from 2022 levels, reflecting a 4.7% organic sales gain and $4.4 million of favorable foreign currency translation.  Organic sales growth was balanced across all three of our operating segments and from a geographic perspective, we experienced year-over-year gains in North and South America, as well as Europe. Asia continue to be attenuated by weakness in China and Japan, the latter hampered by a depreciating Yen.  Consolidated growth margin improved 160 basis points to 49.9% from 48.3% last year as gross margins expanded across all of our operating segments. Contributions from increased sales volume with pricing actions, lower material and other costs and benefits to the companies RCI initiatives were partially offset by 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects.  Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales rose 70 basis points to 28.7% from 28% last year, primarily due to increased investment in personnel, and other costs. Operating earnings before financial services of $245.2 million in the quarter compared to $223.5 in 2022. As a percentage of net sales, operating larger before financial services of 21.2% including 50 basis points of unfavorable currency effects, reflects an expansion of 90 basis points over last year.  Financial services revenue of $94.9 million in the third quarter of 2023 compared to $87.3 million last year, while operating earnings of $69.4 million compared to $66.4 million in 2022. Consolidated operating earnings of $314.6 million in the quarter, compared to $289.9 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 25.1% reflects an improvement of 70 basis points from 2022.  Our third quarter effective income tax rate of 22.6%, compared to 21.6% last year. Net earnings of $243.1 million dollars or $4.51 per diluted share, including an $0.08 per share impact from unfavorable foreign currency, reflected an increase of $19.2 million and $0.37 per share from 2022 levels, and represented an 8.9% year-over-year improvement in diluted earnings per share.  Now let's turn to our segment results for the quarter. Starting with C&I Group on Slide 7. Sales of $366.4 million dollars increased from $356.8 million last year reflecting $11.2 million or 3.2% organic sales gain which was partially offset by $1.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Organic growth includes a double-digit gain in sales to customers and critical industries, partially offset by a double-digit decline in the segment to Asia Pacific operations.  With respect to critical industries, sales to the military were robust as was activity in the aviation sector. Overall C&I organic sales to external customers were up 7.1% for the quarter. Gross margin improved 210 basis points to 39% in the third quarter from 36.9% in 2022. This was largely due to increased sales volumes in the higher gross margin critical industry sector, pricing actions and benefits from RCI initiatives.  These improvements were partially offset by 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales rose 90 basis points to 23.1% in the quarter, from 22.2% 2022, primarily due to increased sales and higher expense businesses and investments in personnel and other costs.  Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $58.1 billion, including $2.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $52.3 million last year. The operating margin of 15.9%, including 70 basis points of unfavorable currency effects, compared to 14.7% in 2022, reflecting an improvement of 120 basis points.  Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on tools group of $515.4 million compared to $496.6 million a year ago, reflecting a 3.7% organic sales gain and $500,000 of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales growth reflects a double-digit gain in our international operations and a low-single-digit increase in our US business.  Gross margin improved 140 basis points to 46.3% in the quarter from 44.9% last year. This increase is primarily due to higher sales volumes and pricing actions and benefits from RCI initiatives, partially offset by 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales was unchanged from last year with benefits from higher volumes offset by increased personnel and other costs.  Operating earnings for the Snap-on tools group of $113.4 million including $2.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $102.2 million last year. The operating margin of 22% includes 50 basis points of unfavorable currency, compared to 20.6% in 2022 reflecting an improvement of 140 basis points.  Turning to the RS&I group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $431.8 million compared to $414 million in 2022 reflecting a 3.1% organic sales gain and $4.8 million of favorable, foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase includes a high-single-digit gain in sales of undercar equipment and a low-single-digit increase in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent shop owners and managers.  These gains were partially offset by a low-single-digit decline in activity with OEM dealerships where we often see variability in essential tool programs from period-to-period. Gross margin improved 260 basis points to 45.5% from 42.9% last year, mostly due to lower material and other costs and increase sales volumes and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales went up by 130 basis points to 21.2% from 19.9% last year, primary reflecting increased personnel and other costs. Operating earnings for the RS&I group of $104.9 million compared to $95.4 million last year. The operating margin improved 130 basis points to 24.3% from 23% reported last year.  Now turning to Slide 10. Revenue from financial services increased $7.6 million to $94.9 million from $87.3 million last year, primarily reflecting the growth of the loan portfolio. Financial services, operating earnings of $69.4 million compared to $66.4 million in 2022. Financial Services expenses were up $4.6 million from 2022 levels, including $4 million of higher provision for credit losses.  The year-over-year increase of provisions reflects both the growth of the portfolio, as well as a return to what we believe to be a more normal pre-pandemic rate of provision. Sequentially, the provision for credit losses decreased by about $500,000. For reference, our gross worldwide extended credit or finance receivable portfolio has increased 9.3% year-over-year and we believe that delinquency in portfolio performance trends currently remains stable.  In both the third quarters of 2023 and 2022, the respective average yield on finance receivables was 17.7%. In the third quarters of 2023 and 2022 average yields on contract receivables were 8.8% and 8.6% respectively. Total loan originations of $305.2 million in the third quarter represented an increase of $5 million or 1.7% from 2022 levels, including a 4% increase in originations of finance receivables.  Moving to Slide 11, our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.4 billion of gross financing receivables with $2.1 billion from our US operation. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.5% for US extended credit is the same as it was in this period last year. On a sequential basis, the rate is up 20 basis points reflecting the seasonal trend we typically experience in the third quarter.  As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, trailing 12-month net losses of $47.9 million represented 2.51% of outstandings at quarter end, which is up slightly from the 2.45% reported at the end of last quarter.  Now, turning to Slide 12, cash provided by operating activities of $285.4 million in the quarter represented 115% of net earnings when compared to $129.9 million last year. The improvement as compared to the third quarter of 2022, largely reflects lower year-over-year increases of working investment, as well as higher net earnings.  Net cash used by investing activities of $59.7 million included net additions to finance receivables of $35.1 million and capital expenditures of $25.1 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $135.3 million included cash dividends of $85.6 million and the repurchase of 194,000 shares of common stock for $51.8 million under our existing share repurchase programs.  As of quarter end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $304.5 million of common stock under our existing authorizations.  Turning to Slide 13, trade and other accounts receivable increased $15.1 million from 2023 events. Net sales outstanding of 60 days compared to 61 days as of 2022 year end. Inventory decreased $200,000 from 2022 year end. On a trailing 12 month basis, inventory turns to 2.4 compared to 2.5 at year end 2022. Our quarter end cash position of $959.3 million, compared to $757.2 million at year in 2022. Our net debt to capital ratio of 4.8% compared to 9% at year 2022.  In addition to cash, we expected cash flow from operations, we entered into a five year $900,000 multi-currency revolving credit facility on September 12, which amends and restates our previous $800 million facility. As at quarter end, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding.  That concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance. But briefly review a few outlook items for the remainder of 2023. We anticipate the capital expenditures will approximate $100 million. In addition we currently anticipate that our full year 2023 effective income tax rate will approximate 23%.  I’ll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, that's our third quarter. You know, I always say as the third quarter could be somewhat squirrely, not always indicative of trends. That's because of the SFC and the vacation seasons around the world. But having said that, the last three months haven’t been encouraging. We took on some significant headwinds, the war in the Ukraine, and the uncertainly in China, both politically and economically.  We engaged those challenges came through at all with clear progress. New heights across the board. Continuing our - it all, continue our upward trajectory movement, the upward conjecture we've been on for some time. We spoken quite a bit about capacity constraints, first in the industrial business and later in the tools group, born of the increasing demand for our solutions.  And in this quarter, we clearly see the power of such expansions wielded by capable of experienced team enabled by decisive advantages, and products, and brands and applied in markets that are critical and resilient even amidst the challenges. The industrialization is performing as we said it would. Clear double-digit growth and strong profitability now, demonstrated for three straight quarters as its new capacity has come online.  And the tools groups starting to see the very early effects of that capacity propulsion closing out the quarter with great momentum and with significant rises in overall profitability. At RS&I, not capacity bound, but establishing a strong and profitable position in the repair shops with software strength like our Mitchell 1 systems, diagnostic ascendance like our decorated Zeus Core to Intel and by clear answers to challenges of repair complexity up and down the under car equipment line, continuing the steep upward trend in that broad product arena.  This was an encouraging quarter. You can see it in the results. C&I sales up 3.2% organically, external sales, particularly robust. Significant gains in critical industry overcoming the uncertainty of Europe and Asia. OI margin of 15.9% up 120 basis points against 70. Again, 70 basis points of unfavorable currency. The tools group sales was up organically 3.7% close to target exiting the quarter with momentum as the expansion start to help and an OI margin of 22%, up 140 basis points. Again overcoming 50 basis points of currency headwinds.  In RS&I, sales rising 3.1%, OI rising 10% and the OI margins reaching 24.3%, an uplift of 130 points. And all drove the corporation higher. Sales were up 4.7% organically. Overall OpCo operating margins were 21.2%, a gain of 90 basis points, 90 basis points against 50 basis points a bad currency and all of that drove an EPS of $4.51, up versus every comparison.  And we believe that with our decisive and widening advantages in product, the Snap-on value creation process, customer connection and innovation, people keep - will keep rolling out powerful new products day after day. Our advantages in brands Snap-on remains the outward sign of pride and dignity that working men and women take in their profession.  Everybody knows it's true and advantages in people. Our battle tested and capable team people that expect to rise even against difficulties. With those advantages amplified by capacity investments and applied to resilience and critical markets we believe that our enterprise will rise on a clear and continuing positive trajectory through the remainder of the year on into 2024 and well beyond.  Now before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly to our franchisees and associates. My friends, this was an encouraging quarter. It was hard one against significant turbulence and it was driven by your constant dedication and effort. For the success in our third quarter delivered by your hands, you have my congratulations.  For the extraordinary capability you bring to bear every day and every situation, you have my admiration. And for the unwavering confidence you consistently express and clearly demonstrate in the future of our enterprise and our team, you have my thanks.  Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Brad Jordan at Jeffries. Please go ahead. 
Patrick Buckley: Hey, good morning guys. This is Patrick Buckley on for Brad. Thanks for taking our questions. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. 
Patrick Buckley: Last quarter, you guys called out the demand exceeding capacity in a few tools product lines. Did you see that mix mismatch balance out this quarter? Or has some of the trends persisted there? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yeah. Well, like, I think I – what I was trying to say in my remark is that it got better through the quarter. We started to get some of the value with the capacity expansions. We’re starting to get the early effects of those things. So you saw some of that start to balance out, but it's still there. We expected to continue to - but those capacity expansions to continue helping us going forward.  But it's kind of the same thing. When we have these capacity constraints and they were principally in hand tools and in the tools group, there were at hand tools and in and tool storage as the quarter, we see them ease a little bit, but they're not where we want them to be. They're going to be, yes. 
Patrick Buckley: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you. And then, within your OEM dealership customer base, you guys will –in that RS&I business you called out some weakness and lumpiness. Is overall demand pretty healthy there or what exactly is the driver? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Demand is pretty healthy on a relative basis. I mean, the thing is what these businesses what this business referred to is, these are projects, programs authored or commissioned by OEMs principally to deal with the idiosyncrasies of a changing environment or with a new vehicle. Maybe it needs a new trailer hitch adjustment because something wasn't anticipated or a different tool to take out the wiring harness or maybe to support vehicle charging stations that dealerships once because electric vehicles are coming on or maybe for a special.  And what it is, is the OEM ask us to configure the product and then distribute it to its dealerships. And, that’s been going upwards. But it is lumpy, it's big project, that's a big project that's good product. So if you get, x number of men in one quarter and you get x minus one in another quarter is a little bit of pressure on that. In this situation, the, the EQS business was down somewhat.  Well, I think low-single-digits or something like that, but it was really last year it has risen tremendously associated with the fuselage of new models that are rolling out into the markets. And so this is down somewhat versus a pretty strong position. So it just reflects kind of some lumpiness along the surface for that business and that’s created some offset to C&I. For RS&I. 
Patrick Buckley: Got it. That's helpful. That's all for us. Thanks guys. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research. Please go ahead. 
Gary Prestopino: Hey, good morning everyone. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Good morning, Gary. 
Gary Prestopino: Nick, can you - you said that the orders coming out of the conference were strong. I mean, could you give us some idea of some metrics to surround that? I mean, was it one of … 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yeah, sure. They were up mid-single-digits. So, this is a nice we like this kind of thing because it shows we're going to keep growing in that sort of range we expect to grow. It's been upward during the pandemic, it have been up more higher at some points. But generally mid-single-digit growth is pretty good for us. We were kind of very encouraged by that idea. You know, you got to remember though Gary, as you know very well, these things are just orange. You know, they are orders. They are not necessarily sales and those orders are spread out over six months or seven months.  So it's hard to correlate them to anything in particular, but having said that, having orders up mid-single-digits is better than a poking an eye with a sharp stick. You know, it's okay. We kind of like that. 
Gary Prestopino: Right. Okay. And then, just a question just in terms of, as we go forward as the car park gets older, but you're starting to get more of a proliferation of older cars with technology where does your emphasis go at that point? Does it more of a shift from hand tools to increased diagnostics? Specialized diagnostics for these cars? Or is that just or maybe you can give us some guidance there? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: The thing is, is that you would think that would be logical. I would. Yeah, for sure, it bodes greater emphasis on electronics and software and other highly - high tech things like calibrations and things like that, which are the words of the day, then they are now, and then you are going to see a continuing upswing of that investment and the capability and value and revenue and profit generated by that stream.  But I'm not so sure that hand tools will be attenuated, because as we look backwards, you know we remember this industry in the 90s where the number of trouble codes, electronic trouble codes on a car were measured in dozens. Now they're measured in tens of thousands and the demand for handle tools is only going up.  So I would, I'm not so sure that hand tools will be lessened. I believe that software and electronics and diagnostics and calibration will be increased. That's what I would say. Now, by the way, the hand tools are pretty good margin. But it’s hard to predict those, because like I try to explain and explain since I was putting out with the diesel plug, gold plug sockets and the triple flex function in ratchet.  Really these are things that are observed after the cars on road and you see the struggles that the technicians are having and you would enable them. And so I would anticipate they will continue to be in demand as we go forward. We haven't seen any abatement of that demand even as we've seen a growth in the electronics and calibration business. 
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then, just a question for Aldo, just on the tax rate, Aldo, I think you have kind of said and have the numbers in front of me, but your tax rate for this year would be between 23% and 24% on previous calls. Now you’ve stepped it down to 23%. But to get to that kind of a tax rate for the year, you're going to have to be somewhere over 24% for Q4. Am I reading that, right? 
Aldo Pagliari : That will be the neighborhood actually of - I think our rate year-to-date it’s put them all together is around 22.9% or something like that. So we are in the ballpark area. So I think it'll be in that neighborhood in Q4 We've had some favorable outcomes on reducing our state taxes along with some other items. But that's what benefited Q3. In order to Q3 last year it was even better. So sometimes there's variation that occurs from time to time. But 23% is about the right number I think we're going to get to this upcoming full year. 
Gary Prestopino: Okay.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Actually you are looking over a year we had you know kind of a - what 6,7,5,6 cents impact for taxes year over year each quarter. Negative impact. Yeah, so we still were up 8.9% even with the $0.37 even when that $0.06 impact. 
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from David McGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead. 
David McGregor: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Hi, David. 
David McGregor: Hey, Nick. I just wanted to ask you about the UAW strikes and any potential impact or re precautionary decision across the business. You talked already about the dealership business and you characterized as being lumpy, but I'm wondering just maybe OEMs told you to hit the brakes on that. Well, they are sorting the strike issues and then there was any followed on the tool segment as well? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yeah, that's a complicated. Look, it's hard to predict, of course, this is like shooting darts in the dark or something. But, look, I think I think this is the situation. First of all, I want to correct just a little bit. The dealership business itself was not down. The OEM programs were down some, but they were still at a relatively historically high levels even though they backed off a little bit, year-over-year. So we haven't seen what I would call a significant pullback in the OEM programs at this point. Having said that, the OES, the UAW strike, I used to work for the auto companies themselves, and they are cash monsters, you know, they eat cash like mad and so it could happen as the strike goes on longer, you could see some diminishment in that business, in that particular business.  Now, when that would hit, I'm not so sure because, they might not cancel programs. They must just delay some or they may they may in fact cancel future programs. Not so clear how they would play out. But it is a possibility that that would happen. Regarding the dealerships themselves, I don't necessarily – I think the effect on them is unknowable because sometimes if they don't get new cars, they just turn more attention to repair and parts.  And so this is good news for us. Sometimes they pull in the back down the hatches and reduce. But generally I think they tend to look at more at repair and parts if they don't get the new cars and that's not so bad. So I see that as being the two possibilities playing out. 
David McGregor: Right. Okay, thanks for that. And then, just back to your earlier observation with the SFC order book was up 5% to mid-single-digit. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think it’s 5, to kind of mid-single. 
David McGregor: No you said mid-single. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Right. 
David McGregor: Right. Single-digit minus – I apologize. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure.
David McGregor: I'm just trying to sort of reconcile that with some of the capacity challenges you're facing which are clearly improving, but it sound like they'll still be somewhat of an issue in 4Q. Do you see more of the fulfillment on that order growth being channeled into sort of 4Q and maybe on a year over basis than what you would seen a year ago when there wasn't that kind of an impediment in place? And there was a consequent you might see a little bit of incremental growth from that concentration in 4Q? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: I guess. I don't know, I think I'm not quite sure I understood exactly the import of your question, David. But, but the thing is, the way I see it is, the capacity is getting better. Even if you have the building up, you can start putting in the machines there's a ramp up period. You don't have this worse and so you kind of get this, it starts to help you. The first the first product that comes out is the help but it's not so clear how much of a help will be.  I think, you'll still see us in a fourth quarter trying to stick handle around the capacity issues and that's part of the thing that's here. But that's stick handling will get more – less complex and therefore we should be able to take more advantage of the orders. But the timelines, the time constants associated with that are always pretty hard to predict, the dependent on your ability to wrap up, which we have a lot of faith in and it is dependent on the nature of the orders applied against those.  I would simply say that looking forward we feel like we're in a better position than looking recently backwards. 
David McGregor: And then - maybe this is a questions for Aldo, but are you able to talk about just, the impact on margins from the capacity constraints and incremental costs associated with that in 3Q? 
Aldo Pagliari : No, the overall margin performance is pretty solid as you saw across the board. Sure, there are incremental cost and expediting expenses and elements of over time of overtime having to be expended. But at the same time, we with the supply chain improvements that have occurred over the past 12 months or so, we have more resources to turn our attention to RCI initiatives. So, David, well, there is a lot of challenge in any quarter we expect to rise the occasion and try to offset those incremental costs.  But yes, there will be some incremental cost involved, but the tools group and the other segments are able to offset that. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't know I had a chime in here though. In my book, I think over a hundred basis points margin improvement in every segment - I don't know, sounds gangbusters to me. Not so. And so, it sounds pretty good to me. So I think - I think it should be helped going forward, but I'm not sure where that will lay out. We anticipate like, I say we expect to improve margins all the time. 
David McGregor: Great. Thanks gentlemen. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Christopher Glenn with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Glenn: Hey, thanks. Good morning all. Curious Nick if you could elaborate on your comments about expand adding capabilities in the critical industry space, what types of activities? What's the scale? What exactly are you chasing so to speak? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, look I think this a first of all, I would say that we haven't plumbed the complete ceiling of the first capacity expansion. By the way, just as a commercial, if you want to, if you want to behold the capacity expansion, you could look at it and I think the back page of our annual report this year. So, it's right there. Pretty, pretty sizable thing. And so we're still figuring out how to wheel that. That's how it works.  You start out and it's pretty good and then you do better, better and better. So I think we have some, some ways to go there. What I'm talking about adding is, we just added a new machine shop, just for the critical industries in that space. And so that's a particular product where we used to have to outsource them. They took longer to do and we weren't as effective in getting them out. And so we decided to do it ourselves in-house. And so we see that will match up one, we can we can be more efficient in sourcing, which is a big factor for us and two, we can be more creative and actually matching the direct demands that customers want. So that's what I meant. 
Christopher Glenn: Great. And then, cash is approaching $1 billion. Now, not sure what level you are comfortable holding but that will kind of keep piling up unless you accelerate some sort of deployment. So I am wondering how you are thinking about that cash balance? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, look, I think, I think this, first of all, we are very working capital intense. So, as we move upwards, you tend to use some of that cash for working capital. Although, we're in an era where we were, we used working capital to cushion ourselves against the difficulties of the pandemic. So, some of that go way out. We look hard at our dividends, which we have paid every quarter since 1939.  And I love to say at this point have never reduced it any quarter since 1939. And so, perpetuity is our guiding line on dividend. So we'll look at that again, we’ll look at that. And then, you have things like pension and you have, you have things like acquisitions, which are important to us. So, we have a landscape of acquisitions, which will constantly look at.  Like, I always say, some are big, some are small and we're not afraid to make a big one. So I kind of like having a war chest for that, especially in these tides when the when the interest rates are pretty high. And then finally we look at buying back opportunistically shares. 
Christopher Glenn: Yeah, following up on the pipeline, are you seeing any changes in availability actionability of some of the larger prospects? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: I'm not seeing any. I guess we see a little bit more availability. I'm not sure actionability is any better or not. I think there's been a lot of discussion of that. I think bankers – every bank that you see wants to talk about that. But I don't see much difference in that regard. You would think prices would be coming down with the maybe with interest rates rising. I don't know but - I don't see that. We see a little more availability, though. Little more availability. 
Christopher Glenn: Okay, great. Sorry last point for me. I think you said technician concept meant to high-single-digits. I imagine there's some lag effect to seeing that benefit. Is that fair to think about that as a lead indicator and driver during that ‘24? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think that is fair to look, I think, especially sense there's an accelerator there, Christian. I've been in a shop I am ten1years. And for most of the years technicians were growing at 1%, 1.1%, that was just this. It was really like, a metronome. 1.1%, 1.1% , 1.1% And now it's growing mid single digits. And so, this has got to come in and accelerate for us because one, they'll be more technicians and two, the new guys need to tool up.  Now, of course that tool up takes on different shapes. So, for example, they may not be buying the top of line boxes right away. They may be focused on cards, which in fact if you looked at our tool storage business in the past quarter, it was heavily guided to cards. And so, we're seeing some of that effect right now.  What they do need to tool up and one of the great things about it is, we spent, I think we're like thousands of schools around the country trying to make sure that people understand that the Snap-on brand is the most powerful brand that repair making students Snap-on customers for life. And I think we see that as they come out into the marketplace. So growing Texas music to warriors. 
Christopher Glenn: Thanks for all the color. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Scott Stember with Roth MKM. Please go ahead. 
Scott Stember: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Hey Scott. 
Scott Stember: Hey. Within the tools, could you just tell us how some of the sub segments did, hand tools versus tool storage versus diagnostics in power tools? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yeah. Look, I think the big the big cohonent this month was hand tools, just not last quarter, it was hand tools sold very well in the quarter. And so that, that was pretty strong. Diagnostics was off certainly after three good quarters and they didn't have a new installation here. And power tools was down somewhat because the stubby wasn't launched for sale until after the SFC.  So that was really a back-end phenomena given part of the great momentum in that situation. If you look at the back end, you would see power tools being a big factor in that situation because it's sold like wildfire. Like I said, the wait was worth it but we demonstrated at SFC people were crowding around it, but we weren't selling it.  We just wanted to create more pent-up demand in that situation. Tool storage was down somewhat, but that was pretty much a substitution of as I just said, of got the carts which are lower, lower value per unit than the bigger units. And they take up a little more, a little more manufacturing space. So that, that kind of thing is what was in was in tool storage. Units were pretty good, but revenues were a little lower because of the mix. 
Scott Stember: Got it. And as far as the sales after van versus into the van. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sales off the van probably follows the, you can say they pretty much follow the tools group, in terms of the numbers you saw in the tools group in general overall and the rise at the end of the quarter. I think one of the things this time, I think we saw a lot of vacations in some cases, like we always do that's why I say these quarters were squirrely. 
Scott Stember: At the sell-in – sell-through was was essentially the same as sell-in. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Must be the same. Yes. 
Scott Stember: Okay. Got it. And then just last housekeeping question I saw the corporate expense up five plus million. What was that related to? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Pretty much stock-based compensation was a lot of it and part of that is, okay, I think we're doing a little better this year than last year and just a basic year. But also, after you put several years together of good if you go back and look at our numbers, they're up, up, up, up. You know, you are talking about quite a bit of getting - point OI margins to start, it starts to work its way into the long term incent this as well. So, you're starting to see some of that play out in that situation. There are other things drifts and drafts here, but that I think for government work, that's it. 
Scott Stember: Got it. That's all I have. Thank you. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Okay. 
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today comes from Luke Junk with Baird. Please go ahead. 
Luke Junk : Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. A couple of margin related questions for me at the segment level. First one Nick, just if I look backwards in the tools group, there's just been a lot going on there in terms of material inflation, supply chain, product, mix that's been variable and it seems like those are things that could settle down into next year.  And I guess I said that against what's already been a step function change in profitability in the tools group. Do you see any key offsets or risks that we should be thinking about going into next year maybe normalizing price increases versus just building off of where the tools business is now and sort of a normal margin progression into 2024? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: No. I don't - I look, I think this time material wasn't a major factor. Tools group is sort of over that, you know. And so I don't think you're going to see that. I think the tools group is just on a good - what, what you eat. But by the way, all the - lot of the things you mentioned, like product mix and all that that wasn't on it. It's all every quarter there. Here's been like this, every quarter is like that.  They're always a mix of things that happen in the tools group. So we just simply try to balance them so they drive things upwards. This quarter, we got a nice dollop of good margin business. The hand tool business is pretty good. And by the way, when you take a customer connection and you solve somebody's problems, that's why I try to talk about those two things.  When you get the glow plugs out in a substantially shorter time, people want that and you get your margins for it. It might seem arcane, but that's the kind of stuff that gets you money. When you provide them a triple flex ratchet, where they can use three different things that are having problems getting around them, they will pay it for it.  And that kind of stuff works for us. So most - I think one of the things that's been driving our margins in this period and all the periods has been a relatively robust product activity. Now, one of the things that did happen, I think fairly is during the pandemic when supply change started to be a problem, we were focusing on our engineers on substitution somewhat and took away new product capacity, because the engineers, we only have so many engineers, some of them are working on trying to find components that you can actually source, so you can deliver.  But now that that's all over, we can turn the engineers on new product again. So the machine starts rolling at full speed. So we feel pretty good about this actually going forward. 
Luke Junk : Thanks. And then just a follow up on RS&I, just thinking about mix in that business. So maybe I'm reading into this too much in which case, tell me if I am, the under car equipment, that's been growing strong double-digits for going, three years now just slightly lower growth up high-single-digits this quarter.  I'm just thinking of sort of the mix of growth here between the software businesses in under car equipment and to what extent we might see more of that software mix shine through going forward. Thanks. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I don't know. I mean, I think we'd like to see the software mix go up. I mean I think you're going to see that software is up nicely. I mean Mitchell 1 had a better, nice quarter. Mitchell 1 had a great quarter, people or the repair shop owners or managers, or whatever they and we see that building there. So we think we got that on with some great new adjustments and we got more coming.  You got the diagnostics business, which will which will I think as we move forward new offerings will drive that business. And - but undercar equipment is lower - is lower profitability, but in the context of relativism they are I don't know, I believe at all-time high in profitability for them. So when you compare year-over-year, you're getting a positive margin contribution from those guys.  So what we have here, I mean, I think the way forward is somewhat what you're talking about, the way forward for RS&I is more software, but also we believe we can raise the margins in things like the equipment business. Because we have been doing it and they're at an all-time high now and going upwards. So we see those to be the two, I guess factors in that situation.  So that's where I see. So I think pretty good things. But look, RS&I with good sales and equipment with good strong sales and equipment that what were they, 24.3% up 130 basis points, that's not shop liver. So they seem to be able to keep improving, go back and look at the results. They keep going upwards. I think that'll continue. 
Luke Junk : Okay. Yeah, I’ll leave it there. Thanks for that comment on the equipment margins. That's helpful, Nick. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. 
Operator: Thank you and ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Sara Verbsky for any closing remarks. 
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on Snap-on.com. As always we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode for the duration of the call. [Operator Instructions]. Please also note that this event is being recorded today. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Joe, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today as we review Snap-on's second quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the downloads tab in the webcast viewer, as well as on our website snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates, or beliefs or that otherwise discuss management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. Today, I'll start the call by as usual, by covering the highlights of the second quarter, and I'll give you my perspective on the environment and the trends we're seeing. A long way we'll cover the markets. They're encouraging actually. And I'll take you through the segments and the advancements we've made. Then Aldo will provide a detailed review of the financials. We see the second quarter as a period of significance. Sometimes you see a performance where you breakthrough into new heights. And this is one of those times. I'm going to tell you why we believe that to be true. In some ways, though, it was similar. This period was similar to many periods we've seen over time, as we continue to have significant headwinds. And there's always turbulence variation from market-to-market. But we believe it's our job to confront and overcome these obstacles, and we did just that in the second quarter by wielding the strength of our advantages, executing on our strategic runways for growth, making the most of our runways for improvement, and by relying on the skills and dedication of our people. And once again, it paid off the numbers screen it's sold, but here they are. As reported, second quarter sales of $1,191.3 billion were up 4.8% from 2022, including the impact of $8.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Organic activity was up 5.6%. The 12 straight quarter of year-over-year expansion beyond pre-pandemic levels. That's a trend that demonstrates that we believe it is a solid consistency during pretty uncertain times. Now let's talk about the earnings. OpCo operating income for the quarter, including the effects of unfavorable foreign currency was $277 million, up 12.3%. And our OpCo operating margin, the operating margin -- it was 23.3%, up 160 basis points from last year, BAFO. When I said new levels, I mean it. For financial services, the OI of $66.9 million represented an increase of $1.6 million, and it all combined to author an overall consolidated operating margin of 26.8% up 130 basis points from last year. And the second quarter EPS, it was $4.89, up $0.62 or 14.5% from last year's $4.27. I think I'll say it again, $4.89, up 14.5%. The productivity and profitability of Snap-on operations shining through as the supply chain viscosity diminished. We believe Snap-on is stronger now than ever before, and the quarter's profitability makes that crystal clear. Well, those are the overall numbers. Now let's speak to the market, auto repair. Again, this quarter, it's favorable. Miles driven are up. Spending on vehicle maintenance, up. Technician count, up. Technician wages, up. Consistently positive year-over-year trajectory across all these central categories. Drivers in vehicle repair are fairly understood. Car parks growing, getting older every year, and every year, the tests involved in maintaining and repair the vehicle park get increasingly complex, requiring more hours, greater scale, increased wages and more sophisticated tools, hands or power or data-driven tools. There's a significant need for more technicians and greater capabilities. The competition for that talent is growing, and it's being reflected in the rising wages at an everyday level. I think you can see this demand when you're trying to schedule a maintenance appointment or just by visually seeing abundant of cars and trucks in the repair base or parked outside, crowded around the shops waiting for their turn to get in. And in fact, just this month as with a group of franchisees and customers in Bristol, Tennessee, the NHRA Thunder nationals, the drag races, and they energetically expressed their enthusiasm during our conversations. You can feel their optimism resonating with an appreciation for our products, our solutions, and how we make work easier. So we expect that the trajectory of vehicle repair is solid. And we'll continue through the quarters and on into the years ahead, we expect that vehicle repair is the -- we believe that vehicle repair is a great place to operate and the repair information -- our Repair Information Group and our Tools Group are well positioned to take advantage of that. Now on to the critical industries or our commercial and industrial group or C&I takes our business out of the garage and solves to have a consequence where the penalty for failure is high in a wide range of sectors, where custom tools are often required to get the job done. This is also the segment where we have a most significant international presence, and the attended variations from country-to-country with many versions of economic and social headwinds. In the U.S., the landscape actually is pretty positive. We see progress across a number of sectors. Aerospace is strong. Increased demand in commercial aviation and momentum within space that cover exploration. The military business was another strong quarter of growth now better matching actual needs. Natural resources continue to advance in oil and gas and wind after the uncertainty of the last fall, energy repair is a positive place to be. Also begin the period with industrial transportation. Supply chain turbulence, I think has raised the attention on rail and heavy-duty fleets, society now more than ever sees the essential need to keep commercial supply moving and it's accruing positively for us. Now there are tepid spots across the globe. Place is traumatized by the Ukraine war, we see that weaknesses in some of the agent Pacific operations. But one of the clear and large positives in the period is the general rise of critical industries. And our industrial division is well positioned and it's taking advantage with this capability to customize products to a large number of applications, and it's working. Our critical industry teams are on an upward trajectory utilizing their capability and the enhanced capacity to capture significant gains. Overall, the story of Snap-on outside the garage looks quite promising. And as we move forward, we'll continue to capitalize on an abundant potential. And as part of that, we'll keep engaging Snap-on value creation, customer connection and innovation, developing profitable new products and solutions delivered by the insights and knowledge gains standing next to the customers right in the work place and will drive RCI all over the enterprise, including in the Tools Group. We will keep working to increase our franchisee selling capacity with efficient processes, with advanced training programs, with social media and digital content and expanded manufacturing capacity to meet the rising demand all combining to take full advantage of the opportunities and continue the positive trends we've seen into the future. Well, that's a market overview. Now let's move to the segments. For the C&I Group, as reported sales rose 1.4%, including $5.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency. Organic volume was up by 3%. A quite strong performance in the industrial division was attenuated by shortfalls in some of our more challenged areas. Power tools had smaller volumes as customers anticipated the arrival of new products in the third quarter. Our European-based hand tool business, SNA Europe, but our Asia-Pacific operations demonstrated growth in several markets, but softness in Eastern Europe and currency pressure in Japan and the yen was weak was some offset. But our industrial vision isn't just growing in volume. The margins are strong and rising. Customized product is a wonderful thing. So C&I OI was $68.1 million, a 12.4% increase over last year. And the operating margin was 16%, one of the highest ever for the group, representing a gain of 160 basis points over the second quarter of last year. The industrial division wielding the capacity provided by our new building in Kenosha registered significant sales progress. In April, we discussed the recoveries of the military business in the military segment. In this quarter, we continued that momentum, capturing significant long-term contracts, our product line, wide and effective produced in the U.S. made the difference. So we believe things look promising for the military business and for all of our industrial segments. Beyond the industrial division and C&I, our specialty tools operation continue to advance, meeting the need for precision with new torque products, covering a vast spectrum of clamping forces for challenging applications. Torque accuracy is rising an importance and Snap-on is ready to capitalize. We are confident and committed to extending in critical industries, and that conviction is anchored by the ongoing expansion of our lineup of innovative products, explicitly designed for particular tasks, offerings like our automated tool control or ATC enabled by proprietary digital imaging technology that scans toolbox, drawers, recording in real time, which tools are required are removed to replace. It's an increasingly crucial feature for aerospace for industrial manufacturing and for commercial transportation operations. Imagine working out of plan or a locomotive engine and unknowingly leaving a tool behind in the workplace. Not good, not good. This is a mistake that could result in a failure in any tight tolerance mechanism, one small item can be a huge problem. Well, ATC has an answer, keeping track of the tools, identifying missing items, tracing who signed them out and where are those to be used and giving the all clear when everything is returned. So the plans can take off. Snap-on critical industries are on the rise and ATC is part of the reason. And in the quarter, we released our next generation of ATC, a larger touchscreen to improve the shop productivity and upgraded processes with the latest technology for seamless integration with any central IT system. And as you might expect, our customers were enthusiastic, sophisticated products for complex products. It's a winning combination for C&I, and you can see it in the quarter's results. Now on to the Tools Group. Organic sales grew 1.1%, which includes 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency. Growth in the international markets and a slight improvement in the U.S. network. Based on our franchisees and customer feedback, like I said already, vehicle repair is robust. But in the period, our record demand met capacity constraints before our plant expansion, so we're fully operational, limiting some of the potential possibilities and somewhat attenuating the volumes. But for operating earnings, payrolls in the quarter by $13.3 million or 10.7% reaching $137.7 million. That's almost double the pre-pandemic level. The operating margin was 26.3%, a rise of 240 basis points against 50 basis points of negative currency. Let me say that again, Tools Group OI margin was 26.3% [indiscernible] this is an eye-popping number. So the Tools Group had another positive quarter with substantial profitability. We are confident in the strength of our van network and that believe is borne out of quantitative evidence, franchisee health metrics. We monitor them regularly every quarter. And again, this quarter, they remained strong. So what are you talking about talking to the franchisees at Thunder Valley or looking at the numbers, vehicle repair does appear robust and continues to be so. Now when you think of the Tools Group profitability, which is a pretty important subject this time. You think about hand tools, that high margin lineup was -- they were up -- that was up in the period. And new products led the way. One example of successful innovation that came from another customer connection was a number of franchisees observed that diesel technicians struggling to access sensors on Class 8 semi-trucks that were struggling to do that. So to change the part without risking damage. The path had to be cleared by removing several other blocking components. Believe me, that's a time-consuming process. And so armed with customer connection insights, those customer connection insights. Our engineers developed an innovative design, quickly produced a 3D prototype and confirm that it solved the problem. And that 3D tool, SWR5 90-degree special Crowfoot Wrench is being made right now at our Elizabethton Tennessee plant, and it's getting a lot of attention. It really does make truck repair easier. The techs love it, and we kind of like the margins. Profitable customer connection is one of the drivers behind the Tools Group success. And another example of this quarter is our two piece horizontal bushing adapter set. The BJP1 BKS2 [ph], these names are something, text at a Subaru dealership where they were taking a lot of time to remove and store control arm bushings from suspension setups on the newer models. Our team assessed the procedure and designed two new adapters to integrate with our existing ball joint press, and that enabled the fit for the new -- a good bit for the new suspension and say two hours in repair time per procedure, that's a big savings in the garage generated by customer connection and innovation. SNL a while ago, SNL's [indiscernible] said, it's always something. And it's true. There are always new repair challenges, whether the powertrain is internal combustion, plug-in hybrids or EV platforms. Vehicle architecture is getting tighter, packed with more devices, creating additional accessibility constraints, it's all music to our ears. Our franchisees and engineers observe the work, identify complications and simplify the complex and multifaceted tasks to raise efficiency and keep the world moving. And the attendant value is considerable. You can see that in the Tools Group profits. Now one of the highlights of the quarter was the continuing growth of our big ticket sales. A sign of technician confidence in the vehicle repair shop driving some of that trend was our latest tool storage unit, the KMP1023ZLT7, a 72-inch Master Series Roll Cab paining with a unique apparent scheme we call green envy, a break green body paired with black trim. It stands out and makes a statement in any repair shop, but beyond the eye-popping optics the box is also a productivity enhancing powerhouse equipment, 14 drawers, including three spanning the full width of the unit putting the most important tools of any size right at hand. It also offers our popular power drawer and dedicated space equipment. I guess five power outlets and two USB ports for charging a full array of core accessories. And for the hard to manage small parts, our 2-inch speed drawer, makes for easy organization with green NV color coordinated dividers, custom slots for components of various sizes. The box is already one of our hit products. It really energize franchisees and was well received by our customers. And as I said, it helped keep the big ticket train moving. Well, that's the Tools Group, strong profitability, built on solid foundations of innovative products and franchisee success. Mixed with a considerable portion of RCI gain. Now visible as supply that RCI gain is now clearly visible as a supply chain turbulence receives. And now let's go on to RS&I. Sales as reported reached $452 million that represented a $35.2 million or 8.4% increase. Gains in the equipment and OEM essential programs paired with -- gains in equipment and OEM paired with our successful rollout of our new handheld diagnostic platform. The OI in the period was $110.4 million, up 14.7% or 15.4%. Up $14.7 million or 15.4%, and the operating margin was 24.4%, a rise of 140 basis points. Nice. Nice. As we said, the vehicle repair environment is strong, offering significant opportunity and the second quarter results for C&I says it's so. And the recent launch of our new SOLUS+ diagnostic platform was a big key to that success. Great new features. including a two second boot up, the fastest in the industry and an 8-inch colored touch free with 60% higher resolution, making it much easier for technicians to view in brighter lighting. It supports the latest communication protocols, and it offers access to SureTrack. That's our library of vehicle-specific real fixes, repair tips and commonly replace parts that wheels our proprietary database of 2.5 billion repair records and 325 billion vehicle events. SOLUS+, the franchisees have been positive, the customers have been excited and the sales have been robust. New powertrains are driving the need for extending product lines, including vehicle lifts, enabling independent shops and dealerships to accommodate the new models. So -- and in meeting this opportunity with advantage, part of RS&I success has been our undercar equipment division. It's one of the drivers between our -- behind RS&I's strong growth. Take our Challenger Lift Operation in Louisville. The plant offers thousands of SKUs matched a separate lifting task and the numbers have been growing to meet the specific challenges of EV lifting. And in the quarter, that facility hosted Chief Executive magazine Smart Manufacturing Summit, and the event underlines the power of product customization and driving expansion and the extraordinary ability of RCI to render that low volume production quite profitable. It's that approach that drove RCI's gains. OI up 140 basis points in the quarter and we expect that it will keep doing just that as we go forward throughout the group and all across Snap-on. RS&I improving position with repair shop owners and managers, growing OEM relationships, expanding the product offerings, welding RCI everywhere, and it all combined to deliver substantial growth and strong profitability. The Snap-on second quarter, continued opportunities in vehicle repair and critical industries, progress along our runways for coherent growth and advancements down our runways for improvement. Overall sales increasing organically 5.6%, margins strong in every segment. OpCo OI margin 23.3%, up 160 basis points overcoming unfavorable currency and EPS $4.89, up versus all comparisons. It was another encouraging quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $1.191 billion in the quarter represented an increase of 4.8% from 2022 levels, reflecting a 5.6% organic sales gain, partially offset by $8.3 million or 80 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency translation. From a geographic perspective, we experienced year-over-year organic sales growth in North and South America as well as Europe, while sales in Asia-Pacific were down low single-digits, mostly due to weakness in the yen contributing to less activity in Japan. Consolidated gross margin improved 200 basis points at 50.7% from 48.7% last year. As gross margins expanded across all of our operating segments, contributions from increased sales volumes and pricing actions, lower material and other costs and benefits from the company's RCI initiatives were partially offset by 30 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales are 27.4% compared to 27% last year. The increase of 40 basis points is primarily due to increased investment in personnel and other costs. Operating earnings before financial services of $277 million in the quarter compared to $246.6 million in 2022. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services up 23.3%, including 30 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, reflects an expansion of 160 basis points over last year. Financial services revenue of $93.4 million in the second quarter of 2023 compared to $86.4 million last year, while operating earnings of $66.9 million compared to $65.3 million in 2022. Consolidated operating earnings of $343.9 million in the quarter compared to $311.9 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 26.8% reflects an improvement of 130 basis points from 2022. Our second quarter effective income tax rate of 22.9% compared to 23.8% last year. Net earnings of $264 million or $4.89 per diluted share, including $0.09 share impact from unfavorable foreign currency reflected an increase of $32.5 million or $0.62 per share from 2022 levels and represented a 14.5% year-over-year increase in diluted earnings per share. Now let's turn to our segment results for the quarter. Starting with the C&I Group on Slide 7. Sales of $364.2 million increased from $359.1 million last year, reflecting a $10.7 million or 3% organic sales gain, which was partially offset by $5.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic growth primarily reflects a double-digit gain in sales to customers in critical industries, partially offset by declines in power tool volumes. With respect to critical industries, sales to the military were robust as was activity in the aviation and heavy-duty sectors. Gross margin improved 220 basis points to 39.5% in the second quarter from 37.3% in 2022. This is largely due to increased volumes in the higher gross margin critical industry sector, pricing actions, lower material and other costs and benefits from RCI initiatives. These improvements were partially offset by 40 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales increased 60 basis points to 23.5% in the quarter, from 22.9% in 2022, mostly due to increased sales and higher expense businesses. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $58.1 million compared to $51.7 million last year. The operating margin improved 160 basis points to 16% from 14.4% last year. Turning now to Slide 8. Sales on the Snap-on Tools Group of $523.1 million compared to $520.6 million a year ago, reflecting a 1.1% organic sales gain, partially offset by $3.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales growth reflects a mid single-digit gain in our international operations and slightly higher sales in our U.S. business. Higher sales of hand tools and big ticket items in the quarter were partially offset by lower sales of Power Tools. Gross margin improved 300 basis points to 49% in the quarter from 46% last year. This increase is primarily due to higher sales volumes and pricing actions, lower material and other costs and benefits from RCI initiatives, partially offset by 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Material costs benefited from reduced expenses for various steel types used in our product offering. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales went up by 60 basis points to 22.7% from 22.1% last year, primarily due to increased investment in personnel and other costs. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $137.7 million, including $3.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $124.4 million last year. The operating margin of 26.3%, including 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to 23.9% in 2022, reflecting an improvement of 240 basis points. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $452 million compared to $416.8 million in 2022 reflecting an 8.5% organic sales gain, partially offset by $300,000 of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic increase is comprised of a double-digit gain in sales of undercar and collision repair equipment, a high single-digit increase in activity with OEM dealerships and a mid single-digit gain in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent shop owners and managers. Gross margin improved a 180 basis points to 45% from 43.2% last year, primarily due to increased sales volumes and pricing actions, lower material and other costs and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales went up by 40 basis points to 20.6% from 20.2% last year, primarily due to increased personnel and other costs. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $110.4 million compared to $95.7 million last year. The operating margin improved 140 basis points to 24.4% from 23% reported last year. Now turning to Slide 10. Revenue from financial services increased $7 million to $93.4 million from $86.4 million last year, reflecting the growth of the loan portfolio. Financial services operating earnings of $66.9 million, including $200,000 of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $65.3 million in 2022. Financial services expenses were up $5.4 million from 2022 levels, including $4.9 million of higher provisions for credit losses. The year-over-year increase in provisions reflects both the growth of the portfolio as well as a return to what we believe to be a more normal pre-pandemic rate of provision. Sequentially, the provision for credit losses decreased by about $500,000. For reference, Provisions for finance receivable losses in the current quarter were $13.7 million as compared to $9.1 million in the second quarter last year. In the second quarters of 2019 and 2018, Provisions for losses were $11.9 million and $13.6 million, respectively. In addition, our gross worldwide extended credit of finance receivable portfolio has increased 9.1% year-over-year and we believe the delinquency and portfolio performance trends currently remain stable. In the second quarters of 2023 and 2022, the respective average yield on finance receivables were 17.6% and 17.5%. In the second quarters of 2023 and 2022, the average yield on contract receivables were 8.6% and 8.5%, respectively. Total loan originations of $326.3 million in the second quarter represented an increase of $18.7 million or 6.1% from 2022 levels reflecting a 5.7% increase in originations of finance receivables and an 8.3% increase in originations of contract receivables. Gains in extended credit originations in the U.S. were led by franchisee sales of diagnostic products, including our recently launched SOLUS and ZEUS platforms. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.4 billion of gross financing receivables with $2.1 billion from our U.S. operation. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.3% for U.S. extended credit compares to 1.4% in 2022. On a sequential basis, the rate is down 20 basis points, reflecting the seasonal trend we typically experience in the second quarter. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, trailing 12-month net losses of $46.4 million represented 2.45% of outstandings at quarter end, which is down slightly from the 2.46% reported at the end of last quarter. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $270.3 million in the quarter compared to $140.8 million last year. The improvement as compared to the second quarter of 2022 primarily reflects lower year-over-year increases in working capital investment and higher net earnings. Net cash used by investing activities of $94.6 million included net additions to finance receivables of $68.6 million and capital expenditures of $25.8 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $136.5 million included cash dividends of $85.9 million and the repurchase of 359,000 shares of common stock for $94.8 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of quarter end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $336.7 million of common stock under our existing authorizations. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $25.1 million from 2022 year-end. Days sales outstanding of 61 days was the same as 2022 year-end. Inventories increased $13 million from 2022 year-end. And on a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.4x compared to 2.5x at year-end 2022. Our quarter end cash position of $871.3 million compared to $757.2 million at year-end 2022. Our net debt-to-capital ratio of 6.5% compared to 9% at year-end 2022. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million available under our credit facilities. And as of quarter end, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility, and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2023. We anticipate that capital expenditures will approximate $100 million. In addition, we currently anticipate that our full-year 2023 effective income tax rate will be in the range of 23% to 24%. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, that's the quarter. RCI shining through as the supply sky is clear to show the new levels of performance. Vehicle repair continuing its strength, critical industry is accelerating RS&I growth, both in -- growth in both dealerships and independent shops, advances in helping customize shops to new vehicles, OI margin, 24.4%, up 140 basis points. Tools Group growth attenuated. But strong new products, solving specific problems, creating extraordinary value and an OI of $137.7 million, almost double pre-pandemic levels and OI margins of 26.3%, up 240 basis points, overcoming 50 basis points of unfavorable currency. C&I extending in the critical industries. We're opening new capacity, achieving broad growth and an OI margin of 16%. 160 basis points over last year, also overcoming unfavorable currency and Snap-on credit, profits up, originations rising indicating broad confidence in vehicle repair, and it came together for an attention getting overall performance. Snap-on organic sales rising 5.6%, an OI margin of 23.3%, up 160 basis points and an EPS of $4.89, new levels indeed. It was an encouraging quarter. And we believe that these results, representing new heights highlight the opportunities in our markets. They're essential, demonstrate the power of our approach. It creates extraordinary value solving the critical. And most of all, confirms the strength and reliability of our team, capable and battle-tested reliability of that team to wield our Snap-on value creation processes, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement, all to overcome challenges and drive the corporation higher. And we expect that our decisive advantages -- those sets of advantages and opportunities and approach. And then people will author a continuing upward trajectory even beyond these levels throughout the remainder of this year, and on into 2024. Now before I turn the call over to the operator, I want to speak directly to our associates and franchisees, the Snap-on team. I know many of you are listening. These results do represent new heights. But more than that, there are ringing testimony to your unwavering focus on moving our enterprise forward. Your extraordinary achievements, hard one. Yes, my congratulations. For the capability you demonstrate every day, you have my admiration. And for the unshakable confidence you hold in our path forward, you have my thanks. Operator?
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, we will take our first question, which will come from Scott Stember with ROTH MKM. Please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Nick, you talked about in tools that there was, I guess, it sounded like your ability to meet demand in certain areas was not met because of production. Can you maybe talk about that and maybe tie that into the decline that you talked about in Power Tools?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. Sure. Look, I think they're semi-related, but here's the thing. I think we started -- I probably said 12 times in this pitch. We think the market is robust. So you're not seeing the market in those numbers. The situation simply here is rooted in hand tools and tool storage primarily, where generally, the mix of products we got exceeded our capacity. We expected a certain mix. We got a different mix. And part of that was the people saying, well, power tools is going to launch in the future new products. And therefore, power tools is not so popular, and it was down in the quarter, anticipating those power tools. And so we bumped up against capacity, particularly around the more customized models, which are more difficult to build and more difficult to turn out. So that's pretty much what it was. I mean fundamentally, if you look at power tools, I mean, tools in the quarter, hand tools, biggest ever, biggest ever. And you look at tool storage, not only does the tool storage factory have to supply some -- and hand tools are some of this, but tools storage, not only does the tool storage factory, you have to supply the Tools Group. But when you see the acceleration associated with the critical industries that they have boxes as well. And they were expanded. So put a lot of pressure on those factories. So we couldn't able -- we weren't able to follow the market. But -- we had anticipated expansion. Those expansions are starting to be ready now. So the hand tools plant in Milwaukee. We have about two-thirds of the expansion will be ready this month. And in the fourth quarter, the rest of it will be ready. The Elizabethan tool storage -- not tool storage, but the hand tool plant in Elizabethan will have its expansion in the end of the third quarter to fourth quarter, expanding space and the expansion along our tool storage business is starting to get in place sort of the end of this month. So we're expanding the capacity just that in this quarter, the mix of the products pretty much somewhat reflective of power tools being down and, therefore, filling that in with customized products bumped up against demand.
Scott Stember: Got it. Okay. And as far as sell into the van sell-through, it sounds as if probably...
Nicholas Pinchuk: Pretty good it was above our numbers like it has been for a couple of periods. We like to say that over time, that's all going to even out. But in this quarter, the sell-through was -- fell off the van, we say, was better.
Scott Stember: Okay. And you would expect that to balance out as you were surprised?
Nicholas Pinchuk: It always balances out. A quarter doesn't mean that much in that situation. But what I'm trying to say is that we still think that demand is pretty strong. You see that when you talk to franchisees and customers themselves. And the whole idea, Scott, is big ticket items are an indication of confidence usually in this market. I mean I suppose it isn't for sure. But generally, in our history, when we've seen big ticket items sell and they did. Originations were up and tool storage had -- I think it's one of its best quarters ever, if you put industrial and tools together, that indicates that customers are willing to enter into those longer payback items. And we also saw a nice range of diagnostics numbers this quarter. So those big ticket items really look good, positive sell-through. And so that indicates because the technicians are willing to enter into those longer payback items. And that as they think at least, that the market is good.
Scott Stember: And just to be clear, sales off the van [ph] are stronger right now than into the channel. Got it. All right, that's all I have for now. Thank you.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead with your question.
Christopher Glynn: Yes, thanks. Good morning. I had a question on the gross margin, which was very strong. You mentioned supply chain clearing. Is that more or less recovered now? Or does supply chain...
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, every time I have a review, if somebody brings up something that says they got some spot buys still coming through. But in general, like I said, the skies have cleared, and we're going to get a little more benefit, but most of it is out now. Our big problem was, of course, everybody saw commodity prices to go up and freight price to go up. But the big problem for a company like us is we had spot things in a lot of situations, which we're paying 2x or 3x sometimes what the original price was. And so that ends up going in inventory. Just think about it. If you have in trouble getting stuff, you tend to overbuy it sometimes because you want to have it in stock because you want to deliver as the first priority. And so you get yourself in that situation. And so you're seeing that clear. And so what happens in that situation, the advances in new value products and the RCI we've been doing all this time starts to shine through.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thanks for that. And given the expansion at SOT over the past few years and your bandwidth capacity to sell, you've -- I think, grown your actively serviced technicians. I'm wondering, does that reopen the gate to add franchisees and were franchisee -- was U.S. franchisee count? Is that pretty stable, as I understand it to be?
Nicholas Pinchuk: It's pretty stable. We're down a few franchisees this quarter, but not many. It's not a factor for government work, Chris. But -- and we're not -- we're probably not going to add people. We believe that our franchisees sell more because we tell them, you're our guys. And if we do well, so you, and so we believe that subdividing their opportunity probably isn't the best alternative. Now we think we have the world covered. We have, what, 3,400 franchisees around the country. So we think we have most of the places covered. I suppose there's the odd place that we might find that we'd add one or two. But really, that's not going to be a program for us. Our way up is to get the guys to be more aggressive and in this instance, to be able to deliver better. We need to -- we're expanding our capacity, so that should relieve some of the problem. But it's a happy problem actually that people saying we're waiting for your tool storage products.
Christopher Glynn: Yes. And is franchisee turnover still stable?
Nicholas Pinchuk: It's still about the same -- it's about the same. It's about -- I think it's about 10% and you'd say, Chris, what 5% of that is retirements. You'd say 5% is guys pretty much every year, you'll get that. And so 10% is pretty stable. It had been higher sometimes, but now last multiple quarters has been stable, about that number.
Christopher Glynn: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead. David MacGregor, your line is open.
David MacGregor: Here we go. Sorry about that, it was on mute. Good morning everyone.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Good morning.
David MacGregor: I guess I wanted to -- maybe a question for Aldo, but obviously, some huge incremental margins in both Snap-on Tools and in C&I. And you referenced the raw material benefit. So I mean we were expecting to report good margins, but these were certainly above what we were anticipating. How much of this price cost carries forward into 3Q and 4Q? Can you just talk about kind of the trajectory?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I could let out. Okay. Aldo agreed. Okay, you can answer the question, Aldo. Go ahead.
Aldo Pagliari: No. I think, David, I think most of the pricing actions a lot of incurred in the rearview mirror. So what you have now, as Nick has mentioned already, when you attenuate the incremental cost of spot buys have not gone completely, but they're greatly reduced. And steel different grades of steel at different prices, but particularly cold rolled steel, which is used in our tool storage products has come down, and we're able to hold on to the price that was set before and therefore, the benefit of material cost reductions accrue to the margin. So that's what you're seeing. And yes, I think that with a brand like Snap-on and the power of our approach to the market and the demand that Nick described that's out there, I expect that we'll be able to retain these types of margin performance as we move forward. Nothing's guaranteed, of course.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I was watching a show last night and somebody said on the show, it was movie and said, electronic prices only go down, Snap-on prices only go up. We don't drop our -- I mean it's because you've got all the promotions and everything. It's hard to put your finger on it. But generally, I don't see us surrendering that too easily.
David MacGregor: Can I just ask how much of that margin benefit that incremental margin was a result of the capacity constraints forcing the mix towards more customized tools because that sounds like that's fair -- new capacity.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't know. It could be -- there could be some of that in there. Certainly, that -- the big factor, though, is there could be some of that. You're probably right. There's some of that. But the big factor, I think is the improvements in the face of the idea of no more spot buys, no more of those huge spot buys. So you're seeing that. Actually, we've been making improvements better than we have been showing for some time because of the material cost. And so what you see that is abating. So you're seeing a lot of that. So basically, I don't know where I put it on the foot of more customized product. We did sell a lot of customized products. So that works but we don't necessarily want to back off it. And so when you do have capacity constraints, you do tend to go to that. But on the other hand, when you got capacity constraint, you spend a little more money. You're looking at the SG&A and stuff like that, SG&A is up a little bit. And it takes you a little bit to manage through that. So you got some goes ins and goes out there. But there's a factor. But the big pack is RCI.
David MacGregor: So let me just ask you about the organic growth of Snap-on tools because you report 1% organic growth. When you were talking about the Snap-on tool gross margin, you say both volume increases and price gains as drivers. So how do we reconcile the volume increases and price gains that you referenced in the gross margin story with the 1% organic growth and essentially flat in the U.S. Do we just take away from that, that the gross margins were essentially all cost reduction as opposed to revenue growth?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, look, I mean, some of this can be plant to plant and production line to production line, but I think you can say in aggregate, that's probably true. That's probably true. You don't get much wind in your sales from that kind of increase. It's not zero though, not zero increase. And so you get some of that. You have some international businesses that came back in this situation. So we had some things happen in that situation. but that's got to be the case right? You didn't get that much volume.
David MacGregor: Yes. Last question for me because we're getting at the top of the hour here. But what's the trend in the total number of active stops across the Snap-on system in the U.S.?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Active stocks, meaning what?
David MacGregor: Stops. I mean a number of actual customer locations. I know you track that. So I'm just wondering what's the trend there in terms of the total number of stops?
Nicholas Pinchuk: It's -- I don't have that number right here, but my feeling is it's moving upwards. But we don't really count the stops so much as we count the technicians and the technicians are growing. So we're getting more technicians.
David MacGregor: Great, thanks very much. Thanks for taking the questions.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from Luke Junk with Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Luke Junk: Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions. Nick, Aldo, good to talk. Nick, first question, I'm just wondering the capacity constraints you ran into the Tools Group this quarter, how that might play out in the near term versus the mix of business that you'd expect in the third quarter and what would typically be little bit of a seasonal decline sequentially. And if I listen to the cadence in terms of things coming online either end of this month or into the early part of the fourth quarter. It sounds like you think you'll be in a better position in the fourth quarter overall from a supply chain standpoint. Am I hearing that right now?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. We think that -- we think the fourth as I've said, probably on every one of these calls in the second quarter, that the third quarter is always kind of squarely because you've got the franchisee conference, then you got vacations, which if franchisees take long vacations that can affect it a little bit or they take short vacations also can affect it. So you have that in place what the Snap-on franchisee conference occurs. Now we might be seeing some little bit of anticipation for that as we did in the power tools. Certainly, power tools is not going to be affected by capacity. I don't think. So that's not going to be. Those new launches shouldn't be affected by capacity. And the capacity is coming online. And so we'll see how efficacious that is. We tend to be pretty good in putting these things in place. So I think you'd be right that the fourth quarter would be -- where we'd be hitting on more cylinders.
Luke Junk: And then for my follow-up, just hoping you could comment on the trends that you saw in C&I. You mentioned Europe briefly and Asia, you highlighted the weakness that you saw in Japan hoping you could just expand on Europe more broadly in Asia-Pacific, excluding?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Actually, the European business was up in RS&I and interestingly, the U.K. and the Tools Group came off of probably -- it was flat on its back last year, I think. So it came back some. But the C&I business was kind of a little bit up and down in Europe. And so you -- one of the things that was positive was critical industries. So the critical industry in C&I, boy, volumes and margins, new capacity in place smoke, but the other business is up and down, European hand tool based business in a number of different environments like the Nordics and so on, probably affected by concerns over the -- over the war and so on. That is a little bit up and down and not very robust. And I don't know where that's going to tell you. Your guess is as good as mine. I think we're well positioned, but I do think there are macros there that are hard to predict. In Asia-Pacific, boy, it's hard to find too many areas that aren't -- maybe India, I would say is doing well. But generally, a lot of areas seem to be having trouble creating a recovery from the COVID for a number of reasons. China, I think it's well documented. Everybody talks about China. We're holding our own in China. But Japan, the currencies make a little different. The Yen is pretty weak versus the U.S. dollar and has been for a while, and it's weakened recently versus the RMB. So products into Japan are not so competitive in some cases. So that weakens that. And the market itself is down somewhat. So you're seeing those kinds of things play out. I think Asia will start to work its way out because I don't think it has a long-term problem like the war or like some concerns over -- or where they're going to get their fuel or energy. So I think that fixes itself more quickly than Europe by in Europe, I'm not sure where it's going. Now the auto repair business in Europe in terms of the repair shop owners and managers is pretty good, particularly collision. The industrial business, pretty good, the critical industries business. But the basic up and down the street business and our tools business kind of.
Luke Junk: Okay, I will leave it there. Thanks, Nick.
Operator: And our next question will come from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Gary Prestopino: Hey, good morning everyone.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Good morning, Gary.
Gary Prestopino: Nick, I know we've talked about this [indiscernible], but I'm really -- I'm a little bit confused here about what's going on in the Tools Group. Could you maybe just talk about the product segments where you had these capacity constraints? I think you mentioned tool storage, but what other products were you having or segments where you're having issues with capacity installers?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Hand tools. Hand tools is at an all-time high. And some particular products are at over all-time high, like certain versions of the stock. And so when you got those stock, it sometimes your promotion is ready to go on a particular array of sockets as kind of a new package that will address a certain promise and you just don't have the capacity for, say, half of the package. And so that's open to us in a situation. So it's basically those guys bumping up against it and then over the top in tool storage, the industrial business starting to expand its capacity and being able to source more of other products from other people and so on, and break basically, the industrial business have been bound up in a kind of Gordian knot of shipments. I talked about it many times in the quarter. They cut that Gordian knot this quarter and started to ship more and that created more demand on the tool storage and hands tool plant as well.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then as we work through the year, you're bringing on capacity and this should alleviate as we work through that?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. I mean we've been saying this for a long time. It's just the particular ordering -- this ordering pattern in this quarter kind of bumped us up against it quicker than we thought. That's simply it.
Gary Prestopino: Were the hand tools typical run-of-the-mill hand tools? Or were they more, like you said, customized? I'm just trying to understand how...
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, they were not so much standard-standard. But there's a lot of lower run. I mean, by that I mean shorter production run hand tool in these kinds of mixes. And when you get into them, they eat up a lot of capacity. You see what I mean because you got to stop and start the machines and so on. So it's not a linear thing necessarily. If it was just standard-standard products, we probably could have shipped out of inventory if we needed to. But these other products make it difficult. But we saw it coming. It was just this particular one with the policy, the idea that people weren't buying as many power tools because they're waiting for the new stuff kind of shifted the mix towards these -- even more towards hand tools and power tools. I mean tool storage.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. I just want to understand what's going on there. And then over time, as things have evolved here, could you maybe -- do you have any numbers or metrics you can circle around? What percentage of what you're doing in the tools or even across the whole company is going into collision repair versus mechanical repair?
Nicholas Pinchuk: It's -- well, let's put it this way. I would say collision repair is about -- let me think about this. Equipment, the undercar equipment business is about one-third of RS&I, and I would say about maybe 20% to quarter of that is collision repair. That kind of ballpark and growing, though because equipment has been growing double-digits for some time. It was up double-digits again, and its margins were up nicely again.
Gary Prestopino: Okay, thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Sara Verbsky for any closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly at snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you very much for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2023 First Quarter Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today’s event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host today, Sara Verbsky, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ma’am, please go ahead.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s first quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on’s Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we’ll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or that otherwise discuss management’s or the Company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I’d now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sarah. As usual -- good morning, everybody. Good morning. As usual, I’ll start the call by covering the highlights of the first quarter, and I’ll give you my perspective on what it all means. And then Aldo will provide a detailed review of the financials. Along the way, we’ll cover the markets, the robust gangbusters. We’ll also give you a view of our momentum. It’s been unbroken and vibrant. Once again, the story of our quarter is continued resilience. Our ability to navigate the complex while knowing that with the flip of a calendar -- the flip of a calendar will bring new challenges. You could pick up any significant publication or listen or watch any business show and you will encounter a barrage of concerns, the measures of adversity and contraction. But we know, we can resist the difficulties, and so we have for the past three months and for quarter after quarter. You see, we’re armed with significant advantages. Our market’s displaying resilience; born out of criticality, our brand standing above delivering quality and reinforcing personal pride; our products. They clearly move the world forward by making the critical easier; and finally, our people, our team, experienced, capable and confident. We are encouraged by this quarter, and I’ll tell you why. Our reported sales in the period were $1,183 million, up versus last year by $85.2 million or 7.8%, including $24 million or 240 basis points of unfavorable foreign exchange. Organic sales, they were up 10.2%, increases in every group, our 11th consecutive quarter of year-over-year operating expansion. Our OpCo operating income for the quarter was $259.8 million, including $7.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency, increasing by 16.5%. And the operating margin -- the operating margin, it was 22%, rising 170 basis points over last year. For financial services, operating income of $66.3 million compared to last year’s $70.4 million. And that combined with OpCo -- and that combined with OpCo resulted in a consolidated operating margin of 25.6%, an 80 basis-point improvement. And the first quarter’s EPS, $4.60, up $0.60 or 15% from last year’s $4. So we believe our confidence and our ongoing optimism is clearly justified by the numbers. Now, let’s look closer at our markets. The automotive repair environment remains hot, demand across all disciplines. We continue investing in new products and accommodating the repair challenges of newer models, matching the increased complexity. As platforms change, the modification requires new tools to accomplish the task and we’re keeping pace. Whether it’s an internal combustion engine or an electric vehicle, the techs need an assist, and we’re ready to bring it. The updates create a range of challenges, new challenges, from accessibility issues associated with confined spaces requiring new designs of varying geometries, to tighter engineering challenges fueling the need for precision torque instrument to the increasing number of fasteners and listing our power tools to remove and install parts efficiently to the rise of drive by wire. More electronics -- the more the electronics, the greater the need for handheld diagnostics and special software that can communicate with and manage the neural network of computers and sensors. We’re seeing strength in OEM dealerships. As new models break on to the market, new arrays of essential tools, equipment and diagnostics are needed to service the different and unique characteristics of each vehicle. For independent repair shops, business is booming. If you’re taking your vehicle in for service, recently, you’ve witnessed this first hand, the pays are full and the parking lots are chockablock. And when I speak with our franchisees, they are enthusiastic, saying demand is robust. It’s written all over the numbers. Garages are scheduled further out for shops of all types. Owners see the growth. They know they need technicians. And as you might expect, the rise in the tech count is substantial and the wages are moving up. And then, of course, this is all music to our ears. We believe that with the new vehicle models, the rise of automation, the growing need for precision and the increasing vehicle complexity, we may be entering the golden age of vehicle repair and our numbers say it may be so. So people repair. It’s a great place to operate for our Tools Group and for our Repair Systems & Information Group, RS&I. And we believe it’s only getting better. Now, let’s talk about the critical industries where commercial and industrial or C&I, take Snap-on out of the garage, solving tasks of consequences, representing our most significant international presence. It’s an area where we’re -- I suppose, most subject to global headwinds, but the news is still reasonably encouraging. The critical industries kept rising across sectors, aviation, education, heavy-duty fleets, general industry and natural resources, all up. And the military, once down, is now rebounding with high demand. And for geographies, North America was strong. Europe was improved even in the face of ongoing -- of the ongoing war in Ukraine and the revenue disruption of the Brexit, and Asia Pacific remained mixed, variation across the landscape. But overall, the critical industry markets of C&I showed significant and broad positives, every sector. The first quarter is marked by substantial strides in that arena, and we see more opportunity on the horizon. We believe there’s abundant and ongoing potential all along our runways for growth, enhancing the van network, expanding with repair shop owners and managers, extending the critical industry and building in emerging markets, leveraging our expansive product line, wielding our strengthening brand and deploying the increasing understanding of the task, connecting to the customer, standing face-to-face in the workplace where the tasks are performed, observing the work, turning that insight into innovative new products and some in the future for professionals. And we amplify that endeavor by applying a generous helping of rapid continuous improvement, or RCI, as we call it, driving our productivity and our margin upwards. So, that’s our view of the market. Now, let’s turn to the groups. In the C&I Group, sales of $363.8 million, including $12.5 million unfavorable foreign currency, increased 7% to last year. Organic sales were up 11.1% with double-digit gains in critical industries and specialty torque that precision leading the way. C&I’s operating income of $55.8 million, including $2 million of unfavorable foreign currency, represents an increase of 22.1% over last year, and the operating margin was 15.3%, up 190 basis points from the 2022 level, promising numbers. C&I demonstrated considerable growth, despite the ongoing uncertainty across geographies. One of the factors that’s been attenuating C&I in the recent past was the impact of supply turbulence. The customized -- you heard me say it on the calls, the customized kits with many different products are vulnerable to availability disruption. And one of the drivers behind the C&I rise were the improvements along the supply chain. During the period, we started to clean the logjams and reduced the impacts. The first quarter is evidence of that progress. For some time, we’ve said that the demand in critical initiatives have been strong. It continued in the first quarter. And that positive is rooted in innovative products designed specifically for making a difference in critical paths. One example is our new ATECH 1/4 inch drive flex-head TechAngle micro torque wrench, sure a mouthful, but it’s a great product. It’s aimed directly at the aircraft repair -- where at aircraft repair with a necessity for torque precision is rising. The need for power is increasing and repair and tight spaces is becoming more common. Our new unit works on all three fronts. The new wrench is almost 1 foot long, but less than an inch in diameter configured to facilitate access deep inside engine compartments. It’s also equipped with a 15-degree flex-head design, allowing it to avoid obstacles. And it uses our durable 72-inch -- 72 tooth gear mechanism, enabling the tool to operate with small rotations when the barriers restrict motion, making it tough to wrench. The new ATECH has power, significant power, reaching 300-inch and it’s expanding the range by 20% and increasing the number of applications that tool can cover, consolidating tests from multiple devices into one convenient unit and eliminating change over time, providing -- that’s providing a nice productivity gain. The unit has 4 alert modes, LCD, LED, vibratory and audible. Those four prevent over torquing, even when the visibility is low and the space is constrained. And when combined with the unit’s accuracy of plus or minus 2%, the feature served to keep the fastening right on spec. The ATECH accessibility, power and accuracy protects throughout the aviation sector. It’s another hit product that helped drive C&I upward in this quarter. Well, that’s C&I, on the rise, higher sales, stronger profits, powerful products and more to come. Now on to the Tools Group. Sales of $537.0 million, up $24.9 million, including $7.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency, registering a 6.3% organic gain with high single-digit increases in the U.S. and a low single-digit rise in the international network, and the operating margin -- the operating margin was 24.5%, up 180 basis points against 80 basis points of unfavorable currency, boomshakalaka!. This was a great number for us. We’re really optimistic and encouraged by this. The vehicle repair markets are strong and resilient and they trace an ongoing path of abundant opportunity. And once again, the tools numbers back it up. But beyond the quantitative evidence, I was just with some of our -- our van drivers last week. And their view was incandescently positive. That’s the only word I can use, without equivocation or without question. They say shops are busy. All the product -- all our product lines are in high demand and their technician customers are brimming with confidence. It seems like the people of vehicle repair from top to bottom have great expectations for the way forward. And that positivity is evident in the continuing enthusiasm for big tickets, longer payback items, diagnostics and tool storage boxes. They continue to be major contributors to our results. You can see it in the success of the top of the line ZEUS+ handheld diagnostics units. You can find it in the reception of our latest addition to the EPIQ tool storage lineup. The 68-inch EPIQ limited edition box, toolbox, we call it the Neon Stinger. It’s generated considerable excitement with its eye-catching look, a gloss black body with the newest color in tool storage trim, [indiscernible]. I mean this baby pops. Even at a less than bright light in say, the corner of a shop of a tool storage -- a repair shop, it stands out to any place, giving the techs a chance to make a statement. And it’s not just the glow. It also offers a range of powerful functionality. The speed drawer providing customizable organizations, a power drawer with securable charging space, and LED power top spanning the entire length of the box, fully illuminating the drawers and the tools making them shine like the jewels they are. The Stinger, it also offers a 15 power outlets and 6 USB ports, all to ensure the tech -- cordless tools, lights and accessories are always charged and ready to go. I’ll tell you, demand was strong and the Stinger was a Snap-on million-dollar hit product in a blink of an eye. So the Tools Group, robust demand in all product segments and the momentum train just kept running throughout the quarter. Now let’s speak of RS&I. Sales reached $446.6 million, up $48.4 million or 12.2%, including $6 million in unfavorable foreign currency. Organic activity advanced 13.9% with double-digit increases in undercar equipment and OEM business is driving the game, two big contributors. RS&I operating earnings were $104.6 million, rising 14.2% over last year, and the operating margin was 23.4%, up 40 basis points. Again -- once again, this quarter, software products and subscriptions were a significant plus. Along those lines, our Mitchell 1 division responsible for providing repair information software to independent shops, continue to succeed, pursuing customer connection and innovation by bringing great new improvements to shop efficiency. And this year -- an example is at this year’s meeting of the heavy-duty technology and maintenance council in Orlando, Mitchell 1 introduced our powerful wiring navigation features specifically for trucks. It was immediately clear to large truck professionals that our new software would make it much easier and quicker for technicians to navigate the challenges of electrical issues on today’s ever more complex vehicles, whether powered by internal combustion or battery cells. The feature makes a real difference. It’s a significant aid to truck repair -- to the truck repair world, enabling quick transition from one wiring diagram to another, following the wire without interruption between views. This is a significant time saver for the techs across the industry and the shops are noticing. Mitchell 1 just released another great product. It’s automated work package function for its collision repair software. The new system gathers into one screen all the relevant information needed for collision jobs, overhaul procedures, illustrations and diagrams, all retrieved with the click of a button with one click of the button. One of the difficulties in collision repair is that the multifaceted nature of the task. You need part details, repair procedures, system diagrams, but that information is usually found in separate places in varying categories within the vehicle’s documentation. Our new system combines the data into a single work package that guides the technician progressively through the effective repair. It sounds really simple. But in fact, the consolidated comprehensive information eliminates the 20 to 90 minutes that’s ordinarily needed to prepare an effective guide for collision repair test. We believe that the software will be a big contributor to Mitchell 1’s growth. It’s a clear savings in an area that’s rising in modern vehicle repair. With the increase of vehicle automation and the associated growth in sensor networks, collision repair is increasingly more important, and our new feature is right on target to ease of the way. We keep expanding in RS&I. We keep expanding RS&I’s position with repair shop owners and managers, offering more and more solutions for the day-to-day challenges, wielding customer connection and innovation to essential components of Snap-on value creation, processes to drive winning new software and hardware. We’re confident. It’s a successful formula and RS&I results reinforce that view. So, those are the highlights of our quarter. Continued momentum. Our 11th straight period of year-over-year operating growth. C&I is showing strength, gaining against the supply turbulence of the day, RS&I remaining robust, rising with software and hardware. The Tools Group, a healthy and enhanced van network, aiming for more, organic sales in the quarter, up 10.2%; OpCo operating margin 22% and EPS $4.60, up 15% over last year, a significant increase. It all adds up. It all serves to provide clear evidence and powerful testimony that Snap-on has emerged from the great withering in the COVID, stronger than when it entered and the enterprise is continuing that upward trend with capability and conviction. It was an encouraging quarter. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Aldo.
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on slide 6. Net sales of $1.183 million in the quarter increased 7.8% from 2022 levels, reflecting a 10.2% organic sales gain, partially offset by $24 million or 240 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase this quarter includes broad-based gains across all of the segments. From a geographic perspective, we experienced double-digit year-over-year organic sales growth in North America and low single-digit organic gains in Europe. Consolidated gross margin of 49.8% improved 110 basis points from 48.7% last year. Contributions from the increased sales volumes and pricing actions and benefits from the Company’s RCI initiatives more than offset the effects of higher material and other costs as well as 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency. While the supply chain environment has somewhat improved, we believe the corporation continued to navigate effectively costs and other challenges associated with the ongoing conditions. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales of 27.8%, improved 60 basis points from 28.4% last year. Operating earnings before financial services of $259.8 million in the quarter compared to $223.1 million in 2022. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 22% improved 170 basis points from last year’s first quarter. Financial Services revenue of $92.6 million in the first quarter of 2023 increased 5.6% compared to $87.7 million last year. Operating earnings of $66.3 million decreased $4.1 million from 2022 levels and included a return to what we believe to be a more normal level of provisions for credit losses than those recorded last year. Consolidated operating earnings $326.1 million in the quarter compared to $293.5 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 25.6% improved 80 basis points from last year. Our first quarter effective income tax rate of 23.1% compared to 23.7% last year. Net earnings of $248.7 million or $4.60 per diluted share including $0.12 of unfavorable impact associated with foreign currency, increased $31.3 million or $0.60 per share from 2022 levels, representing a 15% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now, let’s turn to our segment results for the quarter. Starting with C&I on slide 7. Sales of $363.8 million increased from $340.1 million last year, reflecting a $36.2 million or 11.1% organic sales gain, which was partially offset by $12.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic growth primarily reflects double-digit gains in sales to customers in critical industries and in the segment specialty torque business as well as low single-digit increase in the segment’s European-based hand tools business. With respect to critical industries, the sales gains were wide ranging in the quarter. In addition to higher activity across general industry, sales of the military were robust as were sales to technical education, aviation and natural resources. Gross margin of 38.8% improved 240 basis points from 36.4% in the first quarter of 2022. This was primarily due to higher sales volumes including increased activity and the higher gross margin critical industries, pricing actions and benefits from RCI initiatives. These improvements were partially offset by the effects of higher material and other costs. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 23.5% in the quarter increased 50 basis points from 23% in 2022, mostly due to increased sales and higher expense businesses. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $55.8 million increased 22.1%, $45.7 million last year. The operating margin of 15.3% improved 190 basis points from 13.4% last year. Turning now to slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $537 million compared to $512.1 million a year ago, reflecting a 6.3% organic sales gain, partially offset by $7.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales growth reflects a high single-digit gain in our U.S. business and a low single-digit increase in our international operations. Sales in the quarter were up year-over-year in all product lines. Gross margin of 47.3% in the quarter improved 180 basis points from 45.5% last year. This increase is primarily due to higher sales volumes and pricing actions, lower material and other costs and benefits from RCI initiatives, partially offset by 80 basis points of unfavorable currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 22.8% were unchanged from last year. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $131.7 million, including $6.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased $15.7 million from last year, while the operating margin of 24.5%, including 80 basis points of unfavorable currency effects, improved 180 basis points from 22.7% in 2022. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on slide 9. Sales of $446.6 million increased 12.2% from $398.2 million in 2022, reflecting a 13.9% organic sales gain, partially offset by $6 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic gain is comprised of double-digit increases in sales of undercar and collision repair equipment and in activity with OEM dealerships and a mid-single-digit gain in the sales of diagnostics and repair information products to independent shop owners and managers. Gross margin of 43.5% declined 110 basis points from 44.6% last year, primarily due to increased sales in lower gross margin businesses and the effects of higher material and other costs. These declines were partially offset by benefits from pricing actions and savings from our RCI initiatives as well as 30 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 20.1% improved 150 basis points from 21.6% last year, primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage and higher activity and lower expense businesses and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $104.6 million compared to $91.6 million last year. The operating margin of 23.4% compared to 23% reported a year ago. Now turning to slide 10. Revenue from financial services of $92.6 million increased from $87.7 million last year, primarily reflecting the growth of the loan portfolio. Financial Services operating earnings of $66.3 million, including $700,000 of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $70.4 million in 2022. Financial services expenses of $26.3 million were up $9 million from 2022 levels, including $8.1 million of higher provisions for credit losses. The year-over-year increase in provisions reflects both the growth of the portfolio as well as a return to what we believe to be a more normal pre-pandemic rate of provision. For reference, provisions for finance receivable losses in the quarter were $14.2 million, as compared to $6.3 million in the first quarter last year. In the first quarters of 2019 and 2018, provisions for losses were $12.5 million and $15.8 million, respectively. In addition, the gross worldwide extended credit or finance receivable portfolio has increased 7.5% year-over-year, and we believe the delinquency and portfolio performance trends currently remain stable. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 1.1% in the first quarter of 2023 as compared to 8 -- 0.8% last year. In the first quarters of 2023 and 2022, respective average yield on finance receivables were 17.7% and 17.6%. In the first quarters of 2023 and 2022, the average yield on contract receivables were 8.7% and 8.5%, respectively. Total loan originations of $300.9 million in the first quarter increased $55.3 million or 22.5% from 2022 levels, reflecting a 25.1% increase in originations of finance receivables and a 9.2% increase in originations of contract receivables. The increase in finance receivable origination reflects the continued strong demand for big ticket products sold by our franchisees during the quarter. Moving to slide 11. Our quarter-end balance sheet includes approximately $2.3 billion of gross financing receivables, including $2 billion from our U.S. operation. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.5% for U.S. extended credit compares to 1.6% in 2022. On a sequential basis, the rate is down 10 basis points, reflecting the seasonal trend we typically experience between the fourth and first quarters. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, trailing 12-month net losses of $45.1 million represented 2.46% of outstandings at the end of the first quarter. While this was up 12 basis points from a year ago, it is 45 basis points lower than year-end 2019. Now turning to slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $301.6 million in the quarter compared to $193.9 million last year. The increase from the first quarter of 2022 primarily reflects lower year-over-year increases in working investment, improved net earnings and lower cash tax and compensation payments. Net cash used by investing activities of $72.9 million included net additions to finance receivables of $49.6 million and capital expenditures of $23 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $152.1 million included cash dividends of $86.1 million and the repurchase of 356,000 shares of common stock for $87.2 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of quarter end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $345.4 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $20.7 million from 2022 year-end. Days sales outstanding of 62 days compared to 61 days at 2022 year-end. Inventories increased $16 million from 2022 year-end. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.4 compared to 2.5 at year-end 2022. The growth in inventory primarily reflects higher demand, including inventories to support new products as well as critical industry projects. Additionally, to better assure availability given the dynamics of the current supply chain situation, our level of safety stocks and in-transit parts components and raw materials are up as our year-over-year costs associated with finished goods. Our quarter end cash position of $833.8 million compared to $757.2 million at year-end 2022. Our net debt to capital ratio of 7.4% compared to 9% at year-end 2022. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million available under our credit facilities. And as of quarter-end, there are no amounts outstanding under the credit facility, and there are no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. I’ll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2023. We anticipate that capital expenditures will approximate $100 million. In addition, we currently anticipate that our full year 2023 effective income tax rate will be in the range of 23% to 24%. I’ll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo, for that detailed financial review. Well, at Snap-on’s first quarter, it is an encouraging performance, demonstrating clearly the breadth, the depth and the length of our extraordinary advance. The breadth, progress across each of the operating groups. C&I, gaining on the challenge of customized kits amidst supply turbulence and rising above the difficulties of geographic reach in troubled times. Tools Group, continuing its upward trend, taking full advantage of the hot resilient vehicle repair market, reaching yet another margin high. RS&I, riding the wave of vehicle complexity and new model introductions, registering another quarter of profitable growth. The period was positive all across our enterprise. Our quarter also had depth. The record was strong from top to bottom, up and down the P&L. C&I, 11.1% organic growth and the OI margin was 15.3%, up 190 basis points. RS&I, organic sales rising, 13.9% and OI margin, a strong 23.4%, 40 points over last year. The Tools Group organic activity increasing 6.3% more in the U.S., high single digits. And we spoke of the eye-catching brilliance of the Stinger toolbox. Remember -- I mean, it really pops, well, something else that pops is the Tools’ OI margin. It’s something to catch attention. It pops like a neon sign, 24.5%, up 180 basis points directly against 80 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency. All that added up to strength across the corporation, organic sales advancing 10.2%, up big, even in the uncertainty, OI margin, 22% -- 22%, representing a rise of 170 basis points. And the final tally of it all, EPS, it was $4.60, up by a clear distance over any comparison. And finally, our performance is marked by length, by the extended positive trend. It was the 11th consecutive quarter of year-over-year operating gain. The world is evolving as we thought it would. New equipment and software being needed to follow the acceleration of model change and new technologies. The vehicle repair market is looking like it’s approaching a golden age, more technicians, wages rising, collective and individual optimism across the sector. And we sought our momentum extending in the quarter, a positive view that was confirmed by the voice of the franchisees. And moving forward, we believe that the momentum will continue. And we are confident -- we’re confident that we’re positioned to make the most of the abundant opportunities, growing and improving. We’ve done it period after period, and we did it again in the first quarter. You see, we do have device of advantages in our product, authored by customer connection and innovation, easing the way for critical path, making a clear difference with professionals. We have an advantage in our brand, marking the serious and the professional, bringing pride and dignity, like no other name. And we have an advantage in our people, our team, challenge tested and fully dedicated. And we believe the resilient markets and these considerable advantages will enable Snap-on to maintain its momentum and continue its rise into the second quarter, throughout 2023 and well beyond. Now before I turn the call over to the operator, it’s appropriate that I speak to our franchisees and associates, our team. I know many of you are listening. This quarter is encouraging, but those who would ask why or how need only look to all of you. For the considerable part you played in this performance, you have my congratulations. For the extraordinary commitment you’ve given to our team, you have my admiration. And for the unfailing confidence you hold in Snap-on future, you have my thanks. Now, I’ll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Yes. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And this morning’s first question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I was curious, Nick, about the C&I kind of showing some stepped up organic growth there. You talked about the supply chain easing a little bit. So curious what -- if you’re seeing past due backlog kind of diminish here and where you are in that stage? And is overall backlog continuing to grow because it sounds like the breadth is becoming quite assertive.
Nick Pinchuk: Backlog is still pretty strong. I mean, the 11.1%, the increase -- by the way, it was bigger than that really in the critical industries. So that wasn’t borne out of the backlog. Pretty much the backlog is still there. And what you’re seeing is our getting some of the repair challenges underway. I’m not declaring complete victory over the supply turbulence but it looks a lot better this quarter than it has in the past. Plus, you got the military coming back in that period. The military was down before. So you have those two factors driving critical industries upwards, and that’s pretty good. And it isn’t -- we still have a pretty strong backlog sitting there. Orders just keep going. Everybody likes to have customized products.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And in the press release, you mentioned the period continues the Snap-on value creation process and you referred to considerable capacity for improvement. Could you elaborate on some of the specifics that undergird that statement?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. We could be a lot more efficient in selling off the vans. This is one of the reasons that altered our business going upwards in the Tools Group on the principal components of driving it upwards, we could do better than that. Our factories could be more efficient because they’re chockablock. They’re up to their eyeballs. We’re trying to expand them. So we’re working on the expansion, and we’re pounding the RCI into those expansions. So we better -- that will help us quite a bit. So, you see that. And I think in a lot of ways, RCI applies to the Tools business, to the Product business because that’s the complexity in repair goes up. It needs new products. And having a large number of new products really necessitates a real focus on RCI and the actual customer connection and innovation process and so, will drive that through. So fundamentally, we see a lot of opportunities. Our business is sort of like that, Chris. We sort of structurally have opportunities because we have 85,000 SKUs. We’re pretty vertically integrated in a lot of places, sometimes in some cases, raw steel comes in the back of the factory and through a number of different processes from forging all the way to plating to make it look like jewels and putting in the hands of the end user, we have tremendous verticality. So, we have horizontal, 85,000 SKUs and a verticality. That creates a lot of interest for continuous improvement. So we have lots of confidence in our ability to do better.
Christopher Glynn: Great. If I could sneak one more in, just want to go a little deeper into the military that had been soft for some time, and it sounds like it’s a pretty sharp and resetting levels there. Just curious if you could give some color on -- I think lumpiness is part of the military story, too. So just curious how to factor that aspect here.
Nick Pinchuk: I think we’re seeing an encouraging situation. I mean, we were spitting blood all over the military in the quarters -- further quarters. It was a big negative for us, it was really not there. But now it seems to have come back in a number of different projects, and they’re not huge projects, they’re smaller projects. So this is kind of a -- we interpret it as an opening of the spicket. Every time -- the guys in military tell me this every time a new administration comes in, regardless of who it is, there’s a new sheriff in town, they raise -- we’re going to have new procedures, the new procedures actually don’t work. And so eventually, the war fighters say, I need tools, and therefore, the spicket opens. That’s what’s happening now.
Operator: And the next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: I think you called out sort of strength in some of the higher ticket items. Could you give us some more color on that sort of what the hand tools versus high ticket and then storage versus diagnostics within the higher ticket product mix?
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. Look, hand tools are about -- just with the growth this period. So, if you’re looking for mix, there’s really not a mix story along the product lines, we don’t see. If you step back, you look at it, there’s a lot of product, particularly hand tools, they’re about equal to our growth, give or take, equal to our growth. And in terms of big ticket, you got diagnostics being stronger than tool storage because we just introduced and we introduced the big Zeus -- ZEUS+, I think it’s $12,000. This is a monster, the top-of-the-line handheld diagnostic. And so that’s been selling robustly. And you see that together with tool storage in the originations this quarter. So I think for the selling off -- the selling to the franchisees quarter, you’re seeing a good big ticket -- a little bit more or more with diagnostics this quarter than in past quarters because of the Zeus launch. And then you see hand tools kind of keeping pace with the average. Everybody else is the -- the other cats and dogs are floating around it.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then a question on the credit business, I mean, obviously, underlying rates have come up and your -- I think your yield was 17.7 or so. Is there the potential to bring your yields up? I mean, can you pass through some of the higher base rates on those loans? Or is that...
Nick Pinchuk: I want to answer this question, but Aldo needs to have at least one question. So, I’ll let…
Aldo Pagliari: Bret, probably not. And the reason for that is we hold our rates. They’re not the lowest rates in the world. They are reflective of the credit profile of the customers that we serve. So they certainly are competitive in the segment where we play. But our rates have been kind of steady over the decade, not just the years, decade, and we’re funded long, as you probably recall. And therefore, we don’t have the same upward pressure on our cost of funds for the next several years. So, as a result of that, we tend to hold the program steady. So the uptick you see right now really is probably reflective a little bit of the slightly better profile of customers as maybe compared to a year or so ago, but it’s very slight, right, 17.6 to 17.7.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And one last question for you then on the cost input side. Are you seeing -- what’s the cadence? And whether it’s metals pricing or labor, obviously shipping has come down, but how are you seeing the input cost cadence trending?
Aldo Pagliari: So look, the cost is similar -- similar, there’s slight pockets of improvement. Every once in a while, you still have to resort to a spot buy and you’re looking at materials. So, I’d say the most broadly speaking, as I think we said earlier, is that there’s some improvement, but every day, you have to remain agile, flexible. There’s always a new challenge when you walk in the door. So, modest improvement, but still, you got to bring all your resources to the table to effectively manage it.
Operator: And the next question comes from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: I have a question for Aldo, so the second question.
Nick Pinchuk: Oh, no.
Gary Prestopino: Well, I got one for you, too. In the other category, Aldo, there was a $15.2 million looks like positive and you tax effect that, it’s about, I think, $0.20 of earnings, $0.21 of earnings. What exactly is that?
Aldo Pagliari: I don’t know if you’re looking at other income, but if we’re looking at that…
Gary Prestopino: Yes.
Aldo Pagliari: Actually, believe it or not, Gary, on the cash that we have on hand, we’re earning a much higher level of interest income than what we did last year. You might remember, about a year ago, you’re getting hardly nothing on your money. Now effectively, the corporation is earning about 4.75% on whatever cash it does have.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. All right. So that explains that. And then I just want to get a question on the diagnostics and the software. Nick, it’s growing. Are you finding that there are shops that -- and I don’t -- can’t believe that this is possible that did not have any diagnostic capabilities that are rapidly adapting it because of the more of the electronics on the models, or are entities just looking to upgrade and buy a more powerful machine?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I mean, look, I think the -- sure, there are shops that don’t have diagnostics. I mean, there are guys who think they can do it themselves. And by the way, you can repair it yourself, but it takes more time. And so the more experienced technicians think they can get through in some of them, particularly in truck shops, you’ll see that more. But generally, diagnostics are an upgrade and they’re upgrading the software. And what happens, the good thing about this, like I say in the remarks, is the more drive by wire, the more you need more advancements in both the software and the hardware. It’s one of the reasons why the ZEUS+ has been such a baffle hit, is that it really does move everything forward, bigger screens, make it easier from a hardware point of view, and it’s got enhanced software. And we tried to emphasize that. We keep coming up with ideas like Mitchell 1, like the wiring diagrams for trucks. That may not sound like much, but it’s bad because if you have to keep -- it’s really helpful because if you have to keep trying to find the wire in a new view, it’s a real puzzle sometimes, and they’re holding about collision. Collision is booming. And so writing software for collision, we’re kind of, I think in kind of one of the only few they’re trying to do that, and we see that being very positive. So there’s a lot of opportunity flow through there. Most of it, though, it really depends on the shop. If you’re talking about just the vehicle repair shop, most of them are upgrading what they have already. In some cases, the shop certainly has something. That would be -- in some cases, you’re adding technicians that are using more diagnostics or don’t have a diagnostic now, they’re borrowing. In other cases, if you look at truck or collision repair, they’re just starting to get diagnostics. That’s a little more fertile ground for it.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then as you sell these higher-ticket diagnostic products, I would assume that the software package that comes with it or is associated with it is also a higher ticket versus the low-end diagnostic.
Nick Pinchuk: I’ll tell you what, Gary, I don’t know how we can afford to sell it for the price we do. But we do -- we view it as a high value, but yes, the software is more -- when you buy the initial package, you get software for a period of time, like six months in the package. And so then you could take a subscription then that will start after six months or you can wait till six months over and take a subscription or you can wait for six months and buy a title. But if you’re talking about let’s take a look at the discrete purchase would be like buy a title, which would be six months of new software, Zeus higher than the next level down and the next level down. So, it’s higher.
Gary Prestopino: And just lastly, do you foresee a situation where as more EVs proliferate through the car park that you would develop a diagnostic tool that’s just specific for EVs?
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. But -- yes, that’s a long time off there because first, what would happen is a diagnostic unit that would handle internal combustion and EVs because they’re going to be sharing the space for a long time. They’re going to be chewing the same dirt on a highway for a long time. And so, the real thing is you’re going to need a broad group of that, both in software and tools. That’s what’s going to happen. Eventually, EVs may take over a plug-in hybrids or whatever evolves in that situation, and that will move the car part. But it’s a long way process. There’s no singularity in here. But once they start to get some presence in the market, you have to start including them in your diagnostic software so that you help the technicians deal with them as you help them deal with the 650-horsepower BMW M5 competition.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Elizabeth Suzuki with Bank of America.
Elizabeth Suzuki: First, I wanted to ask about the financing arm. In terms of your outlook, I mean, do you see risk to originations, if your customers start shifting from some of these bigger ticket items smaller ticket and as credit conditions more broadly kind of tighten, does that have an impact on your customers’ ability or willingness to take on additional debt for those large purchases.
Nick Pinchuk: Actually, I don’t know. That’s a big question. There’s a lot of hypotheticals in there. I don’t think we see a risk right now. People seem to be robust in terms of the big ticket items. One of the messages of our point is I think I said when we were at the conference, there almost seems to be two economies, the financial economy and the physical economy. And the physical economy right now seems pretty pumped to me. And so we see -- and we see that with the take-up of big-ticket items that expresses their confidence. Really, and in past downturns, it hasn’t been the rates that influenced because our rates stay the same. It hasn’t been the rates or the actual money that -- of technicians that influences the choice. It’s their mental view. The paraphrase is -- what was [Technical Difficulty] election. It’s a psychology. And so basically, in the great financial recession, it was the -- we would have said economies glum repair shops hum. And they kept going. And so yes, but they were getting up every day, getting bad news for breakfast on all the shows and reading the paper. So, they were worried about taking long-term long payback items, but they had the money. So, I don’t anticipate the money going away, but I -- but they could change their attitude, depending on how much bombardment occurs. I think really, that’s how we see the world playing out. Repair is essential. It keeps going. But the mentality of the customers can shift between big ticket and small ticket. We saw -- I mean, it’s evidence that you go back to just out of the COVID -- coming out of the COVID everybody had money and garages and never stopped, but they were focused on small ticket items, not big ticket. And when they started to get more comfortable and they had the psychological recovery and exhilaration, they started to go big ticket. That’s what we see now.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Yes. Got it. No, it certainly makes sense that the sentiment is a little different here on Wall Street than it is on Main Street. So I get that. All right. Thank you for that.
Operator: And the next question comes from Scott Stember with ROTH MKM.
Scott Stember: Nick, you’re talking about how collision is booming. I just wanted to flesh that out a little bit. How much of it is just from, I guess, a volume standpoint at the collision level, which I guess you could see with increased purchases of on the car or just collision equipment versus increased demand of diagnostics for ADAS for the collision side.
Nick Pinchuk: It’s both of those. I think increasingly in the collision area is people are more and more interested in -- as we go forward in the sort of like the ADAS situation where you’re talking about calibration and setting the neural network of sensors. And also, things like we talked about with Mitchell 1 with the special collision focused software because people are seeing that job more and more. Two things are happening -- three things are happening, I suppose. The first one is a lot of different materials in a car now. So you just can’t bend steel, you have to cut different like carbon fiber and so on. So, there’s a lot of different physical products that we sell that make that. That was -- that’s a longstanding trend. And then as the neural networks have become more ubiquitous, they need a lot of software and hardware that’s focused on that to recalibrate and do that. And then thirdly, collision jobs are getting more jobs because the collision has taken more time. If you don’t think that -- when you hammer your bumper, see how much it costs you, how long it takes you to get it replaced. Those are taking more time. So, there’s more work for collision jobs. So they’re seeing three factors: one, the material; two, addressing the neural network; and three, just handling the volume and getting productivity.
Scott Stember: Got it. And just housekeeping in the Tools segment, sell into the van channel versus sell-through, were they pretty much in line?
Nick Pinchuk: They were in line, pretty well balanced this quarter. They go up and down, but we’re pretty -- we pretty much feel as though they’re kind of matching up, and they have. They fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. But this quarter is evenly keeled. Maybe there’s a little bit more selling off the van that’s selling into there, maybe a little bit, but not anything significant. So, [Technical Difficulty] pretty solid.
Scott Stember: All right. And just last question, just going back to Bret’s question about the, I guess, the composition of the Tools Group. It sounds that tools were up -- or hand tools were up in line with the overall segment. Can you maybe just talk about anything to point out new products out there, or is it different selling tactics? Is it bundling of certain things? Just trying to see what’s there.
Nick Pinchuk: A lot of different things. I mean, fundamentally, the big kahuna in the Tools Group this time is ZEUS+, big ticket item, $12,000. So that’s rolling through that business. And so that’s the thing that gets your attention. I talked about this Neon Stinger, and I really meant it. It was flying off the shelf. We showed it at our kickoff and people loved it because [Technical Difficulty] and technicians want to make a statement. So tool storage has got some nice products. So you have a new model and diagnostic that’s driving that. You have some really nice innovations in tool storage. And in hand tools, you have a number of different things, some of which are things like new pliers. We have a range of new pliers that everybody loves. I was talking to the franchisees, like I said, a couple of weeks ago. And these guys whipped out these pliers and started talking about how great they are and easy to sell because they’re so functional, how in grip. They hold on really well, three positions, so you can handle any kind of job. People love them. So you see that. Plus we’re bundling some things like impact sockets, putting together some impact sockets where they weren’t bundled before. So people -- impact sockets are things you use for very hard and difficult like trucks, you really need a lot of power. So the sockets have to be of a different dimension, less hard but stronger, thicker wall and those kinds of things. So, we see those coming out, maybe focused on the truck shop. So those are the kinds of things that are driving the situation. But it’s always that way. There’s always a story around products.
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Let me start off by just asking about the revenue mix overall. Are you seeing a shift in the percentage of revenues from technicians versus independent garage owners and dealerships?
Nick Pinchuk: Not really. I mean, you could say this. Let me say this. Only in this way, not in the Tools Group for sure. I don’t see it in the Tools group. You could argue that, all right, you tend to get garage owners who are also technicians, they are the probably number one buyer of a ZEUS+. So in that way, you might see more of that. But every time you roll out the top of the line diagnostic unit, you’re seeing that. So adjusting for our expectations in that way, I don’t see any change in the Tools Group. If you go to RS&I, while repairs -- software and diagnostic sales to independent repair shops were up, the two big pounders in RS&I was the OEM businesses following the new models and the equipment. But equipment is split between -- pretty much equally between garages and independent. So generally, you’ll see a slight shading toward OEM garages on the RS&I side. You won’t see any -- much of a mix change on the tools side except for the fact that ZEUS+ seems to always -- the big kahuna always sells, has a strong shop by. That’s pretty much it. Other than that, we don’t see any changes.
David MacGregor: Just staying on the garage owners for a minute, Nick. Your contract receivable is up 9.2%. You sense that garage owners are maybe starting to face a little more difficulty securing credit, returning to Snap-on credit as an alternative?
Aldo Pagliari: For -- the contract receivables are with the franchisees and the van leases and inventory. So, that’s…
David MacGregor: Yes. So, let’s throw them in there as well and just say, is this group facing any more of a challenge on secure credit?
Nick Pinchuk: David, it’s a logical extension of -- higher credit maybe. But I’m not hearing it. I don’t know. You’re a windshield guy, too. I mean, I don’t hear it in my windshield surveys, nobody is saying that. And I would just offer, our impression was based on how our franchisees are and how they say the technicians are is the balance sheets are pretty robust. So yes, that might happen, but I don’t think we’re seeing it happen now. I don’t think that’s occurring right now. I think this is a pretty robust sector. We haven’t -- we didn’t see it get manipulated during the great [Technical Difficulty] they were more cautious, but they were still pretty plush. So I don’t know. Could happen, but I don’t hear it anyway.
David MacGregor: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just on storage and maybe any of the other categories where you’ve got large backlogs. Can you just give us some sense of how far back those backlogs are extending and...
Nick Pinchuk: Too far. That’s why we’re spending -- factories. Look, that is -- I was at these franchisees. I don’t know, you can take this around many grains, so if you wish, but these guys are telling me they can sell every tool storage box they get. Backlogs go back. I don’t want to really get into that. Sorry. But it’s pretty substantial, probably longer than we would like. But sometimes we wonder -- I’d tell you what, just a key -- looking at sometimes we wonder it is better if the backlog is long. It makes people want them more. I don’t know. You know what I mean? Because everybody wants a Snap-on box, it seems. So maybe it just makes it more attractive, like if you have to wait for a car for a long time. But we’d like to bring this backlog down. That’s why we are enhancing our factories in all categories really. Virtually all of our product lines are up to the eyeballs and trying to turn out the factories. But the one that chases the most is tool storage because everywhere we go, people say, I need more. I need more. I need more.
David MacGregor: Is there a reason then, Nick, why at the regional kickoffs you were offering discount packages on storage? It seems odd that you’d be discounting something as backlog.
Nick Pinchuk: Because we offer discount packages all the time. That’s part of the reason to buy now. You could say, okay, you don’t have to have the discount package. But in reality -- in reality, David, our franchisees are conditioned to sell off a kind of deal. Our art is to make that deal attractive but leaner or richer depending on how we want to move the product.
David MacGregor: Got it. Last question for me is just, I guess, given the strength in big-ticket sales, Nick, combined with -- whether you’re on Wall Street or Main Street, there’s a slowing macro out there. I guess, what gives you confidence you aren’t pulling forward technician purchasing power that adversely impacts hand tools sales and future growth at some point down the road?
Nick Pinchuk: Actually, I don’t worry so much about hand tools. I don’t. I mean, hand tools have been strong come hell or high water. I mean I think -- I mean I only been here 15 years. So maybe that’s not long enough. But the thing is it seems though hand tools -- if you’re talking about the longer payback items, like I was talking to Liz, sooner or later, sometimes, the psychology of it all breaks through and even the guys who are working every day and pulling in the money, they say, I want to keep my powder dry for a while, sometimes. But that’s a psychological balance, which I think right now there’s tremendous reservoirs of optimism in the people of work. It’s different than the big companies. If you look at the National Association of Manufacturers and you look at small manufacturers versus large manufacturers, there’s all of a sudden a big divide between them in terms of their optimism, their outlook. The small guys have almost never been higher. So, I think this is part of what it is. I think there’s a lot of talk. As you say, there’s a lot of talk and just we saw -- I’m not saying it’s wrong or anything like that. But when you walk in -- when I walk in a garage or meet the franchisees, they’re saying, who’s this guy? Is this guy, Paul? I don’t even know who he is.
David MacGregor: Well, it was a good quarter. Congratulations, Nick.
Operator: And the last question comes from Luke Junk with Baird.
Luke Junk: Thanks for getting me in here. I know we’re maybe a little limited for time, so I’ll just ask one question today. And what I was really hoping to understand is, Nick or Aldo, you could just unpack the gross margin gains we saw both in the Tools Group and C&I this quarter a little bit more. Especially what I’m hoping to understand how much normalization we’re seeing right now in the margin in terms of price and what’s going on with material costs and whether you think that’s sustainable or even there might be more opportunity as we go from here. Thanks.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, -- I like to do this. So I’ll do this. Look, in C&I it’s simple. Critical industries, boomshakalaka!. Critical industries are the highest margin business in that area. And the margins are robust and they did pretty well. And like we talked about the military and I don’t know if you heard that call, but the military tends to be -- is the base by base type of product we’re getting that’s moving it. And that tends to be pretty good. So I think that’s one factor you’re seeing there. That’s pretty strong. They were up -- the critical industries were up greater than 11%. And that’s what drove the margins I think, principally, There were other things. I mean another thing is that generally, the supply chain is getting better, but some of the stuff you go out and buy a whole bunch of stuff on -- when you spot [ph] buy, you buy a lot because you don’t want to have to not have them. So some of that stuff is working its way through. So it’s a very complex mix. We are seeing some abatement. That should continue. But mostly, the big factor there, the 190 basis points had to do with critical industries doing well. The customized kits are great for us and they sold -- we broke some of the bottlenecks, and we did well in that situation. So that’s C&I. If you look at Tools Group, it’s -- there’s no product mix story that I think guys were wondering; if there were, it wasn’t that. But it is the fact that there is an attenuation in the commodities, so the commodities, which Tools Group is very vertically integrated, so they buy commodities in a lot of situations. So they get a nice pop from that. And so, they’re getting some improvement in that situation. Of course, they’re taking their foot off the pricing in concert with that. And then the Tools Group has been hammering away at RCI. So, you see a lot of that happening in this situation. So, we think the whole thing is sustainable. Now that -- I’m not telling you that the OI margin for the Tools Group is going to be the same next quarter, but we don’t think they can’t -- we believe they could go higher. Not necessarily next quarter, but we think there’s room to move up from RCI and a rationalization of the situation.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to return the floor to Sara Verbsky for any closing comments.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. And you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2022 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Cole, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's fourth quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call.  Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or that otherwise discuss management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website.  With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. Wow, it's been some year and quite a quarter. China knee jerking from Zero COVID and strict lockdowns to living with COVID in unprecedented virus explosion, diminished but still continuing spikes in the supply chain, the ongoing Ukraine war, the emergence of -- the reemergence of Brexit and now the rising shadow of the recession, echoing in almost daily public pronouncements. And thru it all, Snap-on delivered another in a long line of encouraging performances.  We'll go through it. Starting with the highlights of the quarter and the year, I'll give you my perspective on the results, the market environment and our progress. And after that, Aldo will move into -- as usual, Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials.  The fourth quarter was encouraging. We believe it emphatically demonstrates the continuing resilience of our markets and the capability of our operations to achieve in the face of difficulty, wielding the power of our product our brand, our people and our strategic position. It all combines to serve as clear evidence of what we already know. Snap-on is a unique and extraordinary operation. The results for the fourth quarter serve as more testimony to that fact, and they are an unmistakable demonstration of our continuing momentum. Of course, we did with the differences from group to group and within the operations, but we believe the overall results are compelling.  Fourth quarter sales of $1.159 billion as reported, up 4.3% from 2021 included a substantial impact from unfavorable foreign currency of $37.7 million a 370 basis point headwind, and an organic sales increase of 8% over last year, and that represented a 22.7% rise over 2019. This now represents the corporation's tenth consecutive quarter above prepandemic levels. It's a trend of, I think, some significance in uncertain times like these. From an earnings perspective, our opco operating income for the quarter, including the impact from unfavorable foreign currency was $248 million, up 6.8% compared to 2021 and 44.7% above the 2019 pre-pandemic level. The OI margin for the quarter, it was 21.5%, improving by 50 basis points over last year and 360 basis points over 2019. It's the same resiliency that's been demonstrated over the years as we paid dividends every quarter since 1939 without a single interruption or reduction. In fact, in November, our dividend was raised by 14.1%, marking the 13th straight year of increases. It's more a testimony of Snap-on's consistent performance through varying environments. This is just another one of them.  For Financial Services, operating income of $63.9 million was down from 67 point -- $63.9 million was down from the $67.2 million in 2021. That decrease reflected the forecasted -- our forecast to return to more historical provision levels, but all the while keeping delinquencies flat to last year. And our overall quarterly EPS reached $4.42, $0.32 or 7.8% above 2021 and up 43.5% compared with 2019. Well, those are the numbers.  Now to the markets. We believe that automotive repair remains very favorable. It makes sense. The average age of vehicles continue to increase. The complexity of repairs is rising steeply as new platforms enter the vehicle park, and enter they have, starting in dealerships. And we have seen a resurgence in dealership projects despite a still recovering supply chain. Changes in internal combustion, the rise of electric vehicles and the expansion of vehicle autonomy have made dealerships eager for new equipment to support complex repair test of the evolving vehicle park, and we see it.  Projects and powertrains aside, dealerships continue to see healthy demand in repair and maintenance and in warranty, driving the need for shop expansion and more technicians. You can see it in the macros. Repair spending, technician numbers, technician wages, all up. Our dealership segment is expanding. And for independent repair shops, confidence remains sky high across the board. Shop owners and managers confirm that demand for repairs for technicians over complex skills are all rising, and our sales growth in that sector mirrors that enthusiasm. We believe we're moving into what we can be called the golden age of vehicle repair, and our Tools Group and RS&I group are uniquely positioned with the product, the brand and the people to take full advantage, even in the midst of turbulence. You can see it.  Now for the critical industries, where our Commercial & Industrial Group, or C&I operates. We continue to see progress but the group spans wide jurisdictions. And as such, various headwinds across the geographies and the industries have attenuated some of those gains. For geographies, Europe with the war and the reemergence of Brexit and China impacted by the COVID chaos were a stark contrast to relatively strong North American markets, a lot of variation. And the range in variability among sectors also continue to be a challenge. Natural resources, heavy-duty fleets, general industries and international aviations were robust, but the military area remain challenged. Overall, however, order demand for most of the critical industries has been strong, and we believe that's a great signal for C&I's future. So C&I does have challenges across geographies and the segments, but we have made advancements, and we see opportunities for tomorrow.  Going forward, we believe we'll keep moving down our runways for growth, our wide runways for growth. And as we proceed, we're also fortified, as all of you have heard before, by our Snap-on Value Creation processes, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement, or RCI. They're the core processes that drive our ongoing progress, especially customer connection and innovation, growing our product line. You see, our franchisees and our direct sales force puts us in a strategic advantage, standing face-to-face with professional techs, understanding their individual challenges, showcasing the solutions created by our powerful product and demonstrating their use.  Our resilient markets do represent a significant opportunity, and we are there to take advantage up close and personal, like no one else, right where the jobs are done. And it's working. 2022 was a year of substantial headwinds, but our team prevailed with the year achieving new heights. Sales up $4 billion, $492.8 million, up 5.7%, reflecting an organic gain of 8.7% compared to 2021 and a 20.2% organic increase versus 2019. The opco margin for the year was 20.9%, up 90 basis points from '21 and exceeding the prepandemic margins by 170 basis points. As reported, earnings per share for the year were $16.82, up 12.7% from '21 and represented a rise of 35.5% from 2019. It's all evidence of the decisive and ongoing momentum that marked the year and the quarter.  Now the operating groups. Let's start with C&I. Fourth quarter sales of million for the group were down $15.5 million versus last year, including $21.2 million in unfavorable currency and a 1.7% organic gain. Our Specialty Tools division was a clear positive with double-digit gains. Precision is becoming essential every day, and our toric products are putting us right in the middle of that rise. Our critical industries also showed strength, especially in North America, propelled by growth in natural resources, general and heavy duty, partially attenuated by lower military activity.  Outside North America, it was a different story. SNA Europe was down and China was diminished. OI for C&I was $47.9 million, down $2.2 million primarily from the $2.3 million in unfavorable foreign currency. The group's operating margin was 14%. It was flat to last year, but still represented an advance of 120 basis points over the pre-pandemic level in 2019, and that was against 50 basis points of negative currency and acquisition dilution. The specialty torque business within C&I really is making significant strides. Torque is hot, and Snap-on is a widening array of new offerings to prominently participate in that trend. Products like our new series of digital torque checkers. It's from our Norbar engineering team. You might remember we acquired Norbar a few years ago. Our Norbar engineering team in England, more compact and easier to use, it helps technicians validate the accuracy of torque instruments close to the workplace, saving a lot of time.  Our new checkers accommodate torque measurements from 5-inch pounds to 1,500 foot pounds and rent is from a quarter inch to 1-inch covering jobs from precision fasteners and a jet cockpit to a heavy-duty bolt on a giant oil rig, a wide range of applications. And it's compact steel how they easily mount in a variety -- this is compact steel housing easily mounts in a variety of convenient locations at the point of issuing or in the pathway of the workflow, like tool cribs, aviation hangars and manufacturing cells, making torque checking an easy exercise.  With an accuracy of plus or minus 1%, our new checker increases process quality without work interruption, raises consistency in assembly activity and, with a streamlined documentation feature, greatly improves the management of fastening in any application. The initial launch was well received by any operation that relies on precision torque, and there are a lot of them. And as you can imagine, the new checker is right on track to be a Snap-on hit product with sales of $1 million in the first year. So it looks like it's a pretty strong product for us. C&I, mixed progress, challenged with headwinds, but it did have significant areas of improvement paving the way for future growth.  Now on to the Tools Group. Quarterly sales of $542.7 million, up $37.9 million, including 9.5% in unfavorable currency and a 9.6% organic increase, gains in the U.S. operation and continued expansion in the international networks. And it was all led by big ticket items, tool storage and diagnostics both with double-digit gains. Operating earnings for the Tools Group were $116.1 million in the quarter, $5.6 million above 2021, and that included $4.5 million in unfavorable currency. The operating margin was 21.4%, 50 basis points below last year, but that was impacted by currency and by product mix, but it was still a result of considerable strength.  Tools Group again represents the ongoing power and market leadership of our van network. It's written across the financials. And that positivity is clearly an boldly echoed in the voices of our franchisees. I can tell you, I was just at one of our annual kickoff. It's unmistakable that they're pumped enthusiastic and confidence. They know they are growing. And they firmly believe there's more to be had. And our franchisee health metrics confirm all of that to be true. The quantitative trajectory delays in that data supports every bit of the positivity -- of the positive attitude. And the franchisees expressed their excitement in more formal ways. During the quarter, we were recognized by the Franchise Business Review, which surveys franchisee satisfaction. And it's the latest ranking that publication, once again, latest annual ranking -- that publication once again listed Snap-on as a top 50 franchise, marking the 16th consecutive year we received that award. And internationally, Snap-on was ranked #1, #1 in Elite Franchisees Magazine's Top U.K. Franchises for 2023, finishing not only above the U.K.-only franchise systems, but also coming in ahead of the very popular global brand -- a number of very popular global brands. Now that type of recognition reflects, I think, fundamental strength of our brand business, and it would not have been achieved without a continuous stream of innovative new products.  As part of that, Snap-on continues to lead the industry with great tool storage innovations designed to improve productivity and allow techs to personalize their workspace. We're the first to market with the LED power top, rightly lighting the greening Snap-on tools like special jewels as each store is accessed. It's quite a sight. It enables the techs to show the pride in their work. And building on that feature, in December, we started shipping the first of our new IRIS tool storage units. It's a 68-inch special edition epic roll cap, which allows the technician to adjust the draw lighting with an infinite array of color selections. It is an eye-catcher coated and great paint paired with red trim, and it also features -- besides its appearance, it also features for the first time a specially lit Snap-on logo nameplate. It's innovative, striking. And as for all epic boxes, all of them, it streams functionality. The power top and the power door provides 10 electrical outlets and 4 USB ports throughout the road that ensures that all the cordless tools, the lights, the accessories are charged and at the ready. It also features our unique speed drawer for smart customizable tool organization. It's a very popular and productive feature in the shops. Convenience, productivity and distinction, the IRIS received an overwhelming reception, helping to drive the landmark tool storage we had just in the fourth quarter -- landmark full storage quarter we had just recently. It shows that pride really is a powerful salesman. You show that every day.  Well, that's our Tools Group, booming in the U.S. progressing internationally, continuing the stream of new products, building the brand, enhancing the brand channel and moving forward with momentum.  Now for RS&I. In the fourth quarter, our RS&I Group results confirmed what we've been saying all along. Snap-on is well positioned for the ongoing rise in vehicle repair. RS&I sales in the quarter of $437.9 million increased 11.6%, including $9.5 million in unfavorable currency and a 14.3% organic gain, 14.3%, boom shakalaka. That rise was authored by -- it was a great performance, and that rise was authored by double-digit increase in OEM dealerships as manufacturers continue to release new models, invest in new equipment and implement essential tool programs. But our business in the independent garages also expanded nicely with double-digit growth in our undercar equipment and in our diagnostics and repair information products, twin pillars of strength. Shop owners need upgrades to follow the changing car park, and they now have confidence regarding their futures to act on that imperative and Snap-on is ready to help.  RS&I operating earnings for the quarter were $110.6 million, up 13.8%. And again, and the operating margin, it was 25.3%, rising 50 basis points over 2021, exhibiting our team's ability to navigate the turbulence, welding Snap-on value creation, connecting with customers, launching innovation executing RCI and doing what they're expected to do: keep raising profitability.  One example is our diagnostic business, double-digit growth, led by new products. Last quarter, we mentioned the launch of our game-changing handheld diligent diagnostic unit, the . Well, it's selling at a record pace. It's in hardware and in software subscriptions. It's a great unit that again raises the bar for an advanced repair, providing technicians with a powerful health and troubleshooting and diagnostic the most complex of vehicle repairs. Zeus Plus makes those special challenges take up so much shop time appear quick and easy, and the techs are noticing. RS&I, the repair shops are confident seeing a great future, and RS&I has the products to pave their way.  Well, that's our fourth quarter. Opco organic sales rising 8%, 10 quarters of consecutive growth from pre-pandemic levels. Tools Group, demonstrating strength. Organic sales up 9.6% over last year, rising 33.2% from prepandemic levels. RS&I products to meet the needs of the vehicles of today and of tomorrow, activity up 14.3% organically, gains in both OEM dealerships and independent shops, C&I showing potential for growth despite international headwinds, strong momentum in the critical industries with much more to go. And it all drove a 21.5% operating margin for the overall enterprise, rising 50 basis points from last year and an EPS of $4.42 up over every comparison. It was another encouraging quarter.  Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $1.559 billion in the quarter increased 4.3% from 2021 levels, reflecting an 8% organic sales gain, partially offset by $37.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase this quarter reflects double-digit gains in the Repair Systems & Information Group, high single-digit growth in the Snap-on Tools Group and low single-digit gains in the Commercial and Industrial group.  From a geographic perspective, double-digit sales growth in both North and South America more than offset weaker demand in Europe. Consolidated gross margin of 48.5% improved 40 basis points from 48.1% last year. Contributions from the increased sales volumes and pricing actions, 40 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects and benefits from the company's RCI initiatives more than offset higher material and other costs. Again, this quarter, we believe the corporation through pricing and RCI actions continue to navigate effectively the cost and other supply chain dynamics of the current environment.  Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales of 27% improved 10 basis points from 27.1% last year. Operating earnings before financial services of $248 million in the quarter compared to $232.2 million in 2021 as a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 21.5% improved 50 basis points from last year's fourth quarter.  Financial services revenue of $88.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $86.9 million last year. Operating earnings of $63.9 million decreased to $3.3 million from 2021 levels and included a return to what we believe to be a more normal level of provisions for credit losses than those recorded last year. Consolidated operating earnings of $311.9 million in the quarter compared to $299.4 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, operating earnings margin of 25.1% was unchanged from last year.  Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate of 22% compared to 22.3% last year. Net earnings of $238.9 million or $4.42 per diluted share increased $15.2 million or $0.32 per share from last year levels, representing a 7.8% increase in diluted earnings per share.  Now let's turn to our segment results for the quarter. Starting with C&I group on Slide 7. Sales of $343.2 million decreased from $358.7 million last year, reflecting a $5.7 million or 1.7% organic sales gain, which was more than offset by $21.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic growth primarily reflects double-digit gains in the segment specialty torque business as well as a low single-digit increase in sales to customers in critical industries. These gains were partially offset by a mid-single-digit decline in the segment's European-based hand tools business. With respect to critical industries, gains in sales to heavy-duty fleets, mining and general industry more than offset lower activity with the military.  Gross margin of 37.7% improved 120 basis points from 36.5% in the fourth quarter of 2021. This was primarily due to increased sales volumes and pricing actions, benefits from RCI initiatives and 20 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects, partially offset by higher material and other input costs. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 23.7% in the quarter increased 120 basis points from 22.5% in 2021, mostly due to reduced sales and lower expense businesses. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $47.9 million compared to $50.1 million last year. The operating margin of 14% was unchanged from last year.  Turning to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $542.7 million compared to $504.8 million a year ago, reflecting a 9.6% organic sales gain, partially offset by $9.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales growth reflects a double-digit gain in our U.S. business and a low single-digit increase in our international operations. The quarter benefited from robust demand for our recently launched diagnostic platform as well as our tool storage product line. Gross margin of 43.2% in the quarter declined 70 basis points from 43.9% last year. The year-over-year decrease is primarily due to 40 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased sales of lower gross margin products and higher material and other costs. These declines were partially offset by benefits from the higher sales volume and pricing actions. As a reminder, the Snap-on Tools Group serves as a distributor for products such as diagnostics, which is made by our RS&I Group. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 21.8% improved 20 basis points from 22% last year. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $116.1 million compared to $110.5 million last year. The operating margin of 21.4% compared to 21.9% in 2021.  Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $437.9 million increased 11.6% from $392.5 million in 2021, reflecting a 14.3% organic sales gain, partially offset by $9.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic gain is comprised of double-digit increases in sales of undercar and collision repair equipment in activity with OEM dealerships and in sales of diagnostics and repair information products to independent shop owners and managers, including those diagnostic sales affected by the Snap-on Tools Group.  Gross margin of 45% declined 110 basis points from 46.1% last year, primarily due to a higher material and other input costs and increased sales in lower gross margin businesses. These declines were partially offset by benefits from pricing actions and savings from RCI initiatives as well as 80 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 19.7% improved 160 basis points from 21.3% last year, primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage, higher activity and lower expense businesses and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating earnings for the RS&I group of $110.6 million compared to $97.2 million last year. The operating margin of 25.3% improved 50 basis points from 24.8% reported a year ago.  Now turning to Slide 10. Revenue from Financial Services of $88.3 million, including a $1.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation compared to $86.9 million last year. Financial Services operating earnings of $63.9 million, including $900,000 of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $67.2 million in 2021. Financial Services expenses of $24.4 million were up $4.7 million from 2021 levels, mostly due to $4.8 million of higher provisions for credit losses. While provisions have increased versus the historically lower provision rate experienced last year, we believe that the loan portfolio trends remain stable.  For reference, provisions for finance receivable losses in the current quarter were $12.8 million as compared to $8.4 million in the fourth quarter last year, yet lower than the $14.1 million and the $16 million recorded in the fourth quarters of 2019 and 2018, respectively. As a percentage of the average portfolio, Financial Services expenses were 1.1% and 0.9% in the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021, the respective average yield on finance receivables were 17.6% and 17.7%. In the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021, the average yield on contract receivables were 8.6% and 8.5%, respectively. The blended yield for the portfolio was 15.7% in the fourth quarter of 2022, which is the same as last year.  Total loan originations of $299.7 million in the fourth quarter increased $43.4 million or 16.9% from 2021 levels, reflecting a 17% increase in originations of finance receivables, a 16.7% increase in originations of contract receivables. The increase in finance receivable originations reflects the continued strong sales of big-ticket items by our franchisees during the work.  Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.3 billion of gross financing receivables, including $2 billion from our U.S. operation. The total global gross portfolio is up 3.4% year-over-year. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.6% for U.S. extended credit was the same as in 2021 and compared to 1.8% in the pre-pandemic period of 2019. On a sequential basis, the rate is up 10 basis points, reflecting the seasonal trend we typically experience between the third and fourth quarters. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, trailing 12-month net losses of $43.8 million represented 2.4% of of outstandings at year-end. While this was up 6 basis points from a year ago, it is 47 basis points lower than year-end 2019.  Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $210.6 million in the quarter compared to $222.7 million last year. The decrease from the fourth quarter of 2021 primarily reflects a 36.5% -- $36.5 million increase in working investment, partially offset by improved net earnings. Net cash used by investing activities of $67.9 million included net additions to finance receivables of $47.3 million and capital expenditures of $22.7 million.  Net cash used by financing activities of $145.8 million included cash dividends of $86 million and the repurchase of 284,000 shares of common stock for $65.3 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of year-end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $362.4 million of common stock under existing authorizations.  Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $79.4 million from 2021 year-end. Days sales outstanding of 61 days compared to 58 days at 2021 year-end and to 67 days as of the pre-pandemic year end of 2019. Inventories increased $229.3 million from 2021 year-end. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.5 compared to 2.8 at year-end 2021 and the 2.6x as of year-end 2019. The growth in inventory primarily reflects higher demand, including inventories to support new products. Additionally, given the dynamics of the current supply chain situation, our level of safety stocks and in-transit parts, components and raw materials are up, as our year-over-year costs associated with finished goods.  Our year-end cash position of $757.2 million compared to $780 million at year-end 2021. Our net debt to capital ratio of 9% compared to 9.1% at year-end 2021. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million available under our credit facilities. As of year-end, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility, and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding.  That concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2023. We anticipate that capital expenditures will be in the range of $90 million to $100 million. In addition, we currently anticipate, absent any changes to the U.S. tax legislation, that our full year 2023 effective income tax rate will be in a range of 23% to 24%.   I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, that's our quarter and our year. I would say we can characterize particularly the fourth quarter as a period where the hits just kept on coming: sporadic supply shortages, war, Brexit, lockdowns, virus explosion and a constant drumbeat of recession warnings that served up bad news for breakfast every day. You can also describe the recent path of the time when Snap-on clearly demonstrated the resilience of its markets and the power of its businesses. C&I. engaging the full range of challenges across sectors and geographies but overcoming, growing 1.7% organically, registering an OI margin of 14%, flat to last year, reflecting the turbulence of the moment but up 120 basis points from pre-pandemic levels. The Tools Group, big ticket items surging, organic sales growing 9.6% overall, OI margin at 21.4%, up big from pre-pandemic levels, down from last year but primarily due to 40 points of negative currency and a similar impact from less favorable product mix. Still strong. RS&I, success in both OEM dealerships and independent shops, sales of 14.3% organically and an OI margin of 25.3%, up 50 basis points from last year. We said we're well positioned for the comeback and repair shops, and RS&I is showing just that.  And the credit company, OI down, but finance originations growing a strong 17%, and all of it authored strong numbers for the corporation. Organic sales up 8% versus last year, 22.7% versus pre-pandemic levels. OI margin of 21.5%, 21.5%, up 50 basis points compared with 2021 and 360 basis points over 2019. Full year organic sales were up the OI margin for the year was 20.9%, a rise of 90 basis points. And finally, EPS for the quarter of $4.42, up 7.8% versus last year and 43.5% versus prepandemic levels.  The hits did just keep coming, but Snap-on overcame. We exited the year stronger than when we entered, and we left the quarter in December with greater position and strength than we had in early October. We do have momentum, and you can see it in the numbers. We believe our markets will remain resilient, offer ongoing and abundant opportunities, and with our inherent advantages, the breadth and quality of our products. the unique and aspirational nature of our brands and the considerable capabilities of our experienced team, we believe we will maintain the momentum and extend our ongoing positive trajectory throughout 2023 and well beyond.  Now before I turn the call over to the operator, I want to speak directly to our franchisees and associates. I know that many of you are listening. You are the people of work, the individuals whose contributions collectively fostered these results. As I look back over the quarter, over 2022 and, in fact, over the past 3 years, it's clear your efforts, as you met the justifiable fear with extraordinary vigilance, helped keep our society and our company from disintegrating while we engaged and prevailed against the COVID. We often say that Snap-on people are unique, special and consistently make a difference. The past 3 years have clearly proved its so. For your ongoing achievement in the past quarter and many others, you have my congratulations. For your continued dedication in enabling the work of our society, you have my admiration. And for your confident commitment to Snap-on and its future, you have my thanks.  Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question today will come from Luke Junk with Baird. .
Luke Junk: I apologize if any of this has been covered in the prepared remarks, joining the call a little bit late this morning. First question...
Nicholas Pinchuk: It was good.
Luke Junk: That's helpful summary. I'll dive margin-related question to start with. And what I'm wondering is, now we've got several commodities, including steel that are off of their highs that we saw in 2022, and can you just help us understand how that might start to flow into your P&L this year, especially in the Tools Group? I know that typically, there's at least a couple quarter time lag that's associated with that? Is that still a good way to think about it? And at the same time, still broader inflationary pressures out there. If you could also comment on your approach to pricing as we begin 2023.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, I think -- I'll answer the last question first. I think our approach to pricing as we see the situation when we meet the individual timing, like the individual quarters, I think you're going to see a mixed result. You said it correctly that things work its way and some kind of lag into your P&L as you go forward in terms of the pricing. If you look back, you do see a mixed review and, say, steel, for example. Hand tool steel is down some, it's not down to pre-pandemic levels, but tool storage steel is down closer to pre-pandemic levels. So you see some variation in that. And it doesn't look like they're going to go back up. It looks like you're going to -- I would expect to see them -- if they go to prepandemic levels, maybe that's equilibrium. But if you're above that, we kind of expect it to kind of go downwards. The thing that -- and you'll see that work its way through and give us some relief going forward. But the timing of that is a little uncertain based on what you said, associated with the lag. The big impact from the supply chain for us has been the availability of certain items. And so sometimes, even today, even as the supply chain is regularized, you can't find certain things, and you have to go out and spot market and get it. This particularly bedevils C&I., Tools Group less so, but it's impacted some of the RS&I things from time to time. So supply chain, I would say, in terms of a negative factor is abating but not disappearing as we go forward. That's what I see. So it's taken some pressure off. It's hard for me to predict, though, about certain supplies that could come up at any time. So you see that kind of situation.
Luke Junk: My follow-up question is around credit. So if you look at credit performance, I mean, it's been very good if we look at delinquency rates in the back half of the year versus normal seasonality that's in the context of what's becoming clearly more -- just more macro risk, generally speaking, originations trending higher. How do you balance credit in 2023 between managing the risk side and pushing on what does seem like it could still be an incremental growth driver for the Tools Group given where we're coming from?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, look, I think this -- we don't change our policies in terms of risk based on the externals so much. We don't raise or drop our -- the credit standards associated with do we need sales or not. We pretty much focus on the same customer and look at it in the same way going forward. I think what you're seeing in rise of originations, it has nothing to do with the credit -- necessarily the credits to the customers. I think everybody says that professional technicians have a pretty -- had a pretty strong balance sheet for some time. I think what you've seen is a combination of compelling product and our technicians seeing the great opportunities they have, numbers of -- demand for technicians up, wages up and the repair systems up. You can see it in the macro sort of getting more confident to invest in big ticket items. I think to the extent you see originations, that's not driven by any credit policy, that's driven by the big ticket items. And whether we use credit or not will be dependent on how well the products are selling in the marketplace. Now right now, the thing about it is, is that if you have big ticket items leading the way in a robust quarter, and they were up double digits, , I think, baffle was the word I said. I think that says a lot for confidence because what my experience is, and I've been here a while, my experience is that when people -- when things start to look gloomy a little bit in professional technicians, the need doesn't go away but they tend to shift more to shorter payback items, not big ticket items. That's what happened in the great financial recession. So the fact that we had a big ticket boom, I think, gives me a lot of great confidence in our future.
Operator: And our next question will come from Elizabeth Suzuki with Bank of America.
Elizabeth Suzuki: So the -- I mean, the automotive repair industry has arguably had some benefit from the surge in used vehicle values that caused some older vehicles to stay on the road for longer and vehicle owners to invest in maintenance. So I guess as used vehicle values are falling and potentially some more new vehicles start to get on the road and get into dealerships, I mean is Snap-on agnostic to that shift in vehicle aging?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, really I mean, I think as we serve the dealerships just as well. I mean, you could argue that older cars have more repairs and maybe be entitled to that. But in reality, it's a long wave of event, Liz. The fact that new cars are becoming -- the fact that used cars were being held longer, we don't really think that makes that much a difference. We followed it for years. And when you look at a year or a quarter when, let's say, scrappage is up or scrappage is down, it doesn't seem to affect the numbers at all. So for us, I think if you said, okay, the car park is going to get younger over time, then that would be some pressure on repair. But the car park has gotten older every year since 1980. So I don't think that's going to change very much. And we -- I would not put the shift to used cars as much of a factor in the strength of the automotive repair market from our perspective. So I think any change from that is not going to make a difference, really. And we do serve the dealers. We actually get -- our revenues in the Tools Group is about the dealership -- revenue from the dealerships in the Tools Group actually almost dead on reflects the amount of repair that they have as a percentage of the total repair done in the country. So we're kind of agnostic between dealerships and independent repair shops.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Got it. Okay. That makes sense. And then just a question on capital allocation. And I'm curious to get your thoughts on the company's current appetite for M&A and which segments you feel are potentially more fragmented and where Snap-on could continue to roll up smaller businesses and what the pipeline might look like currently.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, look, I think we have a pipeline. We have a number of prospects we always look at, but we have -- what we do is we look to say we have runways for growth, enhance the van channel, expand with repair shop owners and managers, extend the critical industries and build in emerging markets. And we're always looking for something that's operating in the critical task space, where the penalties for failure are high, in other words, not DIY, but professional space. That can advance our position along one of those runways. There isn't much in the Tools Group because the Tools Group is already in a strong position there and it doesn't need too much. But if you look at -- and in emerging markets -- maybe in emerging markets now that's going to start opening up with all the turbulence that's been floating around there. But our 2 sweet spots in this have been in expand repair shop owners and managers, that's a junk RS&I or extend the critical industry.  And when we look there is give us a product that gives us more to sell to those customers or a new technology that's important to the customers or gives us a presence with customers. So for example, I mentioned Norbar. Norbar is an acquisition, which got us bigger in torque. It's critical. It's a technology we could use some help in at the top end. So we acquired it and it was a great success story. You can see the same kind of thing in RS&I with the acquisitions of Dealer-FX, where we wanted to beef up our software position in dealerships, one, because it's a profitable situation; but two, because it gives you a strategic advantage in terms of the visibility of new products that are going to enter the market just as you talked about, the new products, you get a better view of it. So that's the kind of thing.  So things that will advance us down those runways for growth are things we have money for, and we have no shyness about acquiring things. big or small. But we're careful. We take care of our money. So we don't transform the company. We're looking for coherent acquisitions. And there are a bunch of those. But sometimes when we look at something that isn't -- it's only 30% what we do or sometimes it isn't what we thought -- where we thought it was and we decided we don't want to have it, other times we do. In case of Norbar, Dealer-FX, we thought positively.
Operator: And our next question will come from Scott Stember with MKM Partners. .
Unidentified Analyst: And Nick, you talked about the big ticket items really driving the show for the Tools Group, but how did the hand tools perform in the quarter?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Hand tools were flat. So hands tools have been booming. They were like going wild in the last year and the first part of this year, and they are the high -- actually, believe it or not, they're the highest margin business in the hand tools. And so they're great. But when they back down a little bit, that puts a little margin pressure on them in the Tools Group. Flat is okay, though because they're really still strong. But tool storage is a great margin business, and that was up strong double-digit, fact, best tool storage ever. In fact, I had a guy telling me, I was out talking to the sales guy, he told me he could sell every tool storage unit I could build for him. Our backlog is exploding in tool storage. So we can sell a lot of them. And then -- so -- and that doesn't have much effect on margin. The real margin -- the source of the margin comment here was diagnostics. Diagnostics makes a lot of money for the corporation, but the Tools Group shares the margin with RS&I. Remember, RS&I makes it and sells it to the Tools Group. So from a pure Tools Group or when you're looking at diagnostics, that margin is a lower one for them. And so the flatness of hand tools and the rise in diagnostics created that margin pressure that moved it down somewhat in this period. But we thought this is great. It's one of the reasons why we have 21.5%, one of the reasons why RS&I was up 50 basis points, you see, because of diagnostics sells well for them. So that's sort of the way.  The other thing, as I said before, I want to emphasize, boy, I think it's a good sign for the future that big ticket is strong. Now you might argue, okay, diagnostics had a special case because we launched the Zeus, and it's the best thing since [indiscernible] and everybody loves it. But the fact that tool storage is selling well really indicates an underlying confidence in the customer base, which speaks well for our situation.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then just last question. What's the relationship of sell-in versus sell-through of the event?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Look, we look at these things. They're about in the range where we like to see it, about sort of equal. So when you look back from sell-in to sell-out, we see that being about balance. Now it always goes up and down a little bit every quarter, but this is kind of in the range. I think this quarter, it's about equal. .
Operator: And our next question will come from David McGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Nick, you're continuing to expand the lexicon of the contemporary CEO. Boom shakalaka, that's... .
Nicholas Pinchuk: Gee, [indiscernible] special.
David MacGregor: Listen, let me ask you about your balance sheet. Your working capital investment continues to grow. I can appreciate you've got more inventory in transit and safety stock. But can you talk about your plans to harvest that cash? And is the inventory accumulation concentrated within specific lines of business or specific products? And how much of that's tool segment versus the other 2 segments?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I'm -- I like our inventory because we have a lot of faith in the future, but I'll let -- Aldo has got to answer a question. I'll let him say something here. Aldo, why don't you say something?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, David, if you're looking year-over-year, yes, the Tools Group makes a major portion of it, but it's not all of it. But actually, the Tools Group has their inventories kind of reflective of the fact that they've had very consistent organic growth. And therefore, I think it's suitable. If you look at some of the other areas where we're investing, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it's not insignificant the amount of money that's tied up in in-transit inventory and safety stocks. Again, Snap-on has made a strategic decision to err on the side of availability. So that is priority #1. So a long answer to your question, we think the inventory is appropriate given the opportunities we see in front of us and the fact that we don't want to miss on the opportunities that present themselves as we go forward and not have disruption from the supply chain.  Now again, Snap-on is blessed, for lack of a better word, with we're not a typical consumer retail-oriented company, and therefore, we're not subject to the fashion sense, I like to say, many other companies have to be concerned about. So our product doesn't really obsolesce on the shelf, so to speak. I mean, yes, you have to update the algorithms in a diagnostic unit or an alignment machine, but pretty much we feel pretty confident that making an investment in inventory is going to pay off and being able to capture sales in projects or programs that manifest themselves as we go forward.
David MacGregor: I can appreciate that you need that inventory to support the sales activity, but it continues to grow. And I guess the question is, at some point, do you have enough? And at what point if any, is there an opportunity to harvest that cash? Or is this kind of a structural step-up?
Aldo Pagliari: There's probably opportunities to harvest that, David, you're absolutely right, but I wouldn't model it that way. In other words, I just told you what our strategic decision is. And trust me, you have even more inventory. You will never have exactly the right thing at the right time. So you have to be prepared to have a flexible factory and a flexible distribution center because of 80,000 different SKUs, impossible to forecast what the accuracy you would like. And then you multiply the statistical probability of having them when you have to put arrays of SKUs that could have 100 to 200 pieces together, and you can see what drives the need for a lot of products. And then on top of it, you have spare part requirements sometimes imposed by regulations. So if you're going to sell machines that have a life of 10-plus years such as lifts and linear machines, tire changes, wheel balances, there's obligations behind the scenes to keep ample supplies of spare parts on hand. So you put that all together, and again, we will err in favor of availability. There could be opportunities to harvest. In just saying that we don't model ourselves cash flow growth from reduction in inventories, even though that certainly is theoretically possible.
David MacGregor: Good. Let me ask you about growth, and you mentioned the improving supply channels. How much of the growth in each segment would you estimate is driven by shipping from backlog orders rather than new orders?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, look, certainly isn't much say in the critical industries. So our backlog just keeps growing there. That's because they keep being bedeviled by the supply chain disruption. That's sort of the thing I was saying. Our backlog is really strong there. And I don't think much is in the Tools Group. Our backlog in tool storage at all-time high, and we're actually expanding 2 of the plants in the Tools Group this year to try to keep up with this whole situation. You can look at different places like you'd be entitled to the idea that, geez, I think Europe is a little bit under the weather. So you see that kind of thing there, but the U.S. seems to be booming to me. So I don't know. You can -- it seems to me as though I think you can look at it that way. U.S. is pretty strong. And we're trying to -- look, we have real confidence in the future. That's why we're expanding our capabilities here. If I could expand the more tool storage, I would tomorrow. I told you -- I think I said before, the guy said he could -- one of the guys -- one of the top sales guys said he could sell everything I could give him. So I think we're sitting on some pretty good strength in that situation. So I think you called it book-to-bill last time. I think that's pretty healthy in the U.S., a little more turbulence in Europe.
David MacGregor: Last question. Okay. Yes. Nick, last question for me. Just the 10-Q is not out yet, so, Aldo, maybe if you could just give us the finance receivable charge-offs. And then just how were overwrites this quarter?
Aldo Pagliari: Overrides are not as dynamic as what they've been in the past. Again, that decision is made with the franchisee. They've been a little bit more conservative compared to the 2016 to 2019 window. We still think personally that it's a good bet because we have a lot of metrics behind in process that kind of gives a higher sense of collectibility on things like that as compared to other companies that might be more upstart, so to speak, when it comes to lending to the credit profile of mechanics. But to directly answer your question, our returns are not as high as what they've been in the pre-pandemic world. And the charge-offs, I think I made a remark in my prepared remarks. The charge-offs, if you look at the provisions, they're actually narrower. I think we're about 4-point, what was it, $4.4 million difference in the rate of provision. The differential between charge-offs is actually less than that. What drove the provision up a little higher is actually with the significant increase in originations. We, from experience, have to book extra reserve provisions because of that because while everything starts out well, you know there's going to be a need for some reserves. So the fact that you high originations in the quarter actually drives a higher provision as well. So probably the increase year-over-year is about $1.1 million or so of higher provisions just associated with higher originations. .
David MacGregor: Right. You provisioned pretty aggressively back in 2020, which was to your credit, but you've been working that down with charge-offs exceeding provisions for 8 of the 9 last quarters. So kind of getting back now to prepandemic level.
Aldo Pagliari: No, no, that's what makes the comparison tougher now, David. Exactly right. Probably by the end of Q1 of 2022, the reserve was probably reduced because of the -- we finally realized we didn't need as much as what we had provided for in 2020, 2021. And that's why I like to use the expression, we're returning to a more normalized rate of provision, and that's what you kind of see now.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. .
Unidentified Analyst: This is Patrick Buckley on for Bret Jordan. In the C&I business, are there any other areas internationally to highlight? You've spoken about a bit here with the European hand tools. But is the weaker economic environment, the main drag there? Or is something else driving that?
Nicholas Pinchuk: It's the weaker economics. The U.K. has got a whole bunch of problems, the revolving door prime ministers and so on and that kind of thing. And it tends to be more organized around the Northern parts of that business. I think driven in the fourth quarter pretty much by a lot of banks that was in Europe in the fourth quarter over the fuel situation, and that weighed heavily on the people. And I think the whole idea that the recession is coming, the recession is coming there has kind of hit them. You got China who is like -- it's chaos in China. I mean, those guys went from being 6 weeks in their apartments to all of a sudden, let everything go, come to work with COVID. And 3/4 Quite population, some people say, got COVID. So I think things kind of went stand still because of the lockdowns in various cities and standstill because everybody is getting it. So that thing has been afflicted. So I'm not sure how quickly it comes back. So you have that. The other international markets like other parts of Asia, like Southeast Asia seen pretty good in that situation. So I think it's just COVID in Asia, particularly China, and the general sort of combination of recession is coming, fuel angst in England, reemergence of now we're out of COVID, the Brexit problems reemerge and the whole idea of the war is there kind of cast a pall over Europe. Although lately, I just heard some data that said that GDP is going to grow in Europe higher than other places, I don't know. I'm from Missouri on that one. I think Europe is a little weaker than maybe has been reflected in that. . That's what -- and then one other thing you do see is that we have -- I think I said this before, we have a strong demand in the critical industries. If we could source a little better, if we didn't have the varying disruptions of what's in supply, we could -- we would have been much stronger in this quarter and in past quarters. So one of the things that drives both the maybe some of the -- cast an overhang on the sales and put some -- hang on the margins because of you have to pay for the spot buys and it will always come in. And that's really in the critical industries where if you don't realize, there is our custom kits with maybe 200 or 300 items in them, and they must be shipped complete. So if you don't have 1 or 2 of them, we can't ship.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe could you talk a bit more on the subscription side of the RSI business? How sizable is that today? And how does the growth outlook there compared to [indiscernible]?
Nicholas Pinchuk: The growth outlook is pretty good. the subscriptions are going up. I mean, they're going up through the roof. But the thing is, remember that you probably -- you may or may not realize this, but that the other -- the former version, and still we do some of this is, we would sell what we call not subscriptions, but titles. So every 6 months, we come out with a new software addition, and technicians could buy it for their diagnostic unit or not. And we're transitioning from that sort of every 6 months or every year pop to, okay, pay me every month. And so there's some balance in that. But software is growing in the situation, and we can see we can see some positivity in that regard. And so that's one of the things that is starting to help out software in the -- help out the RS&I margins. In fact, I think we want to make sure we focus more on that going forward. So I think that's one of our great opportunities. We see a lot of opportunity in things like dealership software and independent repair shop software. And the Mitchell 1 business, which we didn't mention in this, is still growing like clockwork. It's growing nicely and its profitability is strong. It's just not up in the double-digit range, but the subscription business is growing nicely.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ivan Feinseth with Tigress Financial Partners.
Ivan Feinseth: Congratulations again on another great year and a great quarter.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thank you.
Ivan Feinseth: So just 2 questions. One, as far as new product development, where do you see going with -- as car onboard ADAS systems continue to grow of increasing diagnostic and calibration capabilities inside, let's say, Apollo and Zeus. And then also the CEO of General Motors has said many times she envisions $50 billion in revenue coming from software and subscriptions, especially as cars become increasingly -- have increasing software-defined functionality. And though the dealerships will have to kind of become an increasing part of that equation. So how do you see that benefiting dealer...
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, that's going to -- well, I think it benefits us greatly because look, if you want to -- sort of like it isn't a $50 billion example, but we do have examples associated with just what you said, ADAS, the advanced driver assistance systems, and the calibrations associated with that. That's behind -- that's sold enabled both through our diagnostics, like you said, like Zeus and Apollo in those, and it's enabled through our undercar equipment business. And those are the 2 businesses that taste the RS&I group, they were both up nice double digits. And really the software and the physicals associated with calibration have been helping drive the situation in undercar equipment and the input around ADAS systems in Mitchell 1 and in the diagnostic systems has helped drive their attractiveness.  And as more of that goes in, those products are going to get more and more essential to the technician. You see, what you're saying, I think another way to talk about this, Ivan, is this, is that right now, let's say, if you look at the total car park, like maybe 45% of the repairs require a diagnostic unit. But if you look at new units, it's like 80%. And as software starts to rise, more and more of the places where we have leadership in terms of repair information and in the software that's going to wheel that information and the calibration will be important for us. And that's all making money for us now. And the wider it gets, the more we're going to have in that situation.  So we're developing products along that line. One of the things that you don't even think about is in collision. I think you know this very well. But the thing is right now, new cars are like a neural network of sensors. And if they get dinged, you get your bumper dinged. It's a major operation to recalibrate it and reset the sensors and so on. And that's making -- that's driving a lot of the underneath car -- the undercar activity in RS&I. So we're already seeing that. And so we're focusing on that stuff as well. A big portion of our business now -- or development now is associated with software. And you're going to see that we're going to focus on it more and more as we go forward. .
Ivan Feinseth: I believe software sales is going to be an increasing opportunity for you, so I'm excited for it.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. We're going to make sure we get big focus on it. But I think we already have a pretty good position in it. We just see as it develops, these are going to create opportunities that are going to lay out there in front of you. .
Ivan Feinseth: Congratulations again.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks a lot. Take care. .
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Sara Verbsky for any closing remarks. .
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated Third Quarter 2022 Results Conference Call. My name is Caroline, and I will be your coordinator for today's event. Please note, this call is being recorded. For the duration of the call, your lines will be on listen-only mode. However, you will have an opportunity to ask for questions at the end of the call. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand over the call to your host, Sara Verbsky, to begin the conference. Thank you.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Caroline, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's third quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or that otherwise discuss management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I’d now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I’ll start the call by covering the highlights of the third quarter. I’ll give you an update on the environment and the trends we see. I'll take you through some of the turbulence we've encountered, thinking about our performance. Aldo will provide a more detailed [Technical Difficulty] The story of the Snap-on -- apparently we have some cross talk we’re hearing here. But the story of the Snap-on quarter is momentum overcoming challenges. Momentum rooted in the resilience of our market, the capability of our great team and the tactical and strategic advantage in our product, our brand and our models, all coming together to create considerable and ongoing strength. In effect, the third quarter once again demonstrated our ability to continue a trajectory of positive results despite the headwinds, and the numbers, they say it so. Our reported sales in the quarter of $1.125 billion were up $64.8 million or 6.2% versus last year, including $39.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency. Organic sales grew 10.4%, with gains in every group, our ninth straight quarter of year-over-year expansion. And if you compare it to the pre-pandemic levels of 2029 -- 2019, you see a clear and unmistakable upward drive, versus 2019 sales we're up 3% as reported and 2.8% organically, continuing our positive trend and accelerating our expansion, demonstrating that we're only getting stronger every day. I did say momentum. Quarter also bears the mark of Snap-on value creation processes, safety, a lot of the customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement or RCI. Once again, they all combine to offer significant progress. And progress to what, Opco operating income of $223.5 million increased $22.2 million from last year, and the Opco operating margin was 20.3%, up 90 basis points from last year and rising 170 basis points over 2019. For financial services, operating income of $66.4 million compared to the $70.6 million of last year, a decrease reflecting the forecasted return to more usual provision levels. And that result, combined with Opco for a consolidated margin of 24.4%, up 20 basis points from last year and 120 basis point improvement from 2019. The quarterly EPS, it was $4.14, rising 16% over the $3.57 from a year ago and 39.9% over the $2.96 days recorded in 2019, a significant gain. I said it before, and I'll say it again. We believe Snap-on is stronger now than when we entered this great withering, and the third quarter results are an unmistakable confirmation of that fact. Well, those are the numbers. Now let's speak about the markets. Auto repair continues to remain strong. The key metrics are all favorable, spending on vehicle maintenance repair, the vehicle technician and technician wage is up, up and up again. And so wonder, it's no wonder the repair industry is resilient. Repair spending is rising. The cars are more complex. They need more repairs, and it costs more. The technician count is at its highest point in three decades, and shop owners keep telling me they need more, many more. Wages continue to grow, and they simply reflect the increased demand for the skills that are now necessary to complete critical repair tasks. It's never been more evident that repairing a modern vehicle with the new technology is difficult. It's an exercise of extraordinary skill. And the salaries are rising to show it. Auto repair is resilient. When I meet up with the people at the shop, as I often do, our franchisees and our technician customers, you can feel their exception in the now and their confidence in the future. And they're making sure they can participate in that future by being ready with the tools they need. Vehicle repair, it's a space filled with opportunity. You can hear it in the optimism in the voices of the shop, and you can see it clearly confirmed in Snap-on's performance. But it's not just the text, shop owners are also a big -- shop owners and managers are also big players in the horizon repair. And our Repair Systems and Information group are RS&I is positioned to take advantage. Everybody knows that cars are scarce. New and used. But for Snap-on, that doesn't matter. Repair and collision shops are busy. It's a tool we like very much. And it's evident in the rising sales of our undercar equipment and collision businesses, both strong. You have a repair shop today, you see a bright future with changing technologies, and you want to be ready, new vehicles are being released with a greater variety of drivetrains than ever from internal combustion engines to hybrid to plug-in electric to full electric. And the range of options is growing: more driver assist, more vehicle automation, increasing vehicle complexity, and we're ready to help the repair shops keep pace with powerful products like a range of fast track intelligence diagnostics, the Zeus, the Triton, the Apollo Handheld, enabling repair at all levels, like our celebrated Mitchell 1 ProDemand repair information, our award-winning Tru-Point advanced driver assistant calibration system and our 3D alignment systems like the new Hofmann Geoliner, all representing new technologies, and all wheeled big databases deployed to make work easier in the shop. Vehicle repair looks more promising than ever and Snap-On's position to capitalize. Now let's talk about the critical industries where the Snap-On rolls -- the Snap-On brand rolls out of the garage solving tasks of consequence. This is where commercial industrial C&I operates with our broadest region into international markets, and with the locations impacted the most by the challenges of the day. I mean C&I is headwind headquarters, supply chain disruption rising -- rises in commodity costs, uncertain fuel supply, currency fluctuations, continuing COVID lockdowns, troubled economies and war in Ukraine, well, C&I had it all. But it rolls to the occasion. And in the quarter, the group took some lumps in Europe, but over came with strong gains in North America and in Asia, despite the difficulties. And while the military sector is still down, C&I's critical industries -- the other C&I critical industries are all showing life. So I describe our C&I markets as challenged in certain geographies but demonstrating continuing gains and having strong and ongoing possibilities going forward. And coupled with our auto repair related businesses, we believe there is clear and compelling opportunity along our runways for growth, enhancing the band network, expanding with repair shop owners and managers, extending the critical industries and building in emerging markets. And in this quarter, we've seen that potential pay off nicely. At the same time, it's clear that we have ongoing possibilities on our runways for improvement. The Snap-On Value Creation processes. They've never been more important, helping to counter the turbulence of the day. Especially important is with customer connection, understanding the work of professional technicians and innovation, matching that insight with technology, driving new products. And just this quarter, Snap-On was prominently recognized with five PTEN, Professional Tool & Equipment News innovation awards. And we were also honored with two MOTOR Magazine Top Tool awards. An essential driver of our growth is innovative products that make work easier, and the awards, hard one. Our testimony that great Snap-On products just keep coming, matching the growing complexity of the task becoming more essential to technicians and driving our positive results. Now let's turn to the segments. In the C&I group. Sales in the quarter of $356.8 million were up 1.5% or $5.4 million as reported versus 2021, including a $26.2 million or 7.9% organic uplift, operating progress across all divisions, which was offset partially by $20.8 million in unfavorable foreign currency. From an earnings perspective, C&I operating income of $52.3 million, including $2.1 million of unfavorable currency represents a decrease of $1.3 million compared to 2021. The effects of volume gains were more than offset by the substantial impact of currency and by supply chain inefficiencies. The OI margin was 14.7%, down from last year, but still representing the highest level since the rise of the significant supply turbulence. Compared with the pre-pandemic level, sales were up 7.7% organically, and the OI margin of 14.7% was up 30 basis points despite a 60 basis point negative impact of acquisitions, and unfavorable currency. Now we remain committed to extending in critical industries, the C&I sweet spot, and we'll keep strengthening our position to capture those opportunities as they arise and enabling that intent is our expanding C&I lineup of innovative products, designed specifically to make critical work easy. One example is our brushless CT9015 18-volt drill. It's newest member of our Monster, the lithium family aimed at industrial manufacturing and repair professionals, enabling work with the toughest materials, 470-inch pounds of torque, enough to handle even hardened alloys, 2,000 RPMs, speed to get the job done quickly. And with heavy duty – with the heavy-duty gearing and the enhanced cooling, this tool is rugged, durable, even in extreme use. The 9015 also offers an 18-speed clutch, a variable speed trigger, a two-speed gearbox, all for precise control, a feature that's essential for serious drilling, for professional drilling. And the 18-volt battery with 5 watt-hour ensures consistent output and extended run time in effect, less charging for a more efficient workday. Tools also fitted with a 100 lumen head light, helping technician work – helping technicians work in dark environments just what's needed for those coal sub jobs. The CT9015 has got power, speed, precision and durability. It's a great tool and a text know it. They've already made the new drill one of our $1 million hit products. So that's C&I., continued progress against the turbulence. Now on to the Tools Group. The team just keeps driving upward, leaving the pre-pandemic levels behind by a wider distance every quarter. Sales of $496.6 million were up $25.2 million or 5.3% over 2021. Organic growth of $34.1 million, or 7.4%, partially offset by $8.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency. The operating margin was 20.6%, down slightly, 20 basis points, but overcoming a 40 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency. Compared with pre-virus 2019, sales were $111.4 million or 28.9%, including a $113 million or 29.5% organic gain, and this quarter's 20.6% operating margin was up 680 basis points versus 2019, coming out of the pandemic stronger indeed. The Tools Group is responding to the challenges of the day, increasing its product advantage, fortifying its brands, further enabling the franchisees, guiding them to more selling capacity, and it's all working. You can witness it in any time you meet the franchisees. One big opportunity for that is our annual Snap-on Franchisee Conference, or SFC, held this year at the Gaylord Texan Hotel in Dallas. The theme was breaking barriers. It's a reminder of our record franchisee performance driving ever upward over the last nine quarters, and it's a recognition of the clear opportunity to reach even greater heights going forward, almost – yes, almost 8,000 individuals attended. And I can tell you, they were pumped, excited by the products more than three football fields of our latest offerings were on display, all available for viewing, handling and ordering in order they did, setting new records that we can also offer a variety of training seminars, where franchisees were able to sharpen and expand their skills to selling the full range of our complex and broad product line. It's an important movement. We say we're working to expand the selling capacities are advance, the SFC is a big part of that effort, and Dallas was another great step forward to that end. You can bet. You can bet on it. Our entire team departed this year's get together and Dallas educated, energized and eager to extend the Snap-on difference, reaching new individual and collective levels of success throughout the base to come. They left excited and strong. The Dallas SFC will lead to breaking barriers. The franchisees' enthusiasm for their businesses and their confidence in their future will make it so. During the SFC, the Tools Group presented the newest addition to the Snap-on ratchet lineup, our FLLF80, a three-inch drive extra-long locking flex-head ratchet. This new innovation provides easy access to superior turning power. Our patented duality technology makes it stronger. And the 20-inch length, the longest in the category, provides even greater -- provides great ability to reach deeper in a crowded spaces, extending reach and increasing leverages. It's a great addition to any toolbox. And as an added bonus, the new patent-pending, self-cleaning feature vanishes dirt and grind ensuring that the flex-head locks firmly in place at even -- at any angle even under high-stress applications. The X80 is a special offering, access, leverage and stability in one rachet. The initial launch exceeded $1 million is to hit product and sales. And volume continues to move forward upward on a steep trajectory beyond product. We spend time working to expand the franchisee selling capacity, harnessing social media, improving product training, RCI and the van operations. It's been effective. So capacity is clearly on the rise. And you can see it in the results. The Tools Group is on a very positive trend, ascending and leaving pre-pandemic levels well behind. And as we said in the SFC, it's breaking new barriers right now, and we believe it will all continue. Now on to RS&I. Sales were sales of $414 million, were up $14.9 [ph] million or 13.6%, including $60.8 million or 17.2% organic uplift. Growth was weighted toward undercar equipment and sales for the OEM dealerships, but our information and diagnostics businesses were also players in the year-over-year improvement. RCI, RS&I operating earnings were $95.4 million, representing a $12.1 million increase versus 2021, and the operating margin was up 10 basis points from last year to 23%. Compared with 2019, sales grew $91.3 million or $0.82, including an $86 million or 27.2% organic gain. Operating margin was down 20 [ph] basis points versus 2019, primarily reflecting the business mix and the acquisitions. But at 23%, it was still strong. We see significant potential in our size runways for growth, expanding Snap-on's presence in garage with coherent acquisitions and with a broad array of powerful products, and the industry experts feel the same. In fact, our TRITON D10, Fast Track intelligence diagnostic units was just selected for amazing top two award and rightly so. The trend is ideal deal for shop owners and for general technicians, it provides a comprehensive system verification to identify troubled areas, and to diagnostic testing to pinpoint repair actions and a powerful lab scope to confirm component level functionality, all in one package. The D10 advanced scoping -- the D10's advanced scoping capability helps users dig deep into the vehicle systems and evaluate performance with the comparative data, and it's Fast Track intelligent diagnostics, greatly shortcut the work and streamlines the repair processes, making shops more productive, more profitable. Unit also offers a rugged hardware explicitly designed for -- you expect this from Snap-on. The unit also offers rugged hardware explicitly designed for shop environments -- tough shop environment, a super-fast, two-second boot-up, and a 10-inch touchscreen. It all comes together for unprecedented reliability and speed and ease of use. It's a -- I'm telling you, the technicians will tell you, it's a [indiscernible] product. And with the selection of the TRITON motor magazine -- and with the selection of the TRITON, motor magazines, now recognized Snap-on diagnostic units in 22 of the last 23 years. 22 of the last 23 years, we believe it's more testimony that RS&I is stronger than ever in shops and dealerships. Well, that's the highlights for our quarter. Tools Group, strong progress. C&I recording a positive performance and an upward trajectory against the variations across industries and geographies. And RS&I, expanding profitable volume with repair shop owners and managers, staff on overall sales rising again, 10.4% and 22.8% organically versus last year and the pre-pandemic level, respectively, continuing clear and positive growth. OpCo operating margins, a robust 20.3% rising again this quarter, up 90 basis points. EPS, $4.14 up versus last year and accelerated well beyond pre-pandemic levels. It was another encouraging quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Al. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on slide six. Net sales of $1.125 billion in the quarter increased 6.2% from 2021 levels, reflecting the 10.4% organic sales gain, partially offset by $39.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales gain this quarter reflects high single-digit growth in both the Snap-on Tools Group and the Commercial Industrial Group and double-digit gains in the repair systems and information group. This growth compares to the 8.4% year-over-year organic increase recorded last quarter. From a geographic perspective, continued sales strength in the United States and several emerging markets more than offset weaker demand in Europe. Consolidated gross margin of 48.3% declined 190 basis points from 50.2% last year. Higher material and other costs were partially offset by contributions from the increased sales volumes and pricing actions as well as benefits from the company's RCI initiatives, and 30 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects. Again, this quarter, we believe the corporation through pricing, and RCI actions continue to navigate effectively the cost and other supply chain dynamics of the current environment. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales of 28%, improved 280 basis points from 30.8% last year. The improvement is primarily due to sales volume leverage and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating earnings from -- before financial services of $223.5 million in the quarter compared to $201.3 million in 2021. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 20.3% improved 90 basis points from last year. Financial services revenue of $87.3 million in the third quarter of 2022 was unchanged from last year. Operating earnings of $66.4 million decreased $4.2 million from 2021 levels, primarily as a result of higher provisions for credit losses than those recorded last year. Consolidated operating earnings of $289.9 million compared to $271.9 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 24.4%, compared to 24.2% in 2021. Our third quarter effective income tax rate of 21.6%, compared to 23.7% last year. The lower rate in the quarter was primarily due to tax benefits realized from the favorable settlements of income tax audits. Net earnings of $223.9 million or $4.14 per diluted share increased $27.7 million or $0.57 per share from last year's levels, representing a 16% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with C&I group on Slide 7. Sales of $356.8 million increased from $351.4 million last year, reflecting a $26.2 million or 7.9% organic sales gain, partially offset by $20.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic growth primarily reflects double-digit gains in the segment to Asia Pacific operations and specialty torque business as well as a low single-digit increase in sales to customers in critical industries. Lower activity with the military was more than offset by gains in aviation, mining, power generation as well as in oil and gas. Gross margin of 36.9% declined 130 basis points from 38.2% in the third quarter of 2021. This is primarily due to increased material and other input costs, partially offset by benefits from the higher sales volumes and pricing actions and 20 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 22.2% in the quarter improved 70 basis points from 22.9% in 2021, primarily due to the effects of sales volume leverage. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $52.3 million, compared to $53.6 million last year, the operating margin of 14.7%, compared to 15.3% a year ago. Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $496.6 million increased 5.3% from $471.4 million in 2021, reflecting a 7.4% organic sales gain, partially offset by $8.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales growth reflects a high single-digit gain in our US business, which was partially offset by a low single-digit decrease in our international operations, the latter largely reflecting weakness in the United Kingdom. Gross margin of 44.9% in the quarter declined 90 basis points from 45.8% last year. The year-over-year decrease is primarily due to higher material and other costs, and 40 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, partially offset by benefits from increased sales volumes and the pricing actions. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 24.3% improved 70 basis points from 25% last year, reflecting the benefits from higher sales volumes and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $102.2 million compared to $98.2 million last year. The operating margin of 20.6% compared to 20.8% in 2021 and to 13.8% in the pre-pandemic third quarter of 2019. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on slide nine. Sales of $414 million compared to $364.4 million a year ago, reflecting a 17.2% organic sales gain, partially offset by $11.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic gain is comprised of double-digit increases in activity with OEM dealerships, and in sales of undercar and collision repair equipment, and a low single-digit gain sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent shop owners and managers. Gross margin of 42.9% declined 390 basis points from 46.8% last year. This is primarily due to higher material and other input costs and increased sales and lower gross margin businesses. These declines were partially offset by benefits from pricing actions and savings from RCI initiatives as well as 40 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 19.9% improved 400 basis points from 23.9% last year, primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage, higher activity and lower expense businesses and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $95.4 million compared to $83.3 million last year. The operating margin of 23% improved 10 basis points from 22.9% reported a year ago. Now turning to slide 10. Revenue from financial services of $87.3 million, including $1 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation was unchanged from last year. Financial services operating earnings of $66.4 million, including $800,000 of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $70.6 million in 2021. Financial services expenses of $20.9 million were up $4.2 million from 2021 levels, mostly due to $3.7 million of increased provisions for credit losses. While provisions have increased versus the historically lower provision rate experienced last year, we believe that loan portfolio trends remain stable. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 0.9% and 0.8% in the third quarter of 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the third quarters of 2022 and 2021, respective average yields on finance receivables were 17.7% and 17.8%. In the third quarters of 2022 and 2021, the average yields on contract receivables were 8.6% and 8.5%, respectively. The blended yield for the portfolio was 15.8% in the third quarter of 2022, which is the same as last year. Total loan originations of $300.2 million in the third quarter increased to $30.9 million or 11.5% from 2021 levels, reflecting a 12.5% increase in originations of finance receivables and an 8% increase in originations of contract receivables. Moving to slide 11. Our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.2 billion of gross financing receivables, including $2 billion from our US operation. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.5% for the United States extended credit compared to 1.4% in 2021 and 1.7% in the pre-pandemic period of 2019. On a sequential basis, the rate is up 10 basis points, reflecting the seasonal trend we typically experience between the second and third quarters. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, trailing 12-month net losses of $42.2 million represented 2.41% of outstandings at quarter end, and were down 7 basis points as compared to the same period last year. Now turning to slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $129.9 million in the quarter, compared to $186.4 million last year. The decrease from the third quarter of 2021 primarily reflects a $63.5 million increase in working investment. The change in working investment dollars is largely driven by greater demand, resulting in increased receivables and higher levels of inventory this year. In addition to demand-based requirements, the inventory increase also reflects higher in-transit inventory amounts as well as incremental buffer stocks associated with the supply chain dynamics in the current macro environment. Net cash used by investing activities of $57.9 million included net additions to finance receivables of $38.2 million and capital expenditures of $20 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $120.7 million included cash dividends of $75.7 million and the repurchase of 228,000 shares of common stock for $50.2 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of quarter end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $396 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $56.7 million from 2021 year-end. Days sales outstanding of 60 days compared to 58 days at 2021 year-end. Inventories increased $151.3 million from 2021 year-end. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.6 compared to 2.8 at year-end 2021 and 2.6 as of the pre-pandemic third quarter of 2019. Our quarter end cash position of $759.3 million compared to $380 million at year-end 2021. Our net debt-to-capital ratio of 9.3% compared to 9.1% at year-end 2021. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million available under our credit facilities. As of quarter end, there were no outstanding amounts under the credit facility, and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for the remainder of 2022. We anticipate that capital expenditures will be in the range of $90 million to $100 million. In addition, we currently anticipate, absent any changes to US tax legislation, that our full year 2022 effective income tax rate will be in the range of 23% to 24%. I'll turn the call back over to Nick now for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, it was quite a quarter. A staggering number of media pieces have exhaustively documented the modern-day hydro turbulence that marks this period. So we all know the challenges are many, and they're substantial. But despite the headwinds, Snap-on stayed on the train, and that momentum shines through in the quarter across all our groups, all of them. C&I, growing 7.9% organically, extending its position in the critical with robust gains in North America and Asia Pacific, overcoming the variations in Europe, registering an OI margin of 14.7%, the strongest since the supply chain disruptions began in earnest, demonstrating continuing progress. The Tools Group. We believe the franchise network is stronger and more capable than ever. Sales up 7.4% organically. OI margins 20.6%, down 20 points, but against 40 basis points of unfavorable currency and representing a rise of 680 basis points above 2019. RS&I aggressively expanding with repair shop owners and managers, growing organically 17.2% over last year and 27.2% over the pre-virus era. And the OI margin was a strong 23%, and it all ends up to ongoing and ongoing upward trend for the corporation. Activity rising 10.4% organically versus last year and up 22.8%, compared with 2019. OI margin for the corporation was 20.2%, up 90 basis points from last year and 170 basis points above the pre-pandemic level. And one final testimony you know, straight. The EPS was $4.14, a significant gain of 16% versus 2021 and 39.9% over 2019. It was an encouraging quarter, and we are convinced it's an extremely promising future. You see, we believe that the resilience of our markets, co-authored by critical tasks and changing technologies will drive opportunity against the win. We believe that our strength in customer connection and innovative products and in the special power of our brand, will position Snap-on to fully participate in those possibilities. We believe that the considerable capability of our experienced team can navigate to any turbulence, and we believe that these are unique advantages that will maintain our substantial momentum, breaking barrier after barrier, reaching new highs through the remainder of this year on into 2023 and well beyond. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly to our franchisees and associates. As always, I know many of you are listening in. The encouraging performance, we detailed here today, was made possible only by your individual and your efforts and your collective actions for your extraordinary success in authoring another strong Snap-on quarter, you have my congratulations. For the unique skills and capabilities you're display and overcoming the challenges of these days, you have my aberration, and for your unwavering confidence in our future and your continuing commitment to our team, you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Sara Verbsky: Caroline, can we take our first question?
Operator: Yes. Sure. So we will take the first question from line of Gary from Barrington. The line is open now. Please go ahead.
Gary Prestopino: Hi, good morning, everyone. Hey, a couple of things here. Could you, first of all, quantify how much currency impacted EPS this quarter?
Aldo Pagliari: It was $0.09, Gary.
Nick Pinchuk: $0.09. $0.09.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you. And then Nick, you mentioned that there was some pretty good robust order flow out of the conference that you had this year. Can you maybe give us a quantifiable range of what that was year-over-year? And then where was there really particular interest in the part of the franchisees and specific Tool Groups? Was it storage, diagnostic, just general households, whatever.
Nick Pinchuk: I'll tell you that I had heard like somebody mentioned double-digits versus last year. But look, I want to quickly say, these are orders. They're not sales, people order. And so we had a pretty robust number. And I don't like to say the real amount here, the exact number, it was pretty good. It's dangerous to extrapolate because they are orders. But orders of that level are better than the point eye with a sharp stick, I'll tell you that. So, we feel pretty good about this. Where it was ordered, I think tool storage was terrific in this quarter. Hand tools were very strong. And the big packs did pretty well. Big packs are kind of a comprehensive thing that people order. So, we saw in those categories. I think everything did pretty well, but the big ticket items were kind of good in this particular quarter. -- SFC as they were in the quarter, big ticket items were strong enough.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then you're kind of breaking up there, but I think--
Nick Pinchuk: I'll say it again. Big orders. They were big order, something like double-digit, they are order. And secondly, generally, I think if you ask me to make a couple -- I think the big ticket items were pretty strong for us. And -- but generally, we have these things, Gary, called big packs where franchisees order comprehensive arrays of tools, hand tools and so on and so they were also pretty strong. So, hand tools are pretty good.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then just one last one, if I may. In terms of diagnostics, your diagnostic tools at this point, fairly drive train agnostic, or do you actually have a specialized diagnostic product that is just systemic to electric vehicles.
Nick Pinchuk: No, no, no. We would probably not do that. We would probably have -- we would put them in -- we would put all types of drivetrains in one tool. We wouldn't necessarily have one because you do it now. You have hybrids and you have -- you'd have -- you have anything in the product. The beauty of the diagnostic unit is you can repair anything. So, part of the idea is you plug it in, no matter what the car is, the model, the make, the type of thing. And so you try to have that in terms of comprehension around, in that situation. And we have the best -- we are the best, certainly in terms of comprehensive data. Coverage is--
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, sure.
Gary Prestopino: Thank you so much.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We will take the next question from line of Bret Jordan from Jefferies. The line is open now, please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hey good morning guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: Nick, you talked about RCI opportunities at the van level, I think, in the prepared remarks. Could you talk about maybe in greater detail what you're doing there?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, there's a couple of things. I mean one of the things we're getting better at applying social media. So, the idea behind social media, it's a big RCI opportunity because of the better we can pre-brief the customers. So, when we enter the shops, the customer kind of knows the product, he knows the -- and we have a lot of promotions. So, he knows the promotion. So, the franchisee can spend his limited time with that particular individual, customizing why those characteristics mean a lot to them, and he can use them. And so that is really one huge thing. It's one of the things that we're getting better at day-by-day, but it has driven some of our capabilities in those kinds of situations. There's other things in terms of collections, in terms of taking inventories on the vans in terms of adjusting the computer system. So, it's easier to use and quicker those kinds of things in ways in which they can status their orders, which is a big deal these days because you've got a lot of people clamoring for product, and they're looking for it. So those are the kinds of things.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then, Aldo, a quick question on the financial services. You've mentioned sort of higher provisions. Could you talk about maybe what you're seeing and a cadence of what you're seeing as far as the credit books, are the mechanics -- I mean, obviously, the wage growth has been great, but is there sort of broader pressure on the credit side.
Aldo Pagliari: Bret, good question. We actually saw exceptionally strong performance in 2020, 2021. You read about it from other people as well that people service their debt in a more aggressive fashion, bringing it down and people were more current than ever in servicing debt. So we had unusually low provisions in 2021 and in 2020, in the back half of 2020. What you see now is kind of a return to a more normal pace. And even in the quarter, based on comparing it to 2017, 2018, 2019, the rate of provision is still less than that era. So in the quarter, they're performing well. I mean, it's a very typical performance that we're seeing. And all the leading indicators still give rise to the fact that we think we'll do okay in the credit company.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Scott Stember from MKM Partners. The line is open now, please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Can you talk about sell-in to the channel, the van channel versus sell-out? Is it fair to assume that things are pretty much one for one, or was there any coming…
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. In each quarter, it varies from time to time, but this quarter was sort of right on, pretty much the same. Maybe even, yeah, I'd say, right on, maybe even a little better, but not -- for government work, you can say, sell-in and sell-out was about the same.
Scott Stember: All right. And then, RS&I, you talked about undercar equipment. Can you maybe give a little more granularity? Was that related to collision repair, or was that just everything?
Nick Pinchuk: Actually, everything is sell-in for undercar. It's one of the things that derive -- the collision repair is a star in this era. I think it's driven by the idea that collision, the cars now has that neural network of sensors. So every time -- if you just dent bumper, it's thousands of dollars of repair, because you've got to recalibrate everything and so on. So collision shops got to upgrade to take advantage of that to be actually be able to effectively, not only restore shape but put things back into operating performance. But also, the other businesses we're selling via the other products like lifts, just basic lifts, which you would think would be the most vanilla of products in the situation are selling quite well. So I think it's on collisions shops, as the situation, but also repair shops in general are seeing the future, and they are pumped about this. Like I said, I think even the dealerships are starting to get over the idea, they don't have cars to sell and are turning to repair.
Scott Stember: Got it. And just last question. Obviously, you guys have put up some stellar results the last couple of years, but the uncertainty for next year with a recession. Could you just give us an idea of what we should look out for a potential canary in the coal mine that we need to look at that will give us an early warning sign?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, first of all, I have to say, though, I think when you walk in the garage, you don't hear a recession. It's like when you watch the -- when you watch the programs like Score Box [ph] in the morning, every 10 words are recession -- every 10th word is for recession. You don't hear that in the factories of the -- among the people of work. You just don't hear it. They're really robust about this. But -- if you're talking about canary in the coal mine, if you looked at the last -- each one is different. But certainly, the last ordinary recession that wasn't open. You would see a reduction maybe in bigger ticket items perhaps, because of the confidence in the future. Generally, repair needs to go on. It's essentially doing it, but people might be packing to shorter payback items and longer payback items when they're a little more uncertain about the future. That happens in the financial recession. Now as it turns out in the quarter, our big ticket items were robust.
Scott Stember: Got it. That’s all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will take the next question from line of Luke Junk from Baird. The line is open now. Please go ahead.
Luke Junk: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. First, Nick, just curious to get your perspective on investment in posture of the company given the macro backdrop, thinking, especially with regards to maintaining the momentum that you've got in the Tools Group right now. And as we look outside the Tools Group as well, it's just some of the key considerations around investment if we do get into a choppier macro in RS&I and C&I as well?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, I don't think, and I now have been -- I've been through two big downturns; one, the financial recession, and two, the COVID, if you can call it. And I don't remember restricting our investment in the business. I do not remember that. If we wanted to do it, if we thought it was important for the future, if these was efficacious for our customers, we were able to do it. Because Snap-on, maybe you get a little -- you're off the bubble a little bit, but we've never really been restricted in a recession. And those are two big ones, two big wins. And so I don't anticipate doing that. I anticipate our ability to keep investing in the business. We might tighten our belt in terms of travel and things, other things people do. But if you're talking about investing in a business, we said last time, we kept going, we kept investing in product and brand and people. We didn't lay anybody off. And that's what we did. And that's why we came out of the reception stronger. So we do the same thing.
Luke Junk: Okay. Thanks for that. Really a question around margins and profitability going into next year. And the question is around recovering price cost, clearly, we can see the impacts of higher material prices and other costs in the quarter here in 3Q. And I'm just wondering, as we turn the page to next year, especially in C&I, where I know your ability to recover cost real time is limited just given the nature of the customers and the contracts, how you're positioning going into those conversations next year. And then also in the Tools Group, of course, just how much price elasticity do you think there is in that business today?
Nick Pinchuk: I think we certainly -- let me take the Tools Group first. I think there's -- and Tools Group, I said many times, we control the customer interface. We believe we can price for visible inflation. We were pretty satisfied, we were pretty encouraged by this quarter. Third quarter -- I've said this like in 15 third quarters that I've been on this call, it's always squarely. So the idea is -- I thought the Tools Group had a great -- a very encouraging third quarter, especially against the currency, and being up over 2019. If you come to C&I, yes, it's a little bit more viscous in terms of pricing. But if you look at C&I, I think we thought 7.9% up organically. It's pretty good. It's starting to break out of the problem and the 14.7% OI margin, while down year-over-year is the highest since we actually started getting this turbulence. So we see -- when we step back on it, we see C&I fighting against these turbulences, both geographically and sector-wise. But we see them winning the war and moving forward, and we would consider that to happen. If you look at cost overall, generally, there's a lot of variation in this, but steel cost -- for example, some steel costs are down now. So you're going to start seeing that versus last year. Others are down versus the peak, but not down versus last year. So you're going to see variation going forward, but it's got to be an easing of the situation, at least a more positive situation. The worry about C&I is the ability of getting things and getting them delivered when you have those hundred tool -- 100-unit complex kits to deliver, and you have to have them all in place before you send out the kit. And so that can be devil C&I. That's the major battle for them. But I feel pretty confident about the situation. I think things are getting better.
Luke Junk: Thanks to that. And then if I can sneak it in, just a quick question for Aldo, on the credit business. And what I'm hoping -- I already got a question on this, but I just want to ask it a little bit differently in terms of parsing out decrease in credit income, especially the provision-related impacts on a year-over-year basis. Can you just help us understand the moving pieces there between mechanical moving pieces as things normalize post COVID, and separately changes in your assumptions around underlying credit that's driving the change? Just trying to square that with what are clearly still very low delinquency rates. Thank you.
Aldo Pagliari: I would just say at the highest level -- look, I'd say a way to look back that. When the world broke into the era of COVID, there was a lot of trepidation as to what does that mean. And looking backwards, you probably have a period, including Snap-on, where we over reserved and the provisions were probably higher than that was necessary. And as a result of that, when you actually see the proof as it played out, that you didn't require those, you had been a need for lower provisions in 2021. And now you're starting to get back to what I call a more normal pace of activity. And if you look at the portfolio itself, it's got a little bit better credit characteristics. What I mean by that is maybe $1 of conservatism on the part of who we granted credit to, so it's less high-risk candidates in the pool. And people's FICA scores have improved marginally. So again, at a macro 30,000-foot level, there's probably a slightly less amount of credit risk in the portfolio. And therefore, as you go forward in these trends, I think it's kind of getting back to norm for lack of a better word, with that macro backdrop that Nick just described.
Luke Junk: Okay. Great. Thank you for that following-up.
Operator: Thank you. We will take the last question from David MacGregor. The line is open now. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Can you hear me, okay?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I can hear you.
David MacGregor: All right, wonderful. Hi, Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi. How are you doing?
David MacGregor: I guess -- I am doing well, thanks. I hope you are as well.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, we are doing okay.
David MacGregor: Good stuff. I wanted to just build on that last question. And a question with respect to the tools segment. And you reported 7.4% growth. And to the extent that you are sort of maintaining pace with inflation, that would suggest that the bulk of that was pricing, and volume might have been up kind of low single-digit kind of numbers. And so I guess...
Nick Pinchuk: That's not – but okay. Go ahead.
David MacGregor: But we'll start with that. Yes, go ahead. Go ahead.
Nick Pinchuk: No. I -- we don't think -- we think pricing ends up being around -- we do a list price, but the list prices don't all flow, and then we've got the -- it doesn't all hold. And then we've got the promotions, which go out and some of them are leaner and some of them are more rich. And so you have that. And then you've got new products that are rolling through the system and they get repriced. So when we look -- we all said and done, we would say that tools may be getting half of that in price or maybe a little bit less. That's the way we see it. It doesn't -- you can't really just look at the list price because it gets so complicated in looking at that. But our best guess is that it's around that number. So okay, you see -- okay. Yes, it's not 7.4% volume growth, but it's certainly not zero.
David MacGregor: Sure. No, I understand. So, if we assume maybe prices is maybe 300 basis points and you got 400 basis points --
Nick Pinchuk: Maybe.
David MacGregor: Yes, sounds like it. And then you got 400 basis points of volume growth. And it sounds like from what you said earlier in the call that inventory on the trucks was pretty stable, but it was pretty even growth between the wholesale and the retail I guess I'm just trying to reconcile the 11% originations growth, which suggests that big ticket was up very, very large. And the implication of that would be that maybe smaller ticket or hand tools was mathematically a negative number, but maybe I'm misunderstanding that.
Nick Pinchuk: David, yes, that's cool, but that's not true. The thing is that remember, you got pricing also rolling through those things year-over-year, the same way you did that calculation on the overall number, you got some of that. But tool storage was strong. But you've got other small ticket items. You've got power tools, you got, what we call shop-in tech, which is a myriad of other things that we might sell like lights and pressure gauges and things like that. And so you have a lot of things that go to that. But if you want to pinpoint on hand tools, I'll tell you hand tools is good in the quarter, up double-digits again. So, generally, the core products were okay. The things that are normal. That's what happened in that situation.
David MacGregor: Okay. Thanks for addressing that. Sorry, go ahead.
Nick Pinchuk: No. No, no. Go ahead. Go ahead. I'm trying to answer your question. Go ahead.
David MacGregor: Sure. I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of -- within your credit business, I don't think there's ever really many serious questions about the quality of credit in this portfolio. You guys have always done a fantastic job of managing that, and I expect that will be the case going forward. Could you foresee any circumstances whatsoever where you would consider lowering what you charge on extended credit from that 17%, 18% yield to something that's maybe a little more a little more accessible for service for all these...
Nick Pinchuk: We always think about these things, David. We review it all the time. But in reality, we've kind of held there, and it's worked for us for a long time. And so I think we are -- we think it's appropriate for the credit profile of the people we deal with. And so we haven't changed anything in that macro in a long time. So, when you look back and you look at the performance of the credit company, it really isn't marked by major changes in the core model. It's generally been the same. Now, it isn't that we don't review it or anything, but I don't think we're seeing ourselves do that right now anyway.
David MacGregor: Yes, good. Thanks for addressing my questions. Appreciate it.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. Okay.
End of Q&A:
Sara Verbsky: And that was our final question. Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-On. Good day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2022 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Mary, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on second quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on’s Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we will take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides to be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer, as well as on our website snapon.com under the Investor section. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or that otherwise discussed management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Any additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially, from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I’d now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I will start the call by covering the highlights of our second quarter. Along the way, I will give you my perspective on our results, once again they are encouraging. And our market, the robust, resilient and promising and I will talk about our progress. We believe we are now stronger than ever and we will also speak about what it all means and we believe it means that we are better positioned for more, a lot more. Then Aldo will go into a more detailed review of the financials. All you have to do is follow the news and you know that we live today in the midst of turmoil, inflation, variants supply, continuing unpredictable outbreak, precipitous lockdowns and a war in the Ukraine and Snap-on has shown through it all, wielding our advantages in product and brand, and in people, progressing down our runways for growth, engaging our Snap-on value creation, driving improvement, making the most of our resilient markets and extending our positive trajectory, piercing the turbulence. The story of our second quarter is simply one of rising momentum. We have been meeting the challenges quarter after quarter and we are simply getting even better at overcoming the difficulties, and going forward, we are confident of our capabilities continue to advance and here are the numbers that say we should be confident. Our reported sales in the quarter were $1 billion, $136.6 million, up versus last year by $55.2 million or 5.1%, including $32.4 million or 330 basis points of unfavorable foreign exchange. Organic sales growth was 8.4% with gains in every Group. And compared to the pre-pandemic levels of 2019, our upward drive is clear as a bell versus 2019 Sales in the quarter rose 19.5% as reported and 18.7% organically. This is now eight straight quarters of being above pre-pandemic levels. We believe we are continuing an ongoing trend of accelerating expansion and are building momentum with emphasis, increasing higher and higher, demonstrating that we are only getting stronger every day. The Opco operating income of $246.6 million, was up $29.5 million and the operating margin, it was 21.7%, up 160 basis points from last year and 170 basis points from 2019. For financial services operating income of $65.3 million, compared to the $68.9 million of last year and that result combined with Opco for a consolidated operating margin of 25.5%, up 100 basis points from last year and 130 from 2019. And EPS was $4.27, up 13.6% from last year and 32.6% above the comparable pre-pandemic level recorded in 2019, up $3.22. I have been saying this since the third quarter of 2020, I will say it again, we believe is Snap-on the stronger now than when we entered this great withering and the second quarter numbers say it so. Now let’s talk about the markets. Auto repair remains positive. Most if, not all -- most, if not all of our key indicators are quite favorable spending on vehicle maintenance and spending on vehicle maintenance and repair, up, number of techs, up, mechanic wages, up. The techs are optimistic about their prospects and about the greater need for the skills as new technologies, new complexities advanced across the car park and we saw a confirmation of in that broadly held believe, for several quarters now is a number of automotive repair technicians continue expanding upward period-after-period, higher now than any of the last three decades. And when I speak with shop owners or managers, as I often do, it’s clear that there is a need for more, many more and that Snap-on we love it. Vehicle repair is a strong and resilient market, a feeling that’s also reinforced by our franchisees. You can see it in our numbers. You can hear it in their voices. We believe they are more prosperous than ever. Besides franchisees and technicians, there’s vehicle repair shop owners and managers, this is RS&I arena. Demand for new and used cars is high, but supplies are limited, it’s a well known Story. The pandemic has impacted the auto supply chain, sure. But it doesn’t matter. Lots of new cars or scarcity of new vehicles, the car park is large, ageing, getting more complex and demand for repair remains strong, come back to high water and the shops are seeing this clearly and starting to invest to meet the currently need and get ready for the future. The variety of drivetrains is expanding, internal combustion, hybrid, plug-in electric, full electric and every day there’s more driver assistance and more vehicle automation, increasing vehicle complexity. Shops now have a greater need for new and upgraded equipment and they are becoming more and more rely on service and repair information to guide them through the galaxy of new requirements and procedures, it’s all music to our ears actually. Snap-on makes great tools and equipment and it’s clearly repair and information headquarters. RS&I has taken advantage of that trend, creating new equipment offered and advanced database solutions. We now have a strong array of products in that vital areas. Mitchell 1 repair information software and shop management software, SPX, electronic parts catalog, our dealer shop management technologies, electric vehicle health check solutions and our heavy-duty and fast track intelligent diagnostics hardware. These are big databases and getting more powerful and easier to use, helping the shop to fix it right the first time and efficiently. The repair shop is changing, rising in complexity and ours -- and I has the products to match it. Finally, let’s talk about critical industries. At Snap-on, we say Snap-on rolls out of the garage solving tasks of consequence and we do. This is C&I territory, our most international operation and it’s where we see the most continuing impact of the pandemic and it’s in children like supply chain inflation and supply chain disruption and inflation, where customers have been slower to accommodate, where headwinds are still persisting and where our multi-SKU product offerings are particularly impacted by supply chain challenges. I suppose everybody knows about the two-month lockdown in Shanghai, that area is a significant C&I business center and it’s also key transportation hub for our China factory, so the lockdown was an obstacle. And beyond that focused event, C&I is particularly challenged by its considerable geographic reach, adjusting with the varying impacts and protocols and economic turbulence from countries with a varying virus impacts and protocols and the economic turbulence from country-to-country. But I would say, if you look at the quarter, the C&I team rose to the occasion, and in the quarter, we won gains in North America, in Europe and in Asia, despite the difficulties. So I’d describe our C&I markets as representing continuing opportunity and coupled with automotive repair, we believe our overall markets are robust right now and there is considerably more opportunity ahead as we move along our runways for growth. And I can leave this section about robust progress in abundant possibilities without once again speaking of our -- of the engine of our advanced Snap-on value creation, particularly in customer connection and innovation, developing new products and solution born of the observation gathered right in the workplace, insights that create great new offerings, and at the same time, help guide the expansion of our franchisee selling capacity with better processes, more effective training and more powerful communication, all of that helped drive our progress, overcoming the difficulties, accommodating the virus, taking full advantage of the market opportunities, starting a continuing positive trend moving forward and we are going to keep it going. Well, that’s the overview now, let’s move to the segments. In the C&I Group, sales in the quarter were up 2.5% as reported or 8.6 million versus 2021 and that includes $25.3 million or 6 point -- 7 point, that includes a $25.3 million or 7.6% organic gain driven by progress across all our divisions. From an earnings perspective, C&I income was 51.7%, a decrease of $3.8 million compared to 2021, $2 million of that was unfavorable foreign currency and the rest represents the impact of supply chain turbulence on the multi-SKU C&I products. The OI margin was 14.4%, down 140 basis points from 2021, but did represent progress and then it’s a 100 basis -- 100 point sequential improvement from the last quarter, when compared with the pre-pandemic 2019 periods, sales were up 7.4% organically and the OI margin of 14.4% was down 20 basis points, but that included an 80-point impact from acquisitions and unfavorable currency. Now continuing bright spot in C&I this quarter and again this quarter was SNA Europe, it did deliver yet another quarter growth, expanding double-digit year-over-year and well beyond pre-pandemic levels, all against the wins in Europe with innovative solutions of our Bahco Erle tool management system leading the way, tailoring product specific to customer needs. Europe is a varied market and SNA Europe is making increasing gains by matching the products to the specific tasks. And that positive SNA Europe was joined in C&I, quite valuable contribution from recovering areas in critical industries like aerospace, in general industry and from countries, in Asia-Pacific, like, India, Japan and South Korea. All combines overcome the decline and slower to recover sectors like the military and natural resources. We do remain confident and committed to extending in critical industries and that commitment is confirmed with great new products. Speaking of product, last quarter to help solve crucial tasks across both critical industries and automotive repair, we strengthened our 14.4 Volt MicroLithium power tool lineup with the new Snap-on CT761 3/8-inch Impact Wrench. It’s a very attractive, but it’s also quite functional. Featuring a compact design to reach tight spaces, a nylon-based housing for rugged durability and a special toggle switch trigger for precise control. The new unit also includes a try being headlight for broad illumination entire work area and now that’s a feature that makes complex multi-point jobs much easier in the low-light conditions that often occur in the workshop or enrolled repair. You can imagine it. The Impact Wrench also delivers a robust 225 foot pounds of breakaway torque and it’s controlled by a variable speed drive. So the operator can apply just the right torque for each job and the 14 volt battery with its 2.5 amp hours ensure it’s consistent output and an extended run time which makes for a lot more efficient workday. The CT361 began shipping early in the quarter and it was right on target, quickly becoming a million hit product and it’s sold out and what seem like a blink of an eye. Great product. Well, that’s C&I, a promising quarter, volume up nicely, starting to overcome the turbulence, moving down it’s runways for growth. Now for the Tools Group, sales of $520.6 million, up $36.5 million, including $7.7 million of unfavorable currency and a 9.3% organic gains and the operating margin 23.9%, up 250 basis points compared with pre-virus 2019 sales grew $114.8 million, including a 28% -- 28.1% organic gain and this quarter is 23.9% operating margin was up 630 basis points compared with those pre-virus numbers, coming out of the pandemic stronger indeed. Another positive quarter for the Tools Group with growth across all product lines and beyond as we see further indications of continuing strength. Other data like the franchisee health metrics, which we monitor every quarter, they remain quite favorable and on a clearly positive trend. We do believe our van network remains quite strong and it’s not just the numbers. Just a few weeks ago, I spent time with a couple of dozen franchisees representing the regions on our U.S. and Canadian national franchisee advisory councils, and they were motivated and prosperous, enthusiastic about the current performance, positive about the trajectories of the other vans and various areas that they represent and very optimistic about the prospects for even more going forward. They believe in their opportunities and they are confident about their future. The Tools Group, strong quantitatively and qualitatively and that positivity was not just internal. Once again this quarter, it was reinforced by the external view. Snap-on was recognized again this year among the top 50 in the franchise industry by Entrepreneur Magazine. And once again in that ranking, we rated in the top of the Tools Distribution category, a place we have for some time and this type of recognition reflects fundamental, contemporary strength of our franchisees and of our overall mobile van network. It is a powerhouse business and that momentum would not have been achieved without a continuous stream of unique new products. And one of those that helped drive our hand tools up again this quarter, again this quarter was our new Long Nose Slip Joint Pliers. It’s a special tool with our patented 3-Position joint precisely machine for effortless switch -- for effortless switching and control, allowing the pliers to -- it allows the pliers to keep the jaws parallel increasing the contact with the work piece, with its indicated -- it’s got a relocated joint, optimized handle shape and unique Talon Grip-serrated jaws. With all of that our new pliers provide over 50% more pulling power. The machined and hardened teeth are sharp and strong and present three different gripping geometries, from heavy serrations at the base to fine grooves at the tip, great variability for multiple applications. You can apply different parts of the jaw. They are manufactured right here in our Milwaukee factory and they are manufactured from special cold forged allied steel for greater durability and strength. These players were launched at the beginning of the past quarter and they have been very well received. When I talk to the franchisees of the NFAC, they said are flying off the truck, and they are right. The sales have already made a hit product strategy just in one quarter. Our new offerings are in fact making a difference in the Tools Group, you can’t miss it in the numbers, eight straight quarters above pre-pandemic levels. The Tools Group is moving onward and upward with eye-catching momentum and if you look at the numbers or spend any time with the team, you believe it’s all systems go and it is. Now on to RS&I, sales were up 4.6% or $18.2 million versus last year, including $27.4 million or 7% organic uplift with double-digit growth in undercar equipment with diagnostics and information advancing and with the dealership activity flat from an earnings perspective RS&I operating income of $95.7 million, represents a rise of $9 million or 10.4% and the operating margin was 23%, up 120 basis points in the last year. Compared with 2019, sales were up 19.5% as reported and the organic growth was $58 million or 16.8% with strong advances in undercar equipment and diagnostics and information products. For profitability, the OI margin of 23% was down 240 basis points versus 2019, pretty much reflecting 110 point impact just from acquisitions and the effect of the margin dilutions from the higher sales of undercar equipment that we have been seeing. We believe RS&I has great opportunities and we are fortifying its way forward with new products like our Hofmann 609 aligner, specifically designed for independent or general repair shops, where alignment is -- it’s not currently a primary focus and the space is short. The new offering allows those all-purpose garage to keep the low volume alignment business in-house with its compact footprint and portability kit enabling easy storage when not in use and efficient deployment when alignment is actually need. It saves a lot of space, but it gets the job done. With our latest 3D system authoring OEM approved accuracy, the 609 enables the handling of even the most complex alignment systems by those general repair shops. It generates a high return on the investment, doesn’t occupy space needed for other repairs -- often needed for other repairs and it fortifies the garage’s reputation for technical capability. It’s a great value for the general repair shops and they are noticing. Our equipment business has been on a roll with strong double-digit equipment growth for double-digit quarters for some time and the Hofmann 609 aligner is a big player in that mix. RS&I, approving its position with repair shop owners and managers, growth in undercar equipment and diagnostics and information projects, products and an array of innovative new products and product lines to lead the way. Well, those are the highlights of our quarter, Tools Group, strong progress everywhere, unmistakable strength. C&I, recording a positive performance against the variation across industries and geographies and RS&I, expanding profitable volume with repair shop owners and managers. Snap-on overall sales rising markedly, both versus last year up 8.4% organically and up 18.7% organically compared with pre-pandemic levels continuing clear positive trajectory. Opco operating margin are strong 21.7%, rising again in this quarter rising again this quarter, up 160 basis points. EPS $4.27, up versus last year, up versus last quarter and up versus pre-pandemic levels. It was an encouraging quarter. Now I will turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Nick, thanks. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on slide six. Net sales of $1,136.6 million in the quarter increased 5.1% from 2021 levels, reflecting an 8.4% organic sales gain, partially offset by $32.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales gain this quarter reflects high single-digit growth in each of the company’s segments and compares to an 8% year-over-year organic increase recorded last quarter. Consolidated gross margin of 48.7%, remained the same as last quarter, but declined 150 basis points from 50.2% last year. Higher material and other costs were partially offset by contributions from the increased sales volumes and pricing actions, as well as from benefits from the company’s RCI initiatives and 30 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects. Again this quarter, we believe the corporation through pricing and RCI actions continue to navigate effectively the costs and other supply chain dynamics of the current environment. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales of 27% improved 310 basis points from 30.1% last year. The improvement is primarily due to higher sales volumes, savings from RCI initiatives and lower cost associated with stock-based expenses, operating earnings from financial services of $246.6 million in the quarter, compared to $217.1 million in 2021. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 21.7%, improved 160 basis points from last year and was up 140 basis points sequentially. Financial services revenue of $86.4 million in the second quarter of 2022, compared to $86.9 million last year. Operating earnings of $65.3 million, a decrease $3.6 million from 2021 levels, primarily as a result of higher provisions for credit losses and those recorded last year. Consolidated operating earnings of $311.9 million, compared to $286 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 25.5%, improved 100 basis points from 24.5% in 2021. Our second quarter effective income tax rate of 23.8%, compared to 23.3% last year. Net earnings of $231.5 million or $4.27 per diluted share increased $23.5 million or $0.51 per share from last year’s levels, representing a 13.6% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now, let’s turn to our segment results, starting with the C&I Group on slide seven. Sales of $359.1 million increased from $350.5 million last year, reflecting a $25.3 million or 7.6% organic sales gain, partially offset by $16.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency translations. The organic growth primarily reflects double-digit gains in the segments European based hand tools business and Asia-Pacific operations, as well as a mid single-digit increase in sales to customers in critical industries. Within critical industries, solid gains in general industry and international aviation more than offset lower sales to the military. Gross margin of 37.3%, although improving sequentially, declined 220 basis points from 39.5% in the second quarter of 2021. This is primarily due to higher material and other input costs being partially offset by the benefits from higher sales volumes and pricing actions and savings from the segment’s RCI initiatives. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 22.9% in the quarter, improved 80 basis points from 23.7% in 2021, primarily due to the effects of higher sales volumes. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $51.7 million, compared to $55.5 million last year. The operating margin of 14.4%, compared to 15.8% a year ago. Turning now to slide eight, sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $520.6 million, increased 7.5% from $484.1 million in 2021, reflecting a 9.3% organic sales gain, partially offset by $7.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency translations. The organic sales growth reflects a double-digit gain in our U.S. business and a low single-digit increase in our international operations. In the U.S., sales were up across all product lines and include a particularly robust sales of full-storage in the quarter. Gross margin of 46% in the quarter, compared to 45.5% in the first quarter of this year, but declined 80 basis points from 46.8% last year. The year-over-year decline is primarily due to higher material and other costs, and 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, partially offset by benefits from higher sales volumes and pricing actions. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales 22.1%, improved 330 basis points from 25.4% last year, reflecting the benefits from higher sales volumes and savings from RCI initiatives, and including the effects of lower expenses associated with the company’s franchisees stock purchase program. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $124.4 million, compared to $103.5 million last year. The operating margin of 23.9% improved 250 basis points from 21.4% a year ago. Turning to RS&I Group, shown on slide nine, sales of $416.8 million, compared to $398.6 million a year ago, reflecting a 7% organic sales gain, partially offset by $9.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic gain is comprised of a double-digit increase in sales of undercar equipment and a low single-digit gain in the sale of diagnostics and repair information products to independent shop owners and managers. Activity with OEM dealerships was essentially flat. Gross margin of 43.2%, declined 150 basis points from 44.7% last year. This is primarily due to higher material and other input costs and increased sales in lower gross margin businesses. These declines were partially offset by benefits from pricing actions and savings from RCI initiatives, as well as from 50 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 20.2%, improved 270 basis points from 22.9% last year, primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage, including higher activity and lower expense businesses and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating earnings from the RS&I Group of $95.7 million, compared to $86.7 million last year. The operating margin 23%, improved 120 basis points from 21.8% reported a year ago. Now turning to slide 10, revenue from financial services of $86.4 million, including $800,000 of unfavorable currency translation, compared to $86.9 million last year. Financial services operating earnings of $65.3 million, compared to $68.9 million in 2021. Financial services expenses of $21.1 million were up $3.1 million from 2021 levels, mostly due to $2.4 million of increased provisions for credit losses. While provisions have increased versus a historically lower provision rate experienced last year, loan portfolio trends remain stable. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 1% and eight-tenths of 1% in the second quarter of 2022 and 2021, respectively. In both the second quarters of 2022 and 2021, the average yield on finance and contract receivables were 17.5% and 8.5%, respectively. Total loan originations of $307.6 million in the second quarter increased $21.8 million or 7.6% from 2021 levels, reflecting an 11% increase in originations of finance receivables, partially offset by decrease in the origination of contract receivables. Moving to slide 11, our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.2 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.9 billion from our U.S. operations. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.4% for the U.S. extended credit is the same as comparable pre-pandemic period of 2019 and reflects the seasonal improvement we typically experience in the second quarter. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, the trailing 12-month net losses of $40.4 million represented 2.33% of outstandings at quarter end, which is down slightly from the 2.34% reported at the end of last quarter. Now turning to slide 12, cash provided by operating activities of $140.8 million in the quarter, compared to $238.2 million last year. The decrease in the second quarter of 2021 primarily reflects an $87.7 million increase in working investment. The change in working investment dollars is largely driven by greater demand, including increases in receivables and higher levels of inventory this year. In addition to demand base requirements, the inventory increase also reflects higher in-transit inventory amounts, as well as incremental buffer stocks associated with the supply chain dynamics in the current macro environment. Net cash used by investing activities of $73.8 million, included net additions to finance receivables of $53.5 million and capital expenditures of $21.3 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $112.2 million, included cash dividends of $75.7 million and the repurchase of $251,000 shares of common stock for $53.8 million under our existing share repurchase program. As of quarter end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $420.8 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to slide 13, trade and other accounts receivable increased $46.8 million from 2021 year end. Days sales outstanding of 60 days, compared to 58 days at 2021 year end. Inventories increased $89.5 million from 2021 year end and on a trailing 12-month basis inventory turns of 2.7 compared to 2.8 at year end 2021. Our quarter end cash position of $812.9 million, compared to $780 million at year end 2021. Our net debt to capital ratio of 8.3% compared to 9.1% at year end 2021. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million available under our credit facilities and as of quarter end, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance. I will now briefly review a few outlook items for 2022. We anticipate that capital expenditures will be in the range of $90 million to $100 million. In addition, we currently anticipate absent any changes to U.S. tax legislation that our full year 2022 effective income tax rate will be in the range of 23% to 24%. I will now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, that’s our second quarter. Markets that are resilient and getting more robust by the day. These are interesting times in the pandemic, inflation, supply interruptions, a war, and pop-up lockdowns, but Snap-on brings to this turbulence considerable advantage in product, in brand and in people. It’s enabled our team to cut through the turbulence, continuing a positive trajectory and you can see it in the performance. C&I on a growth path again, with a 7.6% organic increase, despite being our most impacted business. RS&I, gains with repair shop owners and managers, driven by hardware and its expanding information portfolio, sales up 7% organically and NOI margin of 22%, up 120 basis points from last year. And the Tools Group, gangbusters results, sales up 9.3% organically versus last year and up 28.1% versus 2019, eight straight quarters above pre-pandemic levels and NOI margin of 23.9%. And it all came together for overall Snap-on organic growth of 8.4%, NOI margin of 21.7% and an EPS of $4.27, all high watermarks despite the turbulence. It was an encouraging quarter and we emerge from that period with rising momentum. It is a turbulent time, but Snap-on is driven by attractive markets, by unique strengths and by an experienced and capable team that’s achieved clear and consistent performance and period-by-period has become stronger and stronger in navigating the issues of the day. And we believe these inherent advantages will continue to prevail as we go forward on a clear an upward trajectory through the remainder of this year and well beyond. Before I turn the call over to the, Operator, I will speak directly to our franchisees and associates. I know they listen in. The corporation is an organization where people come together to create a benefit for themselves and others that they could not alter individually. You have done just that again this quarter. For your success in that endeavor you have my congratulations. For the energy and the skill you bring to our efforts, you have my admiration and for the commitment you unfailingly demonstrate to our team, you have my thanks. Now I will turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We can take our first question now from Scott Stember of MKM Partners. Please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Good morning and congrats on the very strong results.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Scott.
Scott Stember: Can we talk about Tools? You mentioned that, everything was up, and it sounded like Tool storage had another very strong quarter. Was that related to the new mobile cart and maybe just try to size up how big tools storage was in the quarter and trying to figure out...
Nick Pinchuk: Now, I don’t like to give you -- I don’t, I think, it’s -- you start worrying too much of our quarter-to-quarter, Scott, Scott you go hikidi, bikidi, boo [ph] around here about, because things change depending on the models you bring up. But I will say that Tool storage was the leader, it was double digits, a nice quarter and it came -- and targets were in a factor, what happened at this time is, we started to get more of the bigger boxes out, the EPIQ and the Master Series. We had some great new offerings. Our Supernova Masters Series with the electric blue and the copper trim, that seemed very popular. So it was a great quarter. Carts were continued to be strong, but EPIQ, the bigger boxes, the regular tool storage box, we could call Roll Cabs or not made the difference. So it was a pretty good quarter. The Tools Group really, I mean, I think, it did have a great quarter. By the way, did I mention that the Tools Group NOI margin was 23.9% in the quarter? I think, I have mentioned that. That was -- I think that says it all. I will tell you. And by the way, in the quarter hand tools were already -- were also up and also -- that’s a nice factor for us, up strongly. But the big impact in the quarter...
Scott Stember: And then…
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah.
Scott Stember: Go ahead. I am sorry.
Nick Pinchuk: Go ahead. Go ahead.
Scott Stember: I was going to ask about the selling to the van and off of the van the inventory situation right now on the van?
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Look, the inventories are up, the guys are crying for more inventory, when they go out there and their inventory turns are substantially below pre-pandemic levels. So the inventory turns are higher at this time and not below pre-pandemic levels, they are above pre-pandemic levels. So they are substantially higher at this time. And the sell-through was better this quarter than it was last quarter. When you look at it overall, it seems to be right in line with our overall sales. So we think it’s moving along nicely. I do believe our guys want more inventory. I do believe they want more. And I would say in our business, there’s still, we got a little better at delivering, but we still like, we still have a pretty good backlog. People are clamoring for our products still.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then lastly in RS&I, you talked about undercar doing really well. Is that related to the collision part of the business or is that just across the board?
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Well, it’s across the Board, but the collision business has been a star in this situation. We acquired Car-O-Liner a few years ago and we anticipated that collision with the deployment of the neural network around the sensors, around the sort of driver assist systems would make collision a very lucrative area and it seems to have played out. So collision is among the top four undercar equipment, but generally it’s all roll pretty well. The independent repair shops are optimistic. They are seeing the, well, I said it in my call, investment up, spending up, technicians up, wages up, they can see it all come in through. So they are white hot in terms of their optimism, in terms of the situation. So it get them to invest more. That’s what you are seeing in undercar equipment.
Scott Stember: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. Thanks.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Luke Junk of Baird. Please go ahead.
Luke Junk: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. First I wanted to ask about originations is on positive this quarter up nicely both year-on-year and up really strong sequentially following some fits and starts recently. Can you just give us a peek under the hood there in terms of what’s driving that? Do you think it’s sustainable and what if any impacted last quarter system breach have on the numbers this quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: Last quarter, I don’t think had any impact on this quarter. But it was mostly in the last quarter where you saw, it might have had some impact on originations, because last quarter you -- from a sales point of view, there was a skewing towards the back end of the quarter, because the breach was in the early parts of the quarter, so you saw that going out. And as I said, last time we thought we had pretty robust sales in some of the big ticket items, but they hadn’t made their way through the vans yet necessarily and that probably worked out this quarter. I think the big driver though, Luke, is the product. I think the optimism of the technicians and the product itself. I think, what does drive originations is the view of people saying, wow. I really like these EPIQ boxes I got and we had a more available now. We are getting better at delivering them. During the pandemic we had some fits and starts, so we are pushing a little more carts and now we have a little bit more of the basic roll cabs. So I think that’s what drove the higher originations in this time. We still see pretty good RA, the finance by the franchisees seemed pretty solid. That wasn’t down in the course. So that was pretty strong. As I said, hand tools were up. So I think it’s pretty much product driven. What you see in the Tools Group, I mean, the Tools Group is on a pretty big momentum. If you look back over the pre-pandemic levels, they were up 9%, and what was that, Q4 2020 then 15%, then17%, then 21%, then 22%, then 24% and 28% this quarter. And by the way, they came through the quarter, they exited the quarter stronger. They are on the mail train. They have got momentum rolling. And so I feel pretty good about that and that’s playing out in some of the now broader product lines in Tool Storage. We did, as I said in the last call, that doesn’t mean that carts were down any, they were still strong in the quarter just that the low cash got bigger.
Luke Junk: That’s very helpful. Thanks for that, Nick. And then second question within RS&I, I will ask on undercar equipment again. It’s been an area of consistent strength in that business going all the way back to the start of 2021, we count six straight quarters of double-digit growth overall. Where do you think we are in the investment cycle there, realizing that growth has been weighing on RS&I gross margins and looking forward to some point when that starts to normalize? How quickly would you anticipate higher software margins starting to come through at that point as well?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think, look, I think, higher software margins are, you are going to see it, one of the things you are seeing in our -- remember we said, we are pivoting away from titles where we sold updates, we call it titles, but they are basically updates on software every six months, we are pivoting to a subscription business. So that tends to stretch out your revenue was a little bit -- it effects revenues in the quarter. And so, but our subscriptions are up deep, our subscribers are up deep double digits in this quarter year-over-year. So that seems to be working for us. So we are pretty pumped about the possibilities in that, but you know you have some, I guess, I would say, recognition questions as you go through this period. So you don’t quite see it coming through, but I can see it coming through in the future. And as I said, with the array of electronic products we have around software, from the diagnostic software to the Mitchell 1 software, to Dealer-FX to electronic parts catalogs to vehicle checks. We feel we are repair, information headquarters and it’s going to become bigger and we are going to see it roll through that business earlier. Now if you ask me to expect to see the equipment business attenuate, I hope not. I am not hoping for it, just because it’s low margin, it doesn’t seem, it doesn’t mean I don’t want the profits, I do. So and I could see that go, that was down -- you might remember, it was down, it was pretty much flat on its back for a couple of quarters, couple of three quarters earlier and it’s bouncing back from that. We have seen a lot in independent repair shops and I would figure after the dealerships start to get used to the situation, I think, they will discombobulated by the low supply and what are they doing associated with this sort of a little bit -- little more reluctant in situation. When they come online, I think, that will be even greater.
Luke Junk: Then if I could just sneak one more in, maybe this one would be…
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah.
Luke Junk: … good for Aldo to tackle? Could you just remind us of how rising interest rates affect the credit company, both in terms of funding, if at all, in the rates that you charge and in particular, I am just wondering if there is anything that you think is miss perceived that you would want to address about a rising interest rate environment? Thanks.
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks for the question, Luke. Actually it has a little affect if anything it might create a more favorable environment. And why do I say that? Again, we fund long. So if you look at Snap-On’s balance sheet, we don’t fund day-to-day. So the rising interest rates do not have a foreseeable immediate impact on our borrowing capability, because as you could see there’s plenty of cash on the balance sheet and there is nothing that’s coming due for quite some time. So we are stable in terms of the cost of our funds going into that business. Our stated rates have been pretty consistent really for decade plus. So and they are not the lowest rate out there, but they are lower than what might be available to people that are on a credit card format and things of that nature. So we think our rates are appropriate for the credit profile of the customers that we serve, we think that they -- those types of customers recognize that. So we are the kind of the lender of choice if they do decide to engage in any type of lending activity. And I think because we provide that stability, it gives a little bit a form of reassurance, so as interest rates go up competitors rates, if they were ever considering them, and when I say competitors, I am thinking of things like credit cards. So as interest rates are going to be going up for people that are in the subprime category. So we are going to be pretty stable and our approach is going to be pretty consistent. Yeah, I think the competitions rates might be going up, which you could argue maybe creates a slightly more favorable environment.
Luke Junk: Okay. I will leave it there. Thank you for all the color this morning.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: When you think about the organic growth, and obviously, it’s pretty inflationary environment, could you talk about sort of with the contribution from units are versus the contribution from price and then, I guess, as a follow-up, I think, well, I will ask that first then I have a follow-up.
Nick Pinchuk: Go ahead. Go ahead. Ask the follow-up one.
Bret Jordan: The follow-up, I think you called out, I think, in C&I and RS&I sort of inflation in some of the cost of goods. And could you sort of talk about where you are seeing, is it metals, labor, where are you seeing inflation, what you can do to sort of pass that through and the timing of that?
Nick Pinchuk: And by the way, just, Bret, before the Tools Group will execute -- Tools Group guys will execute be if I leave this conference call, not saying that it also have inflationary impacts on it and price is going up. So it’s not just RS&I and C&I. They also have to deal with that and I got to give them credit for that. But look, here is the thing, it’s hard for us to determine, because we know we have some pricing, but it isn’t the majority of it. Looking at our factories, we know we have products in demand. There is rolling off there and our guys are up to their eyeballs in demand. So we know that’s a positive situation. The other thing is it’s hard, because you know we have list prices. But the list prices don’t -- are very from product to product and they come out on an average, you might say your raising sales 3.5% or something like that but products. And then overlaying on top of that we have a lot of new tools, we keep roll in new tool. In fact, million dollar tools we have dozens a quarter rolling out and then, across the network. And then we have promotions that occur week to week and they can be lean or rich and taken up the big effect. So it’s hard for us to say. I would say the minority of the increases in pricing and the majority is in volume for us. We think that’s the situation in this situation in our environment. Now, that varies from Group to Group and so on. Now if you talk about where we are getting the biggest impact, our biggest inflationary impact, Bret, is trying to buy on the spot market, because we have said we want to deliver the best we can. We have demand. We want to deliver. We are not keeping up with all the demand, but so we are buying like chips on the spot market. And I can go -- that can fluctuate wildly. We buy components for power tools and other things on a spot market, that can move wildly. If you look at commodities, I would say, look, we buy several, many grades of steel, but if you look at steel for tool storage and steel for, let’s say, lifts, hot rolled and cold rolled, there both coming off a little bit. They are getting a little better. They are coming down. If you look at steel for hand tools, it’s at its top and now they are still not back to the steady state levels but they backed off a little bit. The steel for hand tools, which we call rod steel, that’s pretty much reached the top level and it’s flattened out but it hasn’t abated for us yet and we are not seeing too much abatements in freight, you see those kinds of things flowing through. I would expect this stuff, as I believe that as the COVID turbulent start the micro viscosity start -- stop happening, you are going to see the stuff start to drift downwards, because you are not going to have the interruptions in supply and therefore it’s going to get more regular and therefore the prices are going to come down. But I don’t have a crystal ball on that. That’s sort of our view of the situation.
Bret Jordan: Okay. If you were to think about your price inflation, your sticker price inflation year-to-date, I guess, how would you -- is it up, mid-low, mid-single digits on pricing?
Nick Pinchuk: It’s hard for me to say because it changes. It’s all over the map depending on where you are. In the Tools Group, you have a list price and the other places, you are pricing product-by-product and it depends on the size of the product and a lot of different things. So, all I am saying is, I think, if you wanted to step back and you look at our pricing, it’s the minority of our growth.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Hopefully get share, get volume out of it, Bret. Okay.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Hey. Thanks. Good morning.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: So, Nick, some -- hey. Some pretty strong comments on the momentum and the tenure across the Tools Group. I did want to drill down into that in terms of, we -- the relative contributions of market penetration and overall kind of advancing into technicians not traditionally served versus a revenue per technician type of equation.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. We don’t have -- it’s hard for us to get a handle on all of that, because you tend to start out with people at lower levels. But we are adding technicians. I can’t parse that thing for you. We are certainly aiming at that and it’s been successful, but we are also selling more to the existing technicians because their wages are going up, they are getting more optimistic. And also it’s not a situation where we see static activities. I will say the number of technicians we have on the books are going up and that includes some new people. So that’s about all I can give you on that. I think there are both things in play at least, because of the...
Christopher Glynn: Okay.
Nick Pinchuk: And it makes sense. I just want to add this, because it makes sense, because we believe it’s great for us to get new technicians and that’s a one component of growth that I have talked about for a dog’s age here. But it’s also in this environment clear that existing technicians, young or old are going to need new products. And they are actually going to need more a greater array of these products as you get more and different powertrain, as you get more of these automated features in the system. So we anticipate both effects being lucrative forward motion, it would be wrong to think that either one was maybe -- to think that they weren’t both good avenues for growth.
Christopher Glynn: That makes sense. Yeah. It was kind of meant to particularly drill into the expanding the technical...
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Christopher Glynn: That’s great. And then on C&I, clearly a stronger quarter year-over-year and sequentially versus kind of the trends we have seen in the past few quarters, a little more kind of stable, steady. So wondering if your sense of things getting rolling there versus you kind of got a bit more out the door of this quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: No. I don’t, well, we like to think we got bit more out the door. But I don’t think that’s it. I think, look, I think we are making a little bit of penetration. As I tried to say in our remarks, we are getting better at handling the turbulence. I’d like to say we are not as dumb as we look and a lot of people would say that would be impossible. But we are kind of learning quarter by quarter and C&I has the longest learning curve, because they have the most impact of all this stuff that’s happened. I mean, C&I in Shanghai, there is that one thing -- by the way, we were up in Asia in C&I, so they did pretty well in that regard. So what we are seeing is, we are seeing our ability to manage the turbulence better. We are also seeing some warming, like in this quarter, one of the things that was very encouraged by is that the military wasn’t down as much in the quarter. The military is kind of coming back. It’s still down. You know what I mean, I am still -- I don’t like it, but it’s still -- it’s coming back. So it wasn’t as big of a hole this quarter, as it has been in the past. And also general industry, I don’t know if you saw that comment, general industry was up and aviation in total was up, particularly international aviation believe it or not. So, general industry which implies the widest category for us, in terms of that, that has so many different segments and that was up strongly. So I kind of think the critical industries are coming, getting stronger, recovering from the impact. So we feel pretty good about that. In our business are looking better. Now, that’s why we were particularly pleased about this 7.6% growth organically in C&I. That made us -- that gave us great encouragement. And in reality, the 14.4%, yeah, it was down 140 basis points year-over-year, but 14.4% aren’t chop liver for C&I, it’s not so bad. And was up 100 basis points versus last quarter and down 2020 versus 2019 against the pretty severe impact of acquisitions and currency, I think, it was 80 basis points. So those -- they are points were pretty good for us, we were encouraged by it.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thanks for the color.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Gary Prestopino of Barrington Research. Please go ahead.
Gary Prestopino: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Gary, how are you?
Gary Prestopino: Oh! I am just fine. Thanks. Hey, Nick, just a question, as it evolves with all the hybrids and electric vehicles that are starting to come into the car park or a bit in the car park for years now. With your product set there, right now are you seeing demand from technicians for specific hand tools or more diagnostic and calibration tools in the repair of these kinds of vehicles?
Nick Pinchuk: I think you see more demand for the diagnostic, but you also see the hand tools. I think, if you look at the -- they are in the car park, but they are -- if you look at -- it’s one thing to look at it versus the sales. If you look at them in the car park, it gets to be pretty thin. You are not seeing -- not that many garages are seeing a lot of them. So the guys are talking to us about this and we sell hand tools and we sell some diagnostics that you have -- it’s not a special diagnostic form, but it’s a diagnostic that would have the capabilities to deal with those things. So you are not seeing -- they are still pretty thinly distributed across unless maybe you are in Southern California or something like that or maybe New York City or some, you might see some of those garages, but we are not seeing huge demand. Mostly we are getting ready for what we think will be the demand going forward. We think this is going to be a tidal wave. And so that’s one of the reasons why we acquired Dealer-FX to get a look at these things.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Ivan Feinseth of Tigress Financial Partners. Please go ahead.
Ivan Feinseth: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Congratulations on another great quarter and the great results.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Ivan.
Ivan Feinseth: When you were talking about like you bring on a new tool and it sold out pretty quickly, how fast can you ramp up? Is it because you didn’t anticipate the demand would be so strong or you are seeing still dealing with shortages and how quickly can you ramp up for another production run?
Nick Pinchuk: I would say, we didn’t expect it to be that big. This one -- the couple -- of course, this is an earnings call, so I pick some of the ringer as you know and I put them on. But the thing is that, those guys blew out the doors and we didn’t anticipate it be that good, otherwise we would have done a bigger run to begin with. So that’s the situation. Just the demand was really high. Now, on top of that, I will tell you that we believe we need more capacity, because we have demand, so we are looking at that situation wise and we will have to go back and try to schedule another run in the handful plants, which is already over scheduled, but we will try to put that in and roll out with some more. Obviously though, if you are do that, I mean, the reason why we are running a hand tool plants, they got a lot of demand. So we see ourselves that sitting on some further opportunities if we can just rollout more product and we are working on it. In terms of expanding the plant we have an expansion plan for our Milwaukee hand tool plants, where this plans was built.
Ivan Feinseth: And then as your franchisees interact with OEM mechanics, what kind of feedback or discussions are they having about preparing to ramp up for new tools to handle the EVs that are at some point going to explain...
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Look, I think, they are having talks about that, but generally you are talking about insulated tool, some of the obvious stuff like some diagnostics stuff, some insulated tools, some lift tables for the batteries, those kinds of things. And then what will happen, Ivan, is the mechanics don’t know yet what they don’t know, you know what I mean, about preparing the tool.
Ivan Feinseth: Yeah.
Nick Pinchuk: Those new cars get into the dealerships and the mechanics will discover where they need new tools to deal with it. That’s a whole other level of array. So we are talking right now about the common things that you might -- you observe from early days from the -- you hear from the OEMs, are you see the very, very -- very early days in the OEM garages and those are the things that I just talked about like insulated tools and some diagnostics some analysis routines and also some lift tables and other stuff around electric vehicles and then you are going to hear as a guys start repair them, let’s say, geez, these particular vehicles are different, I need a special tool to do this and that’s where we start rolling out our activity we start building more tools to match. That’s a whole other array and that’s one of the thing really takes off for us.
Ivan Feinseth: And then I assume you are going to need some kind of new types of lifts to handle the access or battery swapping because of the way is…
Nick Pinchuk: It’s also true -- so true…
Ivan Feinseth: Yeah. It…
Nick Pinchuk: Also true. I didn’t mention that, but that’s right…
Ivan Feinseth: And the same thing…
Nick Pinchuk: That’s -- reason I have mentioned is handled by another division. But that’s also true. A lot of this stuff is going to -- the equipment -- the whole equipment line that doesn’t go through the vans is a whole other issue that’s going to need new stuff, because these things are heavy, as you know being a car expert.
Ivan Feinseth: Okay. Well, then, I guess, then the same thing is going to hold true for undercarriage and collision, because the way the EVs are structured and the way you have to repair them around the battery and the whole structure eventually is going to be a huge upgrade cycle for undercarriage and collision, right?
Nick Pinchuk: Correct. Correct. You got it. That’s right. I mean the batteries are, before I -- I think most people don’t realize, how heavy these batteries are actually. There’s a lot of weight underneath that -- under that chassis. So it’s going to be an issue. It’s going to revolutionize garage I believe as things go out. And again, I want to point out that, the OEMs will figure this out early, but then there will be a lot of unforeseen complications that change it again after your first wave of change. So we are pretty pumped. That’s why I say we are entering the golden age of car repair.
Ivan Feinseth: Yeah. Very exciting. Congratulations again and look forward to ongoing success.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A session. I would now like to hand the call back to Sara Verbsky for closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated First Quarter 2022 Results Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. -- excuse me, Ms. Sara Verbsky, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Jess, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s first quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s Chief Executive Officer and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on’s Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick-off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we’ll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding those measures is included in our earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I’d now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks Sara. Good morning everybody. As usual, I'll start the call by covering the highlights of our first quarter and along the way, I'll give you my perspective on our results, they are encouraging. In our market, so looking positive and our progress, we believe we're stronger than ever. We'll also speak about what it all means. We believe it means that we're positioned for more, much more. Then Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. These are interesting times, filled with multiple axes of turbulence, but this isn't our first rodeo. We know it's always something. And it's our job to confront and to overcome with the resilience of our markets, the strength of our strategic and tactical advantages and the insight and energy of our consistent and capable team, and we've done just that. Here are the numbers that support that view. Our reported sales in the quarter of $1.0978 billion were up 7.1%, including $8.5 million in acquisition-related activity of $15.7 million of unfavorable foreign exchange. Organic sales growth was 8% with gains in every group. And compared to the pre-pandemic levels in 2019, our clear upward drive shines right through versus 2019 sales in this past quarter rose 19.1% as reported and 16.9% organically. In fact, it's our seventh straight quarter being above the pre-virus levels. We believe we're continuing an ongoing trend of accelerating expansion, momentum, increasing higher and higher, demonstrating that we're only getting stronger every day. And contributions from our Snap-on Value Creation processes, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation, and rapid continuous improvement, or RCI, all combined to drive that progress, and progress there was. Opco operating income of $223.1 million increased $22.2 million from last year. The operating margin, it was 20.3%, up 70 basis points from last year and 120 basis points from 2019, as adjusted for the favorable legal settlement in that period. For financial services, operating income of $70.4 million increased 7.8% and credit losses were down, continuing the positive trends, despite the lingering effects of the pandemic. And that result combined with opco for a consolidated operating margin of 24.8%, a 90 basis improvement from last year and 120 basis points from the as adjusted 2019 result. First quarter EPS, it was $4, up 14.3% from last year's $3.50 and 32.9% above the as-adjusted $3.01 recorded in 2019. To risk repeating myself, we believe Snap-on is stronger now than when we entered this great withering and our first quarter results are solid testimony. Now let's talk about our markets. Auto repair remains quite resilient. I think, we'd say, spending on vehicle maintenance and repair is up and technicians are earning more than ever. They've been working, performing essential tasks, making a nice living. They're undaunted by the turbulence and they are optimistic about the future of their profession, about the outlook of individual transportation, and about the greater need for their skills as the vehicle part changes with new technology and all of that has led to an expansion in the ranks with the automotive repair technician count moving upward at its highest point for, I think, at least three decades. And as shopowners and managers will tell you, there's a need for many more. Vehicle repair strong -- is a strong and resilient market. You can hear it in our franchisees voices. You could feel it in a technician's wallet, and you can see it written across our numbers. Also in an auto repair, spanning right next to the tax, there are shop owners and managers, where our Repair Systems & Information Group, RS&I applies its trade. Demand for new and used cars is high, despite the limited supply, despite the limited supply. Dealership repair, maintenance and warranty is rebounding, and dealers are starting to invest again. New vehicles are being released with a greater variety of drivetrains, with a greater variety of drivetrains than ever, from internal combustion engines, from internal combustion to hybrid to plug-in electric, to full electric, and the range of options is growing, more driver assist, more vehicle automation, increasing vehicle complexity. To tell you, it's all music to our ears. And we've been able to take advantage with our lineup of intelligent diagnostic products, by including the ZEUS, the TRITON and the APOLLO handheld units, with our celebrated Mitchell1 ProDemand repair information, our award-winning Tru-Point Advanced Driver Assist calibration system, and our 3D alignment systems like the new Hofmann Geoliner, all representing new technologies and big data deployed to make work easier right in the shop. Vehicle repair looks more promising than ever and Snap-on is poised to capitalize. Finally, let's talk about critical industries. With Snap-on rolls out of the garage, solving tests of consequence. This is where C&I operates, the most international of our operations. And these are the customers that continue to be impacted hardest by the lingering virus, but they removed -- they've been recovering. And in the quarter, our results showed that trend. Despite some significant headwinds like supply chain disruption, commodity cost increases, some challenged business sectors like the military and international – international aviation or aerospace, and troubled geographies, conflict impacted countries and those more prone to business interruptions as a means to control the virus. Well, C&I had it all.  Despite the variation, though, we did see growth, improvement in a number of geographies, Asia and Europe and in a range of sectors like general industry, education and natural resources. They all combined to author organic growth against the continuing turbulence. So overall, I'd describe our C&I markets as challenged, but improving.  And looking forward, we believe they represent clear opportunity. Viewing on the overall picture, we believe there's been substantial progress along our runways for growth, enhancing the van network, expanding with repair shop owners and managers, extending to critical industries and building in emerging markets, leveraging our broadening product lines, wielding our strong brand and deploying the increasing understanding of the work that is the hallmark of Snap-On people, even in the throes of the pandemic shock.  Two years ago, as we entered the virus, you all remember this, two years ago when we entered the virus, we recognized the resilience of our market and the strength of our model and projected a V-shaped recovery and that's how it played out. You can see it in the trends.  Now let's turn to the segments. In the C&I Group, first quarter sales were $340.1 million, down $5.6 million due to $9.2 million of unfavorable currency, and $3.6 million or 1.1% -- and a $3.6 million or 1.1% organic growth. As we said, across C&I, results were mixed. But the period did see gains in Asia with Japan, India, South Korea, Thailand, Indonesia, rising. And Europe was also up, with Sweden, Belgium, Poland and France leading the way.  C&I's operating income was $45.7 million, down $5 million, reflecting $2.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency, with the organic volume gains more than offset by supply chain inefficiencies. Now when compared with the pre-pandemic levels of 2019, sales were up 5.5%, including a 3.6% organic gain and the OI margin of 13.4% was down 100 basis points, but against 150 basis points impact of acquisitions and unfavorable currency.  C&I has simply been more affected by the difficulties, macroeconomic challenges, geopolitical uncertainty, varying COVID conditions. It makes sense. But the operation is spread over more countries and more industries. It's challenging, but we are making some headway and we're enthusiastic about the possibilities going forward. As part of that view, we remain committed to extending in Critical Industries, and we'll keep strengthening our position to capture opportunities as they arise and enabling that attempt is our expanding line of innovative new products, designed to match the demands of the industries, industries that we serve and to make critical work easier.  One example is our family of microelectronic torque wrenches. And I've been talking about Snap-On electronic torque products for some time. But these smaller versions of our flagship offerings are gaining particular strength in the critical markets. Our latest, the connected Bluetooth model offers customers a solution when they need torque certification data in real time. The Snap-On Control Tech Micro Bluetooth wrench fills that requirement and combines it with the benefits of reduced size and lower weight, shorter than 12 inches and less than one pound, better accessibility and reduced operator fatigue, all while allowing users to interface with a Snap-on app or directly with customers with the customer's operating system. The ControlTech Micro Bluetooth offers a wide range of torque, five to 240 inch pounds, an all steel body construction, progressive LEDs for an enhanced user guidance and a 72-inch quarter-inch drive enabling efficient operation in tight areas, all with a plus or minus 2% accuracy. It's a package well-suited to critical sectors like aviation. And in the first quarter, our customers' orders confirmed that belief emphatically. Well, that's C&I. Hard one progress against the turbulence. Now on to the Tools Group. Sales of $512.1 million, up $33.8 million, including $3 million of unfavorable currency, and $36.8 million or 7.7% organic gain, double digit growth in the U.S. being partially offset by challenges in the international operations. The operating margin was 22.7%, up 200 basis points from last year's historically high level -- high 20.7%. And compared with the pre-virus levels, sales grew 24.8%, and this year's 22.7% operating margin was up 630 basis points compared with 2019. The Tools Group is -- the Tools Group is responding to the challenges of the day, taking advantage of increasing vehicle complexity, increasing its product advantage, fortifying its brands, and further enabling its franchisees and the results show it. I keep saying that, but that's what's written across our performance this quarter. We do believe our runway for coherent growth, enhancing the franchise network, represents a resilient and expanding opportunity. And we're realizing some of that potential across the van channel. The evidence is unmistakable in our franchisee metrics. Again, this quarter, they remain clearly favorable. And based on those measurements, we believe the franchisees have never been stronger, and they say so themselves emphatically, pumped in time for more that's what they are. And in our direct interactions at events like the past January's kickoff, back again this year in person. It was a great affair, well-attended, strong orders, visible commitment to our brand. Our franchisees, entrepreneurs and professionals all are enabled by their increased selling capabilities, broadly and deeply confident in their prospects, in the company's prospects and eager to reach higher. That's an important factor. And there's a number of reasons for that optimism, but a big one is rooted in Snap-on value creation, customer connection and innovation, authoring new products, clearly making work easier, born out of observing changing work in shops on an everyday basis, just like the franchisees. And that's the reason our tool storage sales were up nicely in the quarter, driven in part by our -- they were driven in part by our exciting new line of mobile carts. Over the last several years, we've been enhancing our carts. One example is our KRSC range of mobile storage solutions, the only professional grade carts in the market, they're built in our Iowa plant. I just saw them running down, I was just there seeing those units roll down the line. The KRSC are designed for maximum strength and durability. They're constructed with a heavy gauge steel, to form a one piece, fully welded body with reinforced corners, and that's a significant and unique benefit in the mobile storage arena. These 30 parts make it easy to move even the heaviest tools from bay-to-bay. They come in an attractive range of colors and trims, just like they are full-sized Big Brother boxes. And they're offered in either a sliding split top, providing usable work surface, while allowing substantial access to the top drawer or a single piece flip flop, allowing quicker and broader access to the most frequently used tools. Our new cart also has -- also features full wide drawers for maximum flexibility and offer power options for charging cordless tools. The KRSC -- the KRSC, you can to say it in these three words, durability, versatility, and functionality. They're great for meeting -- they're great for newer mechanics, as an affordable way to own some serious Snap-on tool storage. And at the same time, they're attractive for veterans. They're attractive for veterans, giving them the opportunity to improve productivity by expanding their mobility around the shop. This quarter, as repair work and tech wages are on the rise, we received record orders, proving that when innovation meets a resilient market, demand follows. We said that vehicle repair was growing was growing, and it is. Complexity would accelerate the market upward and it has. And we're working hard to position our franchisees to take advantage. And you can see it in the Tools Group results, seven straight above pre-pandemic gangbuster's quarters. Now, let's speak of RS&I. First quarter sales rose 50.6% or -- $50.6 million or 14.6% with gains across the board. Organic growth was 13.3%, driven by undercar equipment and OEM dealership activity, delivering double-digit expansion. And by the diagnostics and information products, the independent shops advancing low single-digits. Compared with 2019 sales -- compared with 2019, sales grew $70.3 million, 21.4%, including 56.9% -- including $56.9 million or 17.4% organic gain, $15.2 million from acquisitions and $1.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency. Operating earnings of 91.6% increased $10.2 million from 2021 and the OI margin was 23%, down 40 basis points, but primarily due to acquisitions and the rise of lower-margin undercar equipment. We clearly see the potential of our runways for growth in the RS&I Group, expanding Snap-on's presence in the garage, which coherent acquisitions and a growing line of powerful products. The organic growth in the quarter was broad-based, but once again, undercar equipment expanded at double-digits and progress in one of our newest product groups, collision repair helped author that positive. And we're doubling down on the potential in that arena by utilizing the same broad database with deep content as used in our ProDemand vehicle repair solutions. Big data aimed specifically at the body shop, vehicle measurements to guide body work, repair information to aid in standard shop work, and calibrations to restore the sensor networks that support ADAS or advanced driver assistance systems. It's a combination that's increasingly essential for every collision shop. And we believe it is going to be a big seller. RS&I also got a nice boost from winning a number of significant essential tools and equipment programs for OEM dealerships. As we expected, we started to see new launches for both electric power and for internal combustion vehicles, and RS&I is right at the front. So we're quite positive about RS&I's expanding position with vehicle repair shop owners and managers and are very confident in the opportunities as the vehicle industry evolves. So that's the highlights of our quarter. Progress in the turbulence. C&I, growing despite the headwinds. The Tools Group, strong and confident. RS&I solid. Overall organic sales rising 8%. Opco operating margin, 20.3% and EPS $4, up significantly. And most importantly, more testimony that Snap-on has emerged from the turbulence much stronger than when it entered. It was an encouraging quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on slide six. Net sales of $197.8 million in the quarter increased 7.1% from 2021 levels, reflecting an 8% organic sales gain, an $8.5 million of acquisition-related sales, partially offset by $15.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales gain this quarter principally reflected double-digit growth in the Repair Systems & Information Group, and high single-digit growth in the Snap-on Tools Group. Consolidated gross margin of 48.7% declined 140 basis points from 50.1% last year. Higher material and other costs were partially offset by contributions from the higher sales volumes, pricing actions, benefits from the company's RCI initiatives and 30 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects. In the quarter, we believe the corporation through pricing and RCI actions continued to navigate effectively the cost and other supply chain dynamics of the current environment. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales of 28.4% improved 210 basis points from 30.5% last year. The improvement is primarily due to higher sales volumes, savings from RCI initiatives and lower costs associated with stock-based expenses. These improvements were partially offset by 40 basis points of unfavorable acquisition effects. Operating earnings before financial services of $223.1 million in the quarter compared to $200.9 million in 2021. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 20.3%, improved 70 basis points from last year. Financial services revenue of $87.7 million in the first quarter of 2022 compared to $88.6 million last year. Operating earnings of $70.4 million increased $5.1 million from 2021 levels, primarily reflecting continued favorable portfolio performance, which resulted in lower provisions for credit losses. Consolidated operating earnings of $293.5 million compared to $266.2 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 24.8% improved 90 basis points from 23.9% in 2021. Our first quarter effective income tax rate of 23.7% compared to 23.5% last year. Net earnings of $217.4 million or $4 per diluted share, increased $24.8 million or $0.50 per share from last year's levels, representing a 14.3% increase in diluted earnings per share.  Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the C&I Group on Slide 7. Sales of $340.1 million decreased from $345.7 million last year, reflecting a $3.6 million or 1.1% organic sales gain, which was more than offset by $9.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic growth primarily reflects a double-digit increase in sales in the segment's Asia Pacific operations, partially offset by a mid-single-digit decline in sales to customers in Critical Industries. Within Critical Industries, lower sales to the military more than offset solid gains in general industry and technical education. Gross margin of 36.4% declined 230 basis points from 38.7% in the first quarter of 2021, primarily due to the higher material and other input costs, partially offset by benefits from pricing actions and the segment's RCI initiatives.  Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 23% in the quarter improved 100 basis points from 24% in 2021, primarily reflecting savings from cost efficiencies. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $45.7 million compared to $50.7 million last year. The operating margin of 13.4% compared to 14.7% a year ago. Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-On Tools Group of $512.1 million increased 7.1% from $478.3 million in 2021 reflecting a 7.7% organic sales gain, partially offset by $3 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase reflects a double-digit gain in our US business, partially offset by a low single-digit decline in our international operations.  Sales in the United States were up over Q4, 2021 as well, reflecting strong sequential performance in power tools and tool storage. Gross margin of 45.5% in the quarter declined 40 basis points from last year, primarily due to higher material and other costs, which were more – mostly offset by the higher sales volumes, pricing actions and 30 basis points from favorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 22.8% improved 240 basis points from 25.2% last year, primarily reflecting the higher sales, savings from RCI initiatives and lower stock-based expenses related to the company's franchisee stock plan. Operating earnings for the Snap-On Tools Group of $116 million compared to $98.9 million last year. The operating margin of 22.7% improved 200 basis points from 20.7% last year. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $398.2 million compared to $347.6 million a year ago, reflecting a 13.3% organic sales gain and $8.5 million of acquisition-related sales, partially offset by $3.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic gain is comprised of double-digit increases in sales of undercar equipment and in sales to OEM dealerships, as well as low single-digit gains in sales of diagnostics and repair information products to independent shop owners and managers.  Gross margin of 44.6% declined 140 basis points from 46% last year. This was primarily due to increased sales in lower gross margin businesses and higher material and other input costs, partially offset by benefits from pricing actions and 50 basis points from acquisitions, as well as from 30 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 21.6% improved 100 basis points from 22.6% last year, primarily due to the benefits from sales volume leverage, including higher volumes and lower expense businesses, and savings from RCI initiatives. These improvements were partially offset by 110 basis points of unfavorable acquisition effects. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $91.6 million, compared to $81.4 million last year. The operating margin of 23% compared to 23.4% a year ago. Now turning to slide 10. Revenue from financial services of $87.7 million decreased $900,000 from $88.6 million last year, primarily due to a decline in the size of the average financial services portfolio during the quarter as compared to last year. Financial services operating earnings of $70.4 million, compared to $65.3 million in 2021. Financial services expenses of $17.3 million were down $6 million from 2021 levels, primarily due to $5.6 million of decreased provisions for credit losses, resulting from favorable loan portfolio trends, including reduced year-over-year net charge-offs, which support lower forward-looking estimated reserve requirements. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 0.8% and 1.1% in the first quarter of 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the first quarter of 2022 and 2021, the average yield on finance receivables was 17.6% in both years, while the average yield on contract receivables was 8.5% and 8.4%, respectively. Total loan originations of $245.6 million in the first quarter decreased $16.2 million or 6.2% from 2021 levels, reflecting a 5.1% decrease in origination to finance receivables and 11.5% decrease in originations of contract receivables. In the United States, finance receivable or extended credit originations were down low single digits. Moving to slide 11. Our quarter-end balance sheet includes approximately $2.2 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.9 billion from our US operation. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.6% for US extended credit remained the same as both the fourth quarter of 2021 and as in the first quarter of 2021. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, trailing 12-month net losses of $39.9 million represented 2.34% of outstandings at quarter end, down 21 basis points as compared to the same period last year. Now turning to slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $193.9 million in the quarter compared to $319.3 million last year. The decrease from the first quarter of 2021 primarily reflects a $106.7 million increase in working investment and higher payments for variable compensation, partially offset by increased net earnings. The change in working investment dollars is largely driven by greater demand, resulting in increased receivables and higher levels of inventory this year as compared to a reduction of inventory in 2021. In addition to demand-based requirements, the increase also reflects higher in-transit inventory amounts as well as incremental buffer stocks associated with the supply chain dynamics in the current macro environment. Inventory turns at the end of the first quarter of 2022 are unchanged sequentially. Net cash used by investing activities of $6.6 million included $20.2 million of capital expenditures and net collections of finance receivables of $10.1 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $106.3 million included cash dividends of $75.7 million and repurchase of 136,000 shares of common stock for $28.8 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of year-end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $442.2 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $49 million from 2021 year-end. Days sales outstanding of 61 days compared to 58 days at 2021 year-end. Inventories increased $60.3 million for 2021 year-end. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.8% were the same as year-end 2021 and compared to 2.6% at the end of the first quarter in 2021. Our quarter end cash position of $861.1 million compared to $270 million at year-end 2021. Our net debt-to-capital ratio of 7.4% compared to 9.1% at year-end 2021. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million under our credit facilities. As of quarter end, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility, and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2022. We anticipate that capital expenditures will be in a range of $90 million to $100 million. In addition, we currently anticipate, absent any changes to the US tax legislation, that our full year 2022 effective income tax rate will be in the range of 23% to 24%. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, that's our first quarter. At some level, we could summarize the environment by these are interesting times and the hits they just keep on coming. But despite the challenges, the quarters are pretty much playing out as we said they would. The Snap-on team is prevailing against multiple axes of turbulence. Our markets are resilient, with their essential nature shining through, repair spending is up, tech numbers growing, wages rising, and the increasing complexity, electric vehicles, plug-in hybrids, improved internal combustion power plants and ADAS, it's all driving demand. And our continuing investments in product and brand and people, all through the pandemic is paying off. Our franchisees are selling more effectively and are prospering. And we've come out of this great withering stronger than when we entered. C&I, seeing the most turbulence, borne out of the multiple geographies, a range of industries and a wide product footprint, serious challenges, but still progressed, up 1.1% organically in the quarter. The Tools Group, prospering. Sales up 7.7% versus last year, rising 24.1% over 2019. OI margin, 22.7%, up 200 basis points from last year. RS&I, 13.3% growth, OI margin, 23%, down 40 basis points, but more than explained by acquisitions and business mix, the credit company, profits up, losses down, and it all came together for an overall organic growth of 8%. And opco OI margins of 20.3%, up 70 basis points year-over-year and rising 120 basis points compared with before the – before the pandemic as adjusted and an EPS of $4, up versus every comparison. It was an encouraging quarter. We have momentum. And looking forward, we are optimistic and confident. Confident in the special resilience and potential of our markets, confident in the power of our strategic and tactical advantages, and confident in the capability of our people and experienced team that sees progress against turbulence as fundamental to their expectations. And we believe that unique combination – that unique combination, turbulence tested, will propel us to -- to a consistent and ongoing positive trend throughout 2022, and well beyond that. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly to our franchisees and associates, many of you I know are listening. When we say we are encouraged, optimistic and confident, it's deeply rooted in your extraordinary capability and energy. For the part you've played in our success, you have my congratulations. For the skills you bring to our enterprise, you have my admiration. And for the commitment you unfailingly display to our team, you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We'll move to our first question comes from Gary Prestopino of Barrington Research. Gary, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Gary Prestopino: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Gary.
Gary Prestopino: Nick, could I just get – or from Aldo, a couple of – I couldn’t write down fast enough on both the C&I and the RS&I business, what was the growth in organic sales versus Q1 2019 pre-pandemic levels?
Nick Pinchuk: For C&I, it was 3.6% and I think in RS& I, I believe, 17.4%.
Aldo Pagliari: Yeah. 17.4%, absolutely right.
Nick Pinchuk: Thank you.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Okay. Thank you. Could you maybe just talk about how the cadence of your business trended in – on Continental Europe and the UK throughout the quarter? Did it start off strong and start to wane, because of the impacts of what was going on in Ukraine and the Russia sanctions?
Nick Pinchuk: No. Look, I don't think the Ukraine reached that far for us. We didn't see the conflict in Eastern Europe reaching that far. UK was soft in this quarter, pretty much a lot of different places. And what we see happening, I think, is our opinion is, the problems or the turbulence associated with the Brexit problems weren't solved during the pandemic, and they're starting to emerge a little bit more in that place. So I don't know. We don't really see that. It was pretty much off throughout the quarter. And it was down. I think it was kind of weaker last quarter too. I think the international business had some issues last quarter, particularly in the Tools Group. So that – we really didn't see any, I would say, landscaping by calendarization in this quarter.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then a couple of more questions here. On – in the Tools Group itself or really across all of your automotive-related segments, what kind of demand are you seeing for specialized tools? And if you could cite some things that deal with EVs, plug-in EVs, hybrids, things like that. I think they were about -- made up about 9% of all new car sales last year. So, they're starting to get to a bigger percentage of what's at least being produced.
Nick Pinchuk: They are. Those are new car sales, but they are relatively micro percentage of the car park itself. So, we -- our world reacts in it. They are -- new car sales, if you remember, are like what I think there were 14 and change last year, 15 and change this year, and 9% of that, but that's versus $283 million of total vehicle park. But where we see them is -- where we see the most, Gary, is and we're getting a lot of business in what I would call the early warning where the OEMs are seeing the idiosyncrasies associated with the electric vehicles, asking us to provide different kinds of tools for dealerships that aren't normally there to accommodate them as they come in, when they come in. And so that's what I mentioned in RS&I, that business actually was up strong -- that particular business, the project business was off strong double-digits in the quarter. And it led the way for ours. One of the things that drove it. And a big -- a portion of that was electric vehicles, like I said, we have things. Some people will ask us to do the hand tools and particular types of products to deal with the battery and other things that tend to be, as I said, specifically to electric vehicles and the OEMs figure that they wouldn't be available in the dealership. So, they have ask us to tie the dealership in those ways.
Gary Prestopino: Is there anything on the diagnostics side that you're seeing? There's a demand or need for that you supply to that segment of the market?
Nick Pinchuk: The diagnostic systems, although -- the category electric vehicles rolls right in that naturally. There isn't anything particularly about electric vehicles that are different for our diagnostic systems, except for the data you load on the diagnostics. And so those things are happening for us. But the same kind of bodies and so on will work, the same kind of approach in terms of diagnostics is just you have to expand that what do we have, like 2.5 billion repair records and 240 billion or 250 billion data points, and that just keeps growing to include electric vehicles, including plug-in hybrids. If you look at the plug-in hybrid volume and the hybrid volume, they exploded last year too in Europe.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then I'm sorry, Nick, I didn't mean to interrupt you. Just last question. Okay. Last question, I'll jump off. In terms of tool storage, years ago when tool store, which was really driving the boat in the tools segment. Has that come down as a percentage of sales overall and it's become a little bit more diversified on the growth side?
Nick Pinchuk: Actually, well, every quarter is a new story and you can't get excited about any quarter. But I would say the word to describe tool storage sales for us in this quarter is Boom Shaka Laka. The thing is it was up strong. It was one of our stronger categories. So, big ticket was up. The thing is you might ask why weren't originations up. And part of the reason is that when I was talking about tool carts are lower in terms of their per unit sales price. That's why they sweep in all these new technicians. So, via the carts we're getting new customers as well as selling some and raising our sales to old customers, because they're veterans and they want more mobility. But the new guys couldn't afford it, maybe I can't afford a Snap-On box for them. We're going to get a Snap-On quality professional cart that passes for a Snap-On box. That's partially why our tool storage went great in the quarter.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open. 
Christopher Glynn: Yes. Thanks, good morning. So on SOT and this kind of growth that's been enabled here, seeing some of the administrative processes and driving front-end production and ease for the franchisees is part of the story. Curious your response to that and if there's any specific color and sense of headroom on that curve?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, the franchisees are telling me demand is off the charts. They're telling me they want more. I was just on a van down in Arkansas. And this guy tells me, he says, at the SFC, I ordered 45 full-size boxes, 45 boxes and you already see order at the SFC and they get delivered over the fall. He is out of them, and he wants more, because the guys are asking them. So, I'm telling you, I think this is why we try to emphasize this people are driving after the pandemic. And the new technology is driving demand, focusing on driving a need for people, who can handle the complexity, focusing on the importance of technicians and their wallets are burgeoning with higher wages and more work and they’re looking for more of the stuff.  So our task is to be able to get our franchisees to deal with the higher sales, to be more efficient. And it seems like that's working. And to crank up the capacity to match that situation. That's what we're doing. And of course, you have to have new products. One of the great advantage that's why I talked about the carts, because we had that old segment that we were getting to, but we wanted to get to more in the carts hit them right in the bull's eye. And so that worked pretty well for us.  So those are the kinds of things that are happening there. I think we could have -- I think look, the Tools Group is leaving pre-pandemic levels behind. If you think about their numbers look, I think they are -- if you think about the last five quarters, they were 10, 15, 20, 21 and 24 versus pre-pandemic levels. They're just expanding and expanding their lead.  The second derivative is growing in the Tools Group. So – and that's driven by this resilient markets and our ability – our new ability to expand the franchisees' capabilities and our new products. We're running to try to keep up. 
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thank you for that color. And just a couple on price and the 8% organic any sense of what the mix split of volume and price was there? And...
Nick Pinchuk: Go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Yes. Okay. So yes, just any comment there. And also, curious if you're seeing any pockets within that where you're seeing area is elastic to price this area looks completely inelastic, will price more. So...
Nick Pinchuk: We don't see that at all. Snap-On sets the price. One of the things is we control the customer interface. So fundamentally, we're the price leader. And so, we can do that. I mean you have to keep -- there is a point of irritation, I suppose, but we're not seeing that in this situation. But the thing about it, Chris is we have three mechanisms for pricing and they aren't also straightforward to the customer or even easy to measure.  First, we do have list price increases, which we do, do. Then we have the idea, we roll out new products like these new products associated with new carts and newly enhanced carts. Well, I assure you in an inflationary time, we get our value for those new carts. And so that tends to give us nice margin. And then there's the idea of every week on a van, there are a couple of promotions, and those promotions can be rich or lean. Now the problem is the list price, there can be variations in discounts off the list price that happen. There can be take up on promotions that are high or low, depending on the individual promotion. And there can be variations around the margins and what do you call it, whether you say that price comes out of the fact that I've got the new power tool -- power bank option on a tool storage or just because I've pushed up the pricing, it's hard to measure those things. But what I will offer is whatever happens, we like it, because the margins in the Tools Group were 22.7%, all time high.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning everyone. Nice quarter, Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi there.
David MacGregor: Yeah, nice quarter, remarkable given the 25% year ago growth and then the systems outage during the quarter. How much of this growth was due to the timing of shipments? I mean, responding to the previous question, you were talking about your guy down in Arkansas waiting for his boxes. I mean, how much of the growth was due to the timing of shipments that were delayed from 4Q when you reported US…
Nick Pinchuk: No. Actually, you could ask that question in the same way. I mean the point is that I would say our calendarization of shipments were because of the interruption were pushed a little bit deeper into the quarter. So we might -- you might have argued we could have shipped more if we didn't have -- I think the way the interruption occurred, we kept -- pretty much kept selling in prior ways, but I would call nonstandard work in the terms of kaizen, and it could cause a little inefficiency. And our factories kept rolling pretty much, but the shipping was a little bit up and down in this period. So there was a little bit of back-end loading in this. So it didn't come out of the fourth quarter. It wasn't an overrun from the fourth quarter and diminishing if anything, things are getting higher. I think probably if you ask the franchisees. The franchisees, I talk to were all screaming, telling me, can you give me more. Do you have any influence in the factories, Nick Pinchuk? And so those kinds of things are those questions. Yeah, Aldo says, no. But that's really -- I don't think there's anything -- I don't think there's any story there actually, in that situation.
David MacGregor: Nick, how much were off the truck sales up?
Nick Pinchuk: Off the truck sales were up not as high as our own sales. They go up and down in situations. But a lot of that -- some of that has to do with the calendarization of the deliveries that came off over there. But inventories are -- I think inventories are on a nice level. The inventory turnovers are up nicely from pre-pandemic levels. So we feel pretty good about that situation. You could argue whether we want large inventories on a truck or not. I'm more for a large inventory guy, and it's a little bit lower than I'd like it to be. But still, I think sales off the truck, we're moving along, not as high as the Tools Group though, in this quarter. But if you look back every year, it always evens out. Every quarter, there's some little story around it, but it always generally evens out. We wouldn't let it get out of whack.
David MacGregor: Okay. And can you just talk about the systems outage during the quarter and the impact that might have had and other growth or profitability? And did that out to result in maybe a little bit of push forward into 2Q?
Nick Pinchuk: David, I don't know. You get one of these things, and it's like red alert. I remember, I stayed up all night on this situation, watching the effect, and we were -- credit to our team. They were really professional. We were back up able to do stuff right away. Now in a non-standard way, but part of it is it didn't really interrupt us very much. The big interruption, I think, was the calendarization of the shipping. And I would say, well, non-standard work is less efficient. That's why we call it standard work in terms of continuous improvement. So it's inefficient, but you still accomplish your goal. We said the number one priority was to deliver to our customers, and we generally did. Maybe we could have done a little more, I don't know. But the point is -- so I don't think -- if you step back and look at the numbers, you say, well, it doesn't look like, I can see a lot of effect there. But I assure you, there's extra cost in those numbers associated with this. I don't know if we've dimensioned it all, because it's hard to capture it all. When franchisees have to be serviced by the field, because their approach is non-standard, they're still servicing, they're still selling, but it's non-standard. Then what's that cost? It's hard to capture it. But we don't really spin our wheel thinking about that, because 20.7% OI margin.
David MacGregor: Great. And just on those costs. I mean, your operating expenses and tools of 22.8%, you're down 240 basis points, which is pretty remarkable. But despite the systems outage and all the incremental costs you just referenced, you're saying, it would have actually been better?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, yes, I think there might have been some of that. I don't know. I don't want to comment on that. We're not giving guidance on what the OE margins will be. I may decide to spend -- we may decide to have a big party or something at some point. I don’t know, but for the franchise, but look, I think we certainly, in the quarter, we don't manage -- David, we don't manage the gross margin or the OE -- OI -- OE. We manage the OI. That's how we measure it, because when you're in inflationary times, the price goes up, there's no real -- usually, when you have commodity price goes up, there's no real cost increase in your support. On top of that, we have -- we have, as you said, the interruption which would have cost us something. So there's a complex cocktail there. So we look at, boy, and our divisions look at, give me OE, give me OI.
David MacGregor: Okay. Good. That's all I’ve got. Thanks very much for taking my question.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay. Thanks David.
Operator: Our next question comes from Luke Junk of Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Luke Junk: Nick, Aldo, good morning.
Nick Pinchuk: Luke, good morning.
Luke Junk: I wanted to start this morning with the market turbulence you're going through right now. And what I'm wondering is, to what extent does the fact that inflation is obviously very highly visible right now help you to manage through the current environment? And specifically, are there ways that you changed your approach to price cost in an environment where inflation is as top of mind as it is right now for franchisees and your customers?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, it makes it a lot easier. We've always said, for a dog's age, that we can price for visible inflation. So it helps. If everybody is getting up and looking at the paper or watching TV or looking at their iPhone and getting hearing, hey, the costs are going through the roof inflation going wow. So people tend to be more receptive to those kinds of things, and they tend to realize that that's a bargain even at a higher price. So we do that. The other thing is, as I said, this in our first rodeo. And one of the things I learned back in the Carter era, which I hate to say that even than I was senting during that period, they -- it's about urgency. It's about riding to the sound of guns. And we get right on. When we see costs going up, we're out there working on it right away, either's a continuous improvement, either redesigning. For example, we've done a lot of effort redesigning our products around chips that are available. It's not even the cost. Steel is starting to peak a little bit. But you can't get stuff, so you're out buying it on a stock market. So it's not the base cost of things, but its how you have to buy it. We tend to make sure we can deliver. So we buy on the stock market. So, for example, I just reviewed a bunch of new air conditioning units where we redesigned them all and redesigned particularly three -- or three or four, all the electronics inside to get chips that we could use. We're doing the same kind of thing in diagnostics and in our undercar equipment. So those are the kinds of things you got to do, but you got to do it with alacrity.
Luke Junk: Okay. Thanks, Nick. Maybe a related question for Aldo. I'm wondering, if we look at outside of the Tools Group, to what extent does your ability to manage price costs differ by segment? If I look at some of the key considerations in C&I and RS&I relative to the dynamics in the Tools Group, are there any key differences that we should be thinking through either tactically or structurally?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, yes. I'd say, broadly speaking, Luke, is that RS&I and C&I, when they do have to entertain pricing actions, there is a lag basis. And the reason for that is, unless you're going to invoke force majeure, which you don't want to, if you don't have to. Sometimes you have one-year contracts in place with certain key customers, national accounts or certain large industrial customers. Oftentimes, we have distribution relationships, who have a requirement of a 60, 90-day advance notice. So you have to be more measured and because they don't use as exclusively the Snap-on brand. The Snap-on brand is a very powerful brand, which the Tools Group does enjoy. You make the case at C&I and RS&I a little bit more mortal when they walk around the immortality of the Tools Group. They have to be cognizant of what's happening in and around them, because they don't operate in a vacuum. There's some big competitors in and around them. So they can not make pricing decisions in a vacuum so to speak. As Nick mentioned earlier, you can argue Snap-on and the Tools Group is the price leader and it sets the umbrella for others. In the case of C&I and RS&I, I think they have to be cognizant that they're a major player and they are an influencer, but they do not walk alone.
Luke Junk: Yes. Really appreciate that. All those super helpful color. Last question, I just want to ask something a little bigger picture. Nick, you had mentioned last quarter that you were taking a more refined approach to data mining as an area as it is right now. And just wondering if there's any color you can share there on specific areas where you see the opportunity to be, I guess, I'd call it smarter in the tools business or alternatively, any areas where you're already seeing traction ultimately? Just trying to get a feel of where you're leaning in with this initiative. Thanks.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, the whole purpose of that is to try to model the individual customer -- by individual to try to call in the air strikes of the selling approach for the van driver, so that his selling will be more efficient, and therefore, he can call and spend more times with tougher customers, reach more customers, and that is the principal focus of that. That's what I can share with you. And we're making progress in that regard, but I don't really have any palpable things to report. We've been a little busy this quarter. So -- but still, we're working on that, but I don't have anything to lay out, just about the principal focus. And we're kind of optimistic that it will work, because if anybody's got a database about people, about technicians. If anybody knows technicians, it's Snap-on.
Luke Junk: Looking good. Well, interesting stuff. We will stay tuned. Thanks for that Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay. Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi, Bret.
Bret Jordan: One more question, I guess, on pricing, trying to sort of distill it down some. Obviously, lots of labor and materials and supply chain expenses. And I get your point about sort of mix can change or you throw in a free – extra charger to enhance the value proposition. But, is there any sort of base way to look at like a like-for-like screw driver versus a screwdriver in the prior year period on price? I just sort of try to get a feeling for what that contribution was to organic.
Nick Pinchuk: And we've thought about that. I don't think I can help you. It's just too complex. I mean we raised, we raised the list price. But even the list price raise doesn't necessarily make it through. It tends to move it up in varying places depending on the product line. So it's hard to measure really. And the point about the individual promotions, they just vary all over the place. We simply manage on a macro basis, because when you got when you got trucks that have 4,000 SKUs on the truck and have a catalog of 40,000 SKUs, it's kind of a fool's errand to try to figure all this out, try to get macro out of the individual. We simply try to measure how we're doing and try to see what worked before and try to make sure that we get pricing along all those quarters, list, promotions and new products. And believe that it's going to get us in the right situation. And generally, so far, it has. Our own sales if you look at the sales for Snap-on in terms of growth – it was – I think our five quarters were 9%, 10%, 11%, 13% and now 16.9% above pre-pandemic levels. So somehow it's expanding growth. And not all of that is pricing because you can see the margins go up right in tune with it.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then one big picture question. I guess, as you talk about the increasing vehicle complexity and sort of the shortage of technicians and the aging demographic. Are you seeing any sort of change in total shop rooftops? And are big groups getting bigger as they've got access to the diagnostics and the technology, or is it pretty even?
Nick Pinchuk: I would have said that maybe before the pandemic, but I'm not seeing it now so much. I don't know. But you might say, I do think – I will say to you, I think service doesn't scale so easily. It has – that's been a problem in many industries. So I'm not so sure. Collision scales because it's almost like manufacturing in a lot of ways. But the service is a little tougher to scale, I think. So I don't know how much of that we'll see unless you see like a specialized group. Now maybe we will, and we have those as our customers, too. We do see multiple shops, but they don't seem to be very, let's say, nationwide or anything like that. Sometimes, we're seeing some opportunities call, localized multi-location situations. Mitchell One has made a meal out of that with their ProDemand, and those things have worked there. But in terms of the franchisees, I don't think they report that so much.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Sarah Park with Bank of America. Sarah, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Sarah Park: Hi. This is Sarah Park on for Liz Suzuki. I think you had mentioned this a little bit earlier, but I was just been wondering if you could speak to any kind of like material disruption in March from the security breach and network shutdown, if you have any more color on that? That would be helpful.
Nick Pinchuk: Well. No. Actually, I don't think – there were what I would call non-standard ways of operating and serving our customers for a matter of days, not weeks. And as I said before, it principally set back the shipping processes, whereby, the calendarization of the quarter shipments tended to coagulate around at the rear end. But generally, we did not -- we didn't have any -- we didn't really have real disruption and there's been a lot of speculation, but we were hacked, a ransomware company. We didn't pay ransom. We didn't have to pay a ransom in this situation. And so we felt we got out of this and managed it pretty well. So that's really the story there, inefficiencies more than disruption and recalendarization.
Sarah Park: Thank you.
Operator: With no other questions holding, I will now turn the conference back to Ms. Verbsky for any additional or closing comments.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Snap-on Inc. 2021 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Sara Verbsky, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Christina and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's fourth quarter and full year results which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding those measures is included in our earnings release issued today which can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. Today, I'll start with a view of our fourth quarter, give you an update on the environment and the trends we see and I'll take you through some of the turbulence we've overcome and the advancements we've made and Aldo will then, as usual, give you a more detailed review of the financials. The fourth quarter was encouraging. It affirm the characteristics that make Snap-on the company we know it to be, the resilience of our markets, the power of our strategic position and the consistent and capable execution of our teams. It all added up to momentum, cutting through the challenges and the numbers testified to just that. Our reported sales in the quarter of $1,108.3 million were up 3.2%, including $12.2 million from acquisitions being offset by $3 million of unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Organically, our sales grew by 2.3%. Importantly, if you compare to the prepandemic levels of 2019, before the period-to-period variability of last year, you see a clear and unmistakable upward drive. Versus 2019, sales in this past quarter were up 16% as reported and 13% organically, continuing an ongoing trend of accelerating expansion, increasing higher and higher over pre-COVID levels. The quarter also bears the marks of the Snap-on value creation processes. Safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement, or RCI, as we call it, all combining to offer significant progress. The progress, there was. Opco operating income of $232.2 million was up $16.16 million point from last year and the OI margin was 21%, an all-time high, up 90 basis points from last year and 310 basis points from 2019, all achieved by overcoming the challenges of this day. For financial services, operating income of $67.2 million was down from the $68.5 million of last year. But delinquencies in the quarter were below both 2020 and those of 2019, an ongoing testament to our unique business model and it's ability to navigate through the most threatening of environments. And the combination of results from opco and financial services offered an overall consolidated operating margin of 25.1%, up from the 24.4% of last year and the 22.5% recorded in 2019. Our quarterly EPS was $4.10, well over the $3.82 of a year ago which included a $0.02 charge for restructuring. And that $4.10 was up 33.1% over 2019, a considerable gain in my book. Those are the numbers. Now, let's speak about the markets. We do believe the auto repair environment continues to be favorable. In the areas serving vehicle OEMs and dealerships, we do see some turbulence. New car sales around the world remain mixed, with China generally progressing but both North America and Europe having a tough fourth quarter. Overall volume below the 2019 levels and some new model releases and features were delayed by supply chain constraints and that impacted the associated essential tool programs that we are involved in. OEM projects aside, however, dealership repair, maintenance and warranty are all healthy. Techs are seeing good times and the dealers are looking to support their expansion in their shop. In effect, the OEM market is mixed but technicians are quite positive. There's a growing appetite for repair shop equipment but essential tool programs are attenuated. Now in the independent repair shop, it's a horse of a different color. Confidence is uniformly sky high. Based on what we hear from our franchisees, shop owners and technicians, optimism and independent repair shop continues to be strong. And our sales in that sector may reflect that confidence. So we believe, on balance, vehicle repair is a great place to operate for our tools too and for our Repair System & Information or RS&I Group. The critical industries where our Commercial & Industrial group play or C&I plays, we are seeing areas of progress but the lingering effects of virus have created headwinds. And the results in the quarter showed that trend with variations from country to country. A recovery in Asia and emerging markets but Europe being quite mixed. There are also differences from sector to sector. Education, natural resources and general industry showing improvement while the military spending continues to experience, what I'd say, a substantial challenges. Overall, however, I would describe our C&I markets as holding their own against the turbulence, public variation. We do believe we're well positioned and I think the numbers say this, to confront the challenges of this time, advancing a long ways for growth. We're also confident that we have continuing potential on our runways for improvement. The Snap-on Value Creation processes, they're a constant fuel for our progress, especially customer connection, understanding the work of professional technicians; and innovation, matching that insight to technology. We believe our product lineup just keeps getting stronger every day and we keep investing to make it so. Vehicles are rising in complexity, technicians needs assistance and so products are becoming more sophisticated to match the changing requirements and Snap-on is keeping pace. In 2021, we had more hit $1 million projects than ever before. We've endeavored through the virus era to maintain our product, our brand, I've spoken of this before. And the virus era, we've endeavored to maintain our product, our brand and our people. And we believe that continuing commitment has served us well, offering positive results and creating substantial momentum for the days ahead. And that momentum is apparent in our full year results. Sales of $4,252 million, up 18.4% including an organic increase of 15.1% compared to last year and a 14% organic gain over 2019. Strong numbers. The as-reported opco OI margin for the year was 20%, a new high, up from the 17.6% of 2020, exceeding the 19.2% of the prepandemic 2019. As-reported earnings per share for the year were $14.92, up 30.4%, or 28.3% as adjusted for the nonrecurring restructuring and the restructuring in 2020 and up 21.7% as adjusted from 2019. All clear signs of ongoing momentum. Now, for the operating groups. Let's start with C&I. Fourth quarter sales of $358.7 million for the group were down $5.7 million, including $4.1 million of unfavorable currency. Versus 2019, sales grew $5.8 million, reflecting primarily acquisition volume and currency impact. The period saw a recovery in Asia with Indonesia. And in the quarter, we saw -- we did see a recovery in Asia with Indonesia, India, Japan, South Korea and China rising. Europe and North America were more impacted by the environment and were down slightly in the quarter. Looking at the sectors, nice progress with our precision -- was achieved in our precision torque line. And that progress was -- but that progress was more than offset by lower critical industry activity attenuated in those critical industries, primarily by lower U.S. military spending and by supply chain-driven constraints and in the custom kitting area. C&I operating income was $50.1 million, down $6.1 million, including $1.2 million of unfavorable currency. The gains in Asia and the torque were more than offset by the reduced military activity in the industrial kitting constraints. As I mentioned, however, specialty torque -- the specialty torque operation did register continuing progress driven by innovative new products, developed through customer connection and observational work. Great offerings like our recently released QB4R line of 3/4-inch Drive Break-Over Torque Wrenches, capable of -- this wrench is capable of accurately fastening from 450- to 750-pound feet. It's designed specifically for heavy-duty applications, tough jobs such as torquing lug nuts on big trucks. The new unit combines our Norbar, our regionally acquired Norbar industrial torque technology with a robust ratchet designs produced on Elizabeth and Tennessee factory. Those original light vehicle ratcheting mechanisms of our Tennessee plant were reengineered for higher tension heavy requirements and were directly matched to our unique Norbar breakover device which provides a clear indication that the torque target has been reached, ensuring reliable accuracy every time. The ratchet design with our patent steel head is rugged, capable of withstanding very high stresses and has an easy-to-read adjustment mechanism that reduces the possibility of error and is virtually maintenance-free. The new wrench also has a quick release feature for easy disassembly, compact storage and great portability. The Snap-on QB4R, we like to say strength, accuracy and convenience. And as you might expect, sales have been strong. As the need for precision increases, torque products are becoming more prominent and Snap-on is playing an active role in that rise. C&I, mixed results but significant areas of progress boding well for it's future. Now let's go on to the Tools Group. Sales of $504.8 million, up $9.9 million, including favorable currency and a $7.9 million organic rise from continued expansion in the U.S., a positive that was somewhat attenuated this quarter by a low single-digit decline in the international networks. But versus 2019, a more comparable base, the Tools Group rose 21.5% and has been up now from prepandemic levels for six straight quarters. And the operating margin was 21.9%, easily one of the highest ever, up 300 basis points from last year, all despite the ongoing challenges of this day. We have continued to invest in product, brand and people. And the Tools Group has used that focus to advantage. The expanding and considerable gains from the time before the virus makes that clear. In the quarter and throughout the year, the Tools Group results continue to confirm the leadership position of our van network. We believe the franchisees are growing stronger and that's evidenced in the franchisee health metrics we monitor each period. They're on an unmistakably favorable trend. And that positivity was acknowledged by multiple publications, all this thing Snap-on as a franchise of choice. This quarter, we were once again ranked among the top franchise organizations, both in the U.S. and abroad, recognized by the Franchise Business Review which in it's latest ranking for franchisee satisfaction, listed Snap-on as the top 50 franchise for the 15th consecutive year. We're also featured at number three among all franchises in Entrepreneurial Magazine's 2020 list of top franchises for veterans. And abroad, Snap-on was ranked number two in Elite Franchise Magazine's top U.K. franchises. The judges in that ranking state that the durability and innovation shown in the face of unimaginable circumstances are what is decided in this year's top 10 and the panel was right on. Durability and innovation are what makes the Tools Group -- what marks the Tools Group in the storm is clear. Now this type of recognition is a point of pride for us but it reflects the fundamental strength of our franchisees and of our van business in general but it would not have been achieved without a continuous stream of innovative new products developed through our strong customer connections, learning and leading to multiple new problem solving innovations. And the results of our insight in experience in the changing universe of vehicle repair. Customer connection gives us a great window on that changing universe and we put it to good use. Our sales of hand tools were up nicely in the quarter. And of course, new products led the way there. Our innovative 30, LS, DM, core half-inch drive impact sockets were a significant contributor. Born out of customer connection, observing the work in automotive shops, the special sockets, they range from to 17 to 22 millimeters, come with an extra deep hex, up to 3/4 inch deeper, accommodating the lug nuts with decorative caps that are becoming so common on the latest models. The new sockets provide the clearance needed to fit right over those nut covers without damage, grab the lug and enable quick removal without having to remove the caps. It saves techs significant time over a day of repair activity. They made right here in our Milwaukee plant. They released just this past quarter and initial sales have been gangbusters, I'm telling you. And making those sales have made that new socket line a hit product just in the volume in the fourth quarter. Accelerated sales. Well, that's the Tools Group, expanding the success in the U.S., balancing the international operations, continuing to innovate, building on our underlying advantages, stronger-than-ever performance all achieved against the wind. Now for RS&I; volume for the fourth quarter was $392.5 million, up 8.7%, including acquisitions and 5.5% of organic growth with gains in sales of modern car equipment, increased volume of handheld diagnostics and the rise of information and data subscriptions being partially offset by a decrease in our business focused on vehicle OEMs and dealerships. RS&I operating margins of $97.2 million rose $7.2 million or 8% versus 2020. And that number in 2020 included $1 million of restructuring costs. Compared with the prepandemic levels of 2019, sales grew $57.5 million, 17.2%, including a $43.7 million or 13% organic gain. And the RS&I gross OI margin of 24.8% compared with a 24.9% and a 26% registered in 2020 and 2010, respectively, with the impact of acquisitions attenuating a generally positive balance for the operations. Again, software products and subscriptions for RS&I were a significant plus. Along those lines, I'll mention one division, providing software to independent shops, continue to succeed, pursuing customer connection and innovation, launching great new products to improve shop efficiency. RS&I just added more powerful and exclusive features to it's award-winning Mitchell 1 ProDemand auto repair information software. You see, as auto electronics have expanded, wiring diagrams have become of rising importance in vehicle diagnosis and repair. And the new ProDemand significantly advances what is already a clear lead from Mitchell 1 in diagram navigation, offering new features that provide interactive drop-downs, display connection data, allow easy movement to the next diagram on the diagnostic trail and enable a seamless recall of previous viewed circuits should a look-back be needed in the repair process. And as you might expect, the initial reactions to the new updates have been quite enthusiastic from both the shops and from the technicians. It's all music to our ears. We keep driving to expand RS&I's position with repair shop owners and managers, offering them more and more solutions for their day-to-day challenges, developed by our value creation processes or added by our strategic coherent acquisitions. And we're confident it's a winning formula. So those are the highlights of the quarter, doing what we expect to do, achieve ongoing process again -- achieve ongoing progress against the storm. A continuing rise versus the prepandemic levels, up more each quarter now for several straight periods. Gains forged through our Snap-on Value Creation processes, strengthening our business and driving to a 21% opco operating margin, up 90 basis points. A new record. EPS $4.10, a considerable rise to new heights, overcoming all headwinds and demonstrating continued confirmation that Snap-on has emerged from the pandemic much stronger than when we entered with the momentum that we're confident will propel us to even higher heights as we move forward. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the resilience and continued strength of our business model enabled Snap-on to close the year with another period of robust financial performance. The quarter also compared favorably with the fourth quarter of 2019 which being a pre-COVID-19 time period, in some cases, may serve to be the more meaningful baseline. Net sales of $1,108.3 million in the quarter increased 3.2% from 2020 levels, reflecting a 2.3% organic sales gain and a $12.2 million of acquisition-related sales, partially offset by $3 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Additionally, net sales in the period increased 16% from $955.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, including a 13% organic gain, $20.9 million of acquisition-related sales and $7.1 million of favorable foreign currency translation. In both comparisons, the organic gains more than offset lower sales for the military. Consolidated gross margin of 48.1% improved 10 basis points from 48% last year. The gross margin contributions from the higher sales volume, pricing actions, 30 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects and benefits from the company's RCI initiatives offset higher material and other costs. For the quarter, the corporation continued to navigate effectively the supply chain dynamics associated with the global pandemic. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales of 27.1%, improved 80 basis points from 27.9% last year which included 10 basis points of cost from restructuring actions. The improvement is primarily due to higher sales volumes, partially offset by 40 basis points of unfavorable acquisition effect. Operating earnings before financial services of $232.2 million compared to $216.2 million in 2020 and $171.4 million in 2019, reflecting an improvement of 7.4% and 35.5%, respectively. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 21% improved 90 basis points from last year and 310 basis points from 2019. The operating company margin of 21% represents the highest quarterly level of profitability in Snap-on's modern day history. Financial services revenue of $86.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to $93.4 million last year which included an extra week of interest income associated with the 53rd week 2020 fiscal calendar. Operating earnings of $67.2 million decreased $1.3 million from 2020 levels, reflecting the lower revenue, partially offset by lower provisions for credit losses. Consolidated operating earnings of $299.4 million increased 5.2% from $284.7 million last year and 28.2% from $233.6 million in 2019. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 25.1% compared to 24.4% in 2020 and 22.5% in 2019. Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate of 22.3% compared to 21.8% last year which includes a 10 basis point increase related to the restructuring actions. Net earnings of $223.7 million or $4.10 per diluted share increased $14.8 million or $0.28 per share from last year's levels, representing a 7.3% increase in diluted earnings per year. As compared to the fourth quarter 2019, net earnings increased $53.1 million or $1.02 per share, representing a 33.1% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now let's turn to our segment results, starting with the C&I group on Slide 7. Sales of $358.7 million decreased from $364.4 million last year, reflecting a $1.6 million organic sales decline and $4.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic decrease primarily reflects a low single-digit decline in sales to customers in critical industries. Within critical industries, lower sales to the military were partially offset by gains in general industry and technical education as well as by improved sales into oil and gas applications. As a further comparison, net sales in the period increased 1.6% from 2016 levels, reflecting $8.7 million of acquisition-related sales and $3.8 million of favorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by a $6.7 million organic sales decline. As compared to 2019, sales in our European-based hand tools business were up mid-teens. Those gains were more than offset by lower activity with the military. As you may recall, the fourth quarter of 2019 included sales for a major project that is substantially complete. Gross margin of 36.5% declined 130 basis points from 37.8% in the fourth quarter of 2020 primarily due to the higher material and other costs, partially offset by benefits from RCI initiatives. While pricing actions have been taken in this segment to help offset the increasing cost, the longer-term nature of certain customer agreements affects the timing of price realization. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 22.5% in the quarter compared to 22.4% last year. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $50.1 million compared to $56.2 million last year. The operating margin of 14% compared to 15.4% a year ago. Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $504.8 million increased 2% from $494.9 million in 2020, reflecting a 1.6% organic sales gain and $2 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase reflects a low single-digit gain in our U.S. business, partially offset by a low single-digit decline in our international operations. Net sales in the period increased 22.6% from $411.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, reflecting a 21.5% organic sales gain and $3.9 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Sales gains in the quarter were led by our hand tools category with strong performance sequentially as well as versus both the fourth quarters of 2020 and 2019. Gross margin of 43.9% in the quarter improved 100 basis points from last year, primarily due to the higher sales volumes, pricing actions and 60 basis points from favorable foreign currency effects which offset higher material and other costs. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 22% improved from 24% last year, primarily reflecting the higher sales and benefits from ongoing RCI and cost containment efforts. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $110.5 million compared to $93.6 million last year. The operating margin of 21.9% improved 300 basis points from 18.9% last year. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $392.5 million compared to $361.1 million a year ago, reflecting a 5.5% organic sales gain and $12.2 million of acquisition-related sales, partially offset by $500,000 of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic gain is comprised of a double-digit increase in sales of undercar equipment and a mid-single-digit gain in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent shop owners and managers, partially offset by a low single-digit decrease in sales to OEM dealerships. Also during the quarter, the RS&I Group continue to benefit from the increasing number of monthly software subscribers for it's aftermarket and dealership repair shops. As compared to 2019 levels, net sales increased $57.5 million from $335 million, reflecting a 13% organic sales gain, $12.2 million of acquisition-related sales and $1.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Gross margin of 46.1% was unchanged from last year as benefits from pricing actions and 60 basis points from acquisitions were offset by higher material and other costs. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales was 21.3% compared to 21.2% last year, primarily dot [ph] to 150 basis points of unfavorable acquisition effects, partially offset by the impact of higher sales and 30 basis points from lower expenses related to $1 million of restructuring costs that were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2020. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $97.2 million compared to $90 million last year. The operating margin of 24.8% compared to 24.9% a year ago. Now turning to Slide 10. Revenue from financial services of $86.9 million decreased $6.5 million from $93.4 million last year, primarily as a result of an additional week of interest income occurring in the 53rd 2020 fiscal year. Financial services operating earnings of $67.2 million compared to $68.5 million in 2020. Financial services expenses of $19.7 million were down $5.2 million from 2020 levels, primarily due to $5.6 million of decreased provisions for credit losses resulting from favorable loan portfolio trends, including reduced year-over-year net charge-offs which support lower forward-looking estimated reserve requirements. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 0.9% and 1.4% in the fourth quarter of 2021 and 2020, respectively. In the fourth quarters of both 2021 and 2020, the average yield on finance receivables was 17.7% and the average yield on contract receivables was 8.5%. Total loan originations of $256.3 million in the fourth quarter decreased $16.1 million or 5.9% from 2020 levels, reflecting a 3.6% decrease in originations of finance receivables and a 16.6% decrease in originations of contract receivables. Last year's extra week in the quarter contributed approximately $10 million of finance receivable originations. As a reminder, revenues in the quarter are generally dependent on the average size of the financing portfolio rather than originations in any one period. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.2 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.9 billion from our U.S. operation. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.6% for U.S. extended credit compared to 1.8% in the fourth quarter of 2020. On a sequential basis, the rate is up 20 basis points, reflecting the typical seasonal increase we experienced between the third and fourth quarters. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, trailing 12-month net losses of $41.1 million represented 2.38% of outstandings at quarter end, down 24 basis points as compared to the same period last year. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $222.7 million in the quarter reflects 97.2% of net earnings and compared to $317.6 million the last year. The decrease from the fourth quarter of 2020 primarily reflects higher cash payments for income and other taxes, an $85 million increase in working investment, partially offset by higher net earnings. The change in working investment is largely driven by increased receivables and higher levels of inventory this year versus a reduction of inventory in 2020. The increase in inventory primarily reflects higher demand as well as incremental buffer stocks and expanded levels of in-transit inventories associated with the supply chain dynamics in the current macro environment. Net cash used by investing activities of $23.8 million included net additions to finance receivables of $9.7 million and $16.3 million of capital expenditures. Net cash used by financing activities of $154.1 million included cash dividends of $76.1 million and a repurchase of 355,000 shares of common stock for $75.5 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of year-end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $454.9 million of common stock under existing authorizations. The 2021 full year free cash flow generation of $872.6 million represented about 104% of net earnings. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $41.6 million from 2020 year-end. Days sales outstanding of 58 days compared to 64 days at 2020 year-end. Inventories increased $57.3 million from 2020 year-end. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.8x compared to 2.4x at year-end 2020. Our year-end cash position of $780 million compared to $923.4 million at year-end 2020. Our net debt-to-capital ratio of 9.1% compared to 12.1% at year-end 2020. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million available under our credit facilities. As of year-end, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2022. We anticipate that capital expenditures will be in the range of $90 million to $100 million. In addition, we currently anticipate, absent any changes to U.S. tax legislation, that our full year 2022 effective income tax rate will be in the range of 23% to 24%. So, I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. That's our fourth quarter. Positive performance, overcoming challenges as we expect to do. In these times of turbulence, we continue to rise based on the resilience of our markets, vehicle repair expanding at the shop level, tax pumped and garage is optimistic, overcoming the postponement of essential OEM programs. Critical industry is mixed but with promising areas, gains in general industry, natural resources and education and progress in emerging markets. Difficulties are in the air but we're able to prosper nonetheless on the power of our strategic position, controlling the customer interface with our wide product line and unique brand. And perhaps most importantly, we rose on the consistent and capable execution by our team, employing agile marketing, considered an active pricing, new and higher-value products, quick redesigns to match available materials, aggressive spot buying and as always, our ongoing RCI. It's a combination that offers another positive performance and has all spelled out clearly in our numbers. Sales rising organically over prepandemic levels by 13% with the last four periods, up organically 8%, 9%, 11% and 13%, expanding the gain over 2019, demonstrating a positive second derivative in the rising sales quarter-by-quarter. Opco OI margins of 21%, a record high in the midst of multiple challenges, up 90 basis points from last year and up substantially more from 2019. And it all came together for an EPS of $4.10, up 7.2% from last year and 33% from the prepandemic period, leading to a full year EPS of $14.92, new heights despite the storm. It was an encouraging quarter and a year. The period clearly had challenges but we were able to overcome maintaining our progress, extending our upward trend. And we believe that Snap-on exits 2021 with a substantial momentum that will carry us forward. And as we mine the abundant opportunities of our resilient markets, we held the advantages of our unique strategic position and engage the considerable capabilities of our challenged-tested team. We'll continue to track progress throughout 2022 and well beyond. Now before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly to our franchisees and associates. Many of them are listening to this call. My friends, you are the base of the success we've registered this quarter and this year. For the extraordinary progress you achieved, you have my congratulations. For the unique individual and collective capabilities you brought to bear against the challenges, you have my admiration. And for the commitment you bring to our now and the conviction you hold in our future, you have my thanks. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Scott Stember with CL King.
Scott Stember: Hi, good morning, guys and thanks for taking my questions. 
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Stember: To better frame things out, obviously, as the comparisons are getting more difficult, can you maybe talk about, in the Tools Group, in the U.S., on a two year stack and maybe also sort of flush it out by tools and some of the other segments?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, I think the Tools Group is demonstrating itself. I mean, if you look at the prepandemic levels, it's been up now six straight quarters and it was up over 21% in this quarter. I think it was 21.5%. So it seems to be moving upwards. And all of our good power -- in this time of turbulence, the Tools Group is really well positioned. When I say a strategic advantage of being -- with wide product line and unique brand to control the interface with the end customer, that's exactly what the Tools Group does in spades. It's able to price. It's able to bring value, new value products that don't look like price increases because people are paying for more features. And so that's a very strong position they have. Also, they can market agilely. So if you have supply chain problems, they can pitch their promotions to move people towards what we have a lot of and have a way somewhat from things we have less of. At the same time, they're working pretty well in the factories because they're vertically integrated. So you see their kind of numbers. The 21.9%, I think we were very encouraged by when we saw it. And so you see the Tools Group doing well in sales, in terms of profitability. And if you look back to 2019, what's happened is, I think I said before, is that we have figured out over the period, we were investing in SG&A in, say, like '18 and '19 to try to figure out how to expand the Tools Group's selling capability. And it seems to have worked. Our selling capability, our franchisees has gone up each quarter over that. You can see the expansion. The second derivative looks pretty good. So you're seeing that play out. What we're doing now is we're, of course, plumbing the ceiling of that, see how far it would take us. And we're investing and looking at other possibilities to keep that string going. We think -- we don't know how far those things we understood in terms of social media, in terms of being able to train more effectively will bring us but we're pretty optimistic about it. And I thought I was pretty clear about our views about momentum going forward in this period. If you look at RS&I, RS&I start to come back -- I mean, the thing it's had some good quarters but it's had some quarters where the margins were down. But this quarter, 23.8%, down 10 basis points and that's against multiple that get -- much more, like 80 or 90 basis points of acquisition impact. And what you see in RS&I is continuing positivity around the independent repair shops, particularly diagnostics and information products and the rise of subscriptions and software keeps ticking up because we keep emphasizing that, particularly things like the innovation you heard about Mitchell in terms of navigating the wiring diagrams and the car -- it deals those kind of situations. So you see that playing out. RS&I, I think they were up 5.5% organically in the quarter and up 13% versus -- last year and up 13% versus prepandemic levels, another very positive quarter. C&I is more vulnerable to the turbulence of the date because you have a lot of mixed markets. C&I is in a lot of sectors, a lot of countries. And in that cocktail, you see some countries that are down, particularly in Europe in this quarter which was difficult for you. And then C&I in some of the businesses, I did say, the customized toolkits, well, these customized toolkits are great. Just great margins on them but you have in those kits sometimes a couple of hundred tools. And the sourcing situation of today, when you're going to deliver those all, many of them from individual sources, you can get disruptive in terms of when you're going to be able to deliver and create some problems. And then on top of it for C&I, a big piece in the critical industry is the military business is pretty weak. We always -- we expect that to come back and we expect C&I to come forward. But we see Tools Group gangbusters. We see RS&I coming back, coming back from -- they've been -- they have been weak but they're getting better. They're heating up. You can see that number. And you see C&I kind of holding its own, kind of flat sales. But we figure as we get better at managing the situation, we have a challenged-tested team that does pretty well in this C&I is going to keep coming back. So we like our momentum going forward.
Scott Stember: Got it. And just last question. This seems to be the first quarter that we've heard about or any quasi meaningful impact from supply chain. Can you maybe talk about that? And any further mitigation efforts that you guys could put through, whether it's RCI or anything else?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, let me just say, though, I didn't say -- I said when I burrowed down on C&I, I mentioned supply chain. But our view of this is it's always something. It's always something. And if you look at our numbers, up, what, 15% -- 13% over prepandemic levels, 21% OI margin. I don't know if you look at the numbers, you can see any turbulence in those numbers. So I think we're managing through it. Yes, of course, it will get better as we go forward. I mean, it's hard for me to predict. But as you get into the moment, you get better at managing it. Right now, we're pretty good at agile marketing. We're good at managing or redesigning our products. We're good at spot buying. So we don't get it disruptive in general. We have certain modules of disruption that we'll figure out and we'll solve but you don't really get that kind of problem going forward. Now some of our businesses like, for example, you could look at tool storage. We could sell more tool storage if we could turn some more out and we're working on that. So you may see some of that going forward. But I don't accept the idea that we're being impacted by this. We're dealing with it. I think the number is saying, that was a good quarter whether we thought we had turbulence or not.
Scott Stember: Got it. Thanks for the color. That's all I had.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning, Bret. 
Bret Jordan: You called out, I guess, some of the pricing contracts in C&I as obviously, costs of everything have gone up versus the prices you received. Could you talk maybe about the magnitude and the timing of some of the pricing resets that you have going forward?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. I don't -- they're all over the map in terms of that situation and they're by segment. But look, C&I is -- I just -- our point there was C&I is a longer wave business. So you have commitments with some customers, not all customers, so you see some impact on that and you price associated with that. We're getting some pricing in C&I, some but not as much as not other things. Our big thing isn't so much about pricing. It's managing those costs. And so the idea of C&I, I think our disruption is mostly associated with what I pointed out in terms of the custom kitting situation, trying to deliver those things. That's been more probably the biggest impact on this, attenuating some of their volumes, particularly in critical industries.
Bret Jordan: Okay. great. And then within the OE business, was there any improvement in cadence as we got through the quarter? Obviously, some of the OEs on the auto side are talking about some improvement in supply chain but did you see any change in their buying patterns as the quarter progressed?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I'd be kidding. Their fourth quarter was terrible, wasn't it? I thought the fourth quarter for those guys was brutal. So we didn't see much -- if we're talking about projects, we didn't see much cadence difference. I mean, actually, there's a lot of new models coming out that are going to come out new features and I don't think we saw any cadence change in the quarter. Now I'm on shaky ground a little bit about saying that there might have been some of it but I -- my macro view of it, Bret, is it was a tough quarter for the auto companies. So I think as we go forward, it's got to get better. They're going to shake loose some of those. And so we're going to get -- because we're already involved in some of those products, we're just waiting for them to come out. That's what I see. I think the -- if you look at the dealerships, if you go -- like I thought I'd try to make clear, at the dealerships level, the repair is great at that situation. So we're seeing dealerships buy equipment. And one of the upticks in we didn't -- I don't think I mentioned it here but one of the upticks in the RS&I business, it's a rise -- a nice rise in repair shop undercar equipment. Collision and the balances and changes and those kinds of things. And so that's been going up. Also, they're buying software from us. So that's pretty good in that situation. But if you're talking about the programs out of the OEM, your guess is as good as mine when that breaks loose. All we know is they've got a backlog in there that's going to be good for us when it breaks.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then one final question. I guess you called out hand tools as strong in the Tools Group a couple of times. Did you say what the spread was sort of hand tools relative to storage and diagnostics?
Nick Pinchuk: I did not.
Bret Jordan: Why did not?
Nick Pinchuk: And the reason is I want to get away from talking about the numbers by product line in the Tools Group. To us, it doesn't matter. We skin the cat many ways. So the point about the Tools Group is 21.9% margin. Now hand tools were a nice piece of that. But I will tell you the big ticket items were also up in that period. Tool storage and diagnostics were up. The hand tools are sort of the flavor of the day -- these days because, of course, we're more vertically integrated. Fundamentally, when the hand tool comes in the door, all we add is steel, capital and labor, boom. So it was -- but it's been strong for a number of different periods. So, I don't really want to get down that road. Just saying hand tools was a nice product. Nice -- but as was diagnostics in the period and we had increases in tool storage as well.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Great.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Luke Junk with Baird.
Luke Junk: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. First question, Nick, I wanted to ask a follow-up on something that you mentioned a couple callers ago and that's regarding the investment spending past year as we begin '22 or maybe even more broadly as we go through the next few years at this stage of the cycle, you've been steadfast about maintaining the rate of investment in the Tools Group, in particular and you referenced plumbing to death of these capacity creation initiatives from here. Just wondering if you're able to talk about any new focus areas, or within the capacity creation initiatives where we might see the company push a little incrementally in '22?
Nick Pinchuk: Look, I think this, we have -- of course, we're taking a look at where -- how we source and where we need more capacity in the factories and those kinds of things. But I don't see it there -- I don't see it distorting our financials in that regard. I think a couple of things. When I said that I didn't mean that the OE was going to explode or anything like that. Fundamentally, our OE was higher before because we were spending a lot of effort and a lot of different corridors trying to figure out what would actually resonate with the Tools Group and make a difference. Our OE is in a nice place now. And of course, as you come out, you know how you say this, you're kind of loosening your belt a little bit when you've had a downtick in the COVID but I think our OE is at a nice level. It may go up a little bit but not that much. We're not going to -- but the areas where we're going to spend, I think, would be -- we're going to push more on social media because we've learned more about that. Boy, you know what, we've got a lot of data on our franchisees. We get the franchisees and our customers. We got oodles of data and we could do a better job in terms of predictive behavior on those things. So we're spending time looking at that right now. I don't have anything to report other than, boy, it's obvious to us we have Mitchell-type SureTrack data which we have about cars. We have that about our customers. And so we think we'll be able to wheel that to make the Tools Group even more effective. So our guys can make better choices when they engage customers. That's probably another area we're looking at right now.
Luke Junk: Okay. And then I want to ask a bigger picture question as a follow-up. Thank you for that. Dealer FX were, I think, approaching the one year anniversary of that acquisition. I don't know if you could to progress in year one under the company's ownership? And looking forward, more importantly, should we expect to hear more about this business in the future as a complementary software platform sitting alongside Mitchell 1 in that dealership environment? Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. I mean, look, I think that's why we bought it for two reasons. One, from a financial point of view, it is a twin of Mitchell 1. And I don't know if you're familiar with Mitchell 1 but if you pay -- I know you are, we've been paying -- we've been talking about the growth of our diagnostics and software in independent repair shops almost every quarter since I've been here. They just keep going upward. Boom, boom, boom. And so Mitchell 1 knows how to handle that interface. And so we're using that knowledge that, I would say, challenged-tested understanding of the business to apply to Dealer FX and in the fullness of time, that's going to work it's magic there. We believe we'll have a kind of a twin. I'm not saying it's going to be as great as Mitchell 1, it may be but it's going to be a good business. So you're going to see it from a financial point of view but it's also important from us strategically because as you know, it has a window on what happens with these new technologies and the new technology is going to be the drivers of the future and it's going to call it -- help us call in the airstrikes for what product we develop because we're going to see it first in Dealer FX. So you're going to hear us talking about that. But these are early days. It's the first year. There's a lot of turbulence, these kinds of things. In terms of Canada, I think Justin Trudeau just got the COVID himself. So this impacts the activity in Canada. But I believe certainly Dealer FX was up in the quarter and we're making -- we're sort of making our expectations in this but you'll hear more of it as we go forward because it's going to be a big factor on us in terms of early warning. Also, financially.
Luke Junk: Great. Well, yes, I appreciate that it's still early days there. That's great color and I'll leave it there.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay. Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Liz Suzuki with Bank of America.
Elizabeth Suzuki: So this one is for Aldo. I guess could you just talk about the inflation impact that you expect through the course of the year and how the cadence of that could work out with the dynamic of cost and price and how that would impact the P&L?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, certainly, of course, everybody is talking more about inflation than in the past and Snap-on is not immune from that. However, Liz, I think it is something we manage and strive. First, we always look for alternative ways to reduce cost, whether that be alternative sourcing, alternative componentry, rapid continuous improvement to get some productivity. And of course, if we can't cover that, then we look for pricing actions to help us out. We do believe we have pricing power personified by the Tools Group. And then as Nick already has said, we get pricing over time in the commercial industrial group and repair systems and information in light of the fact that they have longer-term customer agreements. So, we don't immediately just put pen to paper and say, oh, it's got to be this pricing. We try and strive to see what we can offset internally. At the same time, we're cognizant of the new features we always bring to market. So rather than bring a price increase to market, our preference is, can we bring a higher featured product to market and talk more about that feature, even though it might cost more to the customer. We try to create that vision as there's more productivity being brought to market. So that's kind of our broad-based approach. So yes, there's more inflation but we'll continue to try to bring more innovation and more value add for the customer.
Nick Pinchuk: Now to put in perspective, Liz, just I'd add on that, if you just look at our hit products, we bring couple of three dozen new products every quarter to the market. So that's a big factor for us.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Great. And I guess second question is just on priorities for capital. I mean, your net debt-to-capital ratio came down about three percentage points since last year. It's at a historically low level. What are you thinking about for this upcoming year and beyond in terms of where your priorities lie?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, I think our priorities are still in line. I think, we believe, the best return on capital for our people -- for our investors and for constituents is investing in our business. So to the extent we can invest it in business in some of these new activities or anything like that, we will. We support that. Secondly, we have a pretty full, I would say, pipeline of acquisitions that we keep looking at. And I kind of think, call me crazy but I think in the turbulence, the acquisitions may be more available in this situation. So we're kind of hoping that -- we're kind of focused on a few things that may have some ability to move. And we're not afraid to take big ones or small ones in that situation. And then we have -- our Board just reloaded our share buyback situation and I think now another $500 million. And we have our dividend which we look at and we're kind of -- I think it's been kind of a front piece for Snap-on where we have paid a dividend every quarter for -- since 1939 and we've never reduced it. So we hold it in perpetuity in terms of our policy. And we always look to see if it's appropriate to upgrade it. So those are the kinds of things we're looking at. I think every year changes and this year, it's marked by the idea there's a lot of turbulence out there, maybe there's some opportunities for us.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Great, thank you. It's very helpful.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Hi, good morning, everyone. Nick, it's encouraging to hear you leaning a little more into the data analytics. So I think that has the potential to move the needle. So congratulations on that initiative. I guess to start off with, what do you think sales of the truck were up year-over-year?
Nick Pinchuk: I think about the same. I think roughly the same as the Tools Group, I would say, in the same ballpark. In fact, if you look over -- David, if you look over two years' worth, there's differences from quarter-to-quarter. But if you look back over two years, they've been about the same, like we generally see and this quarter was the same kind of thing. There's a little bit of noise with the 53rd week and the franchisees probably doing a little more than they would order from us. But I think generally, it's roughly the same. They're in practically lockstep. So we see the inventory kind of on the Tools Group holding pretty flat.
David MacGregor: Got it. And then just still on the Tools Group, you talked about the 300 basis points of operating margin improvement. About 200 basis points of that came out of SG&A and 60 basis points was FX. So clearly, it feels like the price cost pressures that everybody else in the world seems to be feeling are coming home to roost at Snap-on as well. Go ahead.
Nick Pinchuk: We make -- holding gross margins are -- is a common occurrence in this environment.
David MacGregor: Well, I'm just trying to get a kind of -- I'm just trying to get it to kind of the price cost pressure.
Nick Pinchuk: It's like this though. I think, look, I think yes, we have pressures on a lot of different things. There's a lot of things that go in that gross margin and there are a lot of things that go in the SG&A. I think our view was on the OI margin in general, the up to 300 basis points. We -- I think I've said this on other calls long ago that we're kind of agnostic between those two numbers. We kind of focus on the OI margin, up 300 basis points, not bad. Now you could say, okay, well, the gross margin is up less than the OE. But if you look back to prepandemic levels, they're both up reasonably well. I think, 100 basis points and 200 basis points. And I don't think that's chop-liver in this environment. Yes, there are pressures associated with the supply and sourcing but we're able to manage it such that we don't give up anything.
David MacGregor: So, I guess my question on this is really just as you look forward to 2022, Nick, you talked about is the opportunity to -- Aldo referenced the opportunity to raise pricing within the tools segment but also to bring kind of better margin products and better incremental margin products to the marketplace and cover your cost that way or cost and productivity that way. Can you give us a sense of how you're thinking about the split between those two opportunities? Do you think you'll be leaning a little more on to the pricing side and then supplementing that with a better margin product? Or are you leaning a little more towards a better margin product and supplementing that with pricing?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, generally, I think if it's the latter, I think that we would rather have it with our new products and then be foolish around those. I think it isn't a ball-based. I mean, fundamentally, I just want to come back to your original question. It would be a mistake to think that the costs weren't coursing through our numbers this quarter because they are. And so we have those and we're holding our own against those with pricing and with those -- like I said, people -- I think sometimes people don't realize how many new products we bring out. If you just look at the hit products and they're the ones that are the incandescent ones, $1 million in the first year, we have two to three dozen every quarter. And so we have a lot of opportunity in both those areas. And I think that's what allows us to maintain this. And our -- this ain't our first rodeo. So we know how to manage this. I think our team -- not me. I'm just a trained dog at the top of the [indiscernible]. But the thing is the guys know how to manage this such they can bring with the combination of direct pricing plus promotions plus the new products. They can manage that interface very well. That's what I meant about the strategic position. So we're not hanging our hands at all, David.
David MacGregor: Great. Okay. I guess I wanted to also ask about the originations down, 6%. Are you -- and I noticed the yield is coming down a little bit on the portfolio as well. Are you just seeing changes in patterns in terms of how new techs are using credit? Or how much of this is maybe just substitution of RA credit. You're just losing share to your franchisees on the credit front. Or -- and how much it might just be alternative sources of credit as some others have talked about?
Nick Pinchuk: I don't think -- I was just with the franchisees at the kickoff in Omaha. I got to go to Omaha. I'll go back to Orlando. You can figure that one out in January. But I was with the group. Our franchisees don't think we're losing any share to other alternative sources. They just think, look, these guys are flushed; so they're willing to pay. I mean, if you look at the numbers, the BLS data says that investment in repair, up double digits on a year-over-year basis in both nominal and real basis and the technician wages are up over 5% year-over-year. And the number of technicians out there are growing. So I think you see this kind of a growing flush group of people and they're not -- they're staying with RA. They don't want to pay the interest. We think it's great because fundamentally, the guys have debt capacity available when they need it. The other factor is, I think, in this is that I never wanted to say this. I said it wouldn't last time. But if you look at the 53rd week last year, generally, our stuff cuts off. But even if the franchisees go out for a day or two or three, they're going to generate more year-over-year originations because it happens in the field at some point. I don't know how much that accounts for but you can knock down some of that. So I don't think that's an unusual situation.
David MacGregor: And then the credit origination is down 16.6. What -- can you talk a little bit about what might have been happening there?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, Aldo -- I'd say if you take into account $10 million that I mentioned that, that extra week allowed, we would have probably been up slightly, I'd say, in the U.S. environment. Down a little bit international. International is not quite as robust as the U.S. I think we mentioned that as well that we were up in the U.S. in terms of our sales versus international. And then, if you look at the -- even the contract originations, in 2020, we had more new start-ups. There's a little bit more stable environment now with the franchisees. So there was less startups in the international arena in particular. And when you start up franchise, David, many of the franchisees tend to like the lease vans and borrow from Snap-on credit; so that could affect it. So, it's really -- I don't want to dismiss it. And I always try to remind people that you're still not in a completely certain environment that we find over the time of history that people tend to buy lower price point items until certainty restores. So I don't think tool storage has been as robust as you see in the revolving credit accounts and therefore, you see more revolving action on the [indiscernible].
David MacGregor: That makes sense. Last question for me is just with respect to the share repurchase activity and you talked about the fact that you just had another authorization from the Board. But activity in the fourth quarter really didn't change much year-over-year, roughly in that $70-odd million. A good number for the full year, by the way. So good activity there. But how do we think about share repurchase here? And why wouldn't you step up and just get a lot more aggressive here in terms of buying back your stock at these levels?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, we always think of things like that. But if you look at the funnel of time, it averages between 2% and 3% of the outstanding share count, more or less. And it's hard to be an expert in this market. I have no idea if the advertising revenues of Facebook will impact Snap-on the next day when I get up and things of that nature and I'm being extreme of that example. But we try to take a measured approach to it. It has it's role. It's not the only solution in terms of how to use cash.
David MacGregor: Okay, great. Thanks very much, gentlemen.
Aldo Pagliari: Welcome, David.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Ms. Verbsky, at this time, I will turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated Third Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Olivia and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s third quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s Chief Executive Officer and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on’s Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we will take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise states management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I would now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I will start the call by covering the highlights of our third quarter and along the way, I will give you my perspective on our results. They are encouraging. On our market, they are positive and more than resilient, and I will speak about our progress. It’s been considerable each period demonstrating increasing strength even when in the midst of solvency and headwind. And we will also speak about what it all means to our future. It’s incredibly promising. And then Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. Our reported sales in the quarter were $1.377 billion. They were up 10.2%, including $9.6 million of favorable foreign currency and $19.5 million of acquisition-related sales. Our organic sales growth was up 7% – was 7%, gains in every group. It was our fifth straight quarter of above pre-pandemic performance and Snap-on value creation processes, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement, or RCI, as we call it, all combined to drive that progress. And progress it was. Opco operating income of $201.3 million was up $15.6 million from last year. The OI margin was 19.4%, down 30 basis points, impacted negatively by acquisitions, but still very strong at a strong level. For financial services, operating income of $70.6 million increased 7.6% and the delinquencies were down even below the 2019 pre-pandemic levels, a continuing testimony to our unique business model and its ability to navigate the most threatening of environments. First quarter EPS was $2.57, up $0.29 or 8.8% from last year. And as I said before, we believe Snap-on is stronger now than when we entered this great withering and our third quarter results testifies to just that. Compared with 2019, before we ever heard of the virus, our sales grew $135.9 million or 15.1%, which includes $21 million from acquisition-related sales, $13.6 million of favorable foreign currency, and a $101.3 million or 11.1% organic gain. And that 2021 OpCo operating margin of 19.4% was up 80 basis points from the pre-pandemic levels, even while absorbing the impact of new acquisitions and while meeting what we can call a considerable disruption of these days. Now, let’s talk about the markets. Water repair remains quite resilient. The technicians are prospering. They know they weather the depths of the COVID shock, learn to accommodate the virus environment and are well along the psychological recovery. Techs are resilient. They have been at their post for the last 18 months undoing it and they won’t be shots again and they are optimistic about the future of their profession, about the outlook of individual transportation, and about the greater need for their skills as the vehicle park changes with new technology. Vehicle repair is strong – is a strong and resilient market. You can hear it in the franchisees voice and you can see it written clearly across our numbers every quarter. Also on auto repair, there are our shop owners and managers different from the techs. That’s where our Repair Systems & Information Group, RS&I, plies its trade. Demand for new and used cars is high despite limited supply in dealership repair and maintenance and warranty is rebounding and dealers are starting to invest again. And we have been able to make – we have been able to take advantage with groundbreaking products like our award winning Tru-Point advanced driver assistance calibration system, our new diagnostic, our new diagnostic, TRITON-D10, Intelligent Diagnostic and our acclaimed Mitchell1 ProDemand repair estimating guide, all representing new technologies and data deployed to make work easier in the shop. Vehicle repair looks more promising than ever and Snap-on is poised to capitalize. Now, let’s talk about critical indices which Snap-on rolls out of the garage, solving task of consequence. These are commercial industrial as C&I operates. The virus had a much longer impact on these customers. They were slower to accommodate, but they are recovering. And in the quarter, our results showed that trend, gains in North America, Europe and in Asia, all over the globe. So overall, I describe our C&I markets as improving. And coupled with the strength of the auto repair sectors, our markets are beyond resilient and we are ready and well-positioned to make progress along those run-rates to recover. At the same time, it’s clear that we have ongoing potential on our runways for improvement, the Snap-on value creation processes. They have never been more important, helping to counter the turbulence of the day, especially important with customer connection as understanding the work of professional technicians and innovation, matching that insight with technology, driving new products. And just this quarter, Snap-on was prominently represented with 9 Professional Tool & Equipment News we call it P10 People’s Choice Awards where the actual users, the technicians make the selection. We are also recognized with two P10 Innovation awards and we are honored with 2 Motor Magazine Top Tool awards. An essential driver of Snap-on growth is innovative product that makes work easier and the awards are the one are our testimony that great Snap-on products just keep coming, matching the growing complexity of the task, becoming more essential to technicians and driving our forward progress. That’s the environment, pretty positive. Now, we will move to the operating groups. In C&I, volume in the quarter rose 13.9% or $42 million versus 2020 on significant growth across all divisions, reflecting – reflected a $32.9 million or 10.6% organic uplift and $7.5 million from our AutoCrib acquisition. And double-digit growth in our European hand tool businesses and a high single-digit rise in critical industries led the way. C&I operating income of $52.6 million, was up $10.5 million or 24.4% and the operating margin was 15.3%. That’s an increase of 130 basis points versus last year. I’d say that’s an attention getting rise against the wind. Now, compared to the pre-pandemic 2019 results, sales were up 4.8%, including a 0.9% organic gain and that OI margin of 15.3% was up 90 basis points against the 70 point impact of acquisitions and unfavorable currency. Once again, SNA Europe delivered double-digit growth beyond – double-digit growth beyond pre-virus levels against a complex and varied marketing environment propelled by the customization power of their Bahco ERGO Tool Management System. And our industrial division roles in critical industries, recording nice gains in general industry, heavy duty, education and U.S. aviation, a number of positive sectors overcoming weakness and continuing weakness in the military and natural resources. P&I is rising and we are enthusiastic about the possibilities. We will keep strengthening our position to capture those opportunities and enabling that intent is our expanding lineup of innovative new products. And the third quarter did see some great new offerings like our 14.4-volt 3h-inch drive brushless reaction, the CDR861. It’s already popular. And it’s no wonder. It’s a powerful combination of strength and speed, high torque, 60-foot bumps, the bus loose, very suborn bolts and rapid operations, 275 RPM for getting those fasteners off in quick time. It’s made in our Murphy, North Carolina plant and it features a full frame brushless motor for longer runtime and durability. It includes a safety switch that shuts in an equipment safety switch that shuts down – shuts down the tool after 2 minutes of continuous use that’s eliminating the chance of overheating. It also has a super bright 18 aluminum front-facing light that stays illuminated after the trigger is released, allowing easy and immediate inspection of the work. This ratchet also features a built-in break that stops the tool from throwing or fasteners, which it seems like not much, but it’s an important safety feature for technicians. And it also offers a great cushion grip that makes for more comfortable tool control even during extended use. The CDR861 power, speed and comfort, it’s in a very compact package. It’s a mighty might for accomplishing critical tasks and the professionals love it. Well, that’s C&I, continuing upward, exceeding pre-pandemic volumes, strong profitability and positions for more. Now, on to the Tools Group, sales of $471.4 million, up $21.8 million including $4.9 million of favorable currency and a $16.9 million or 3.7% organic gain, growth in the U.S. – both in the U.S. and the international operations. And the operating margin was 20.8%, one of our highest effort and up 140 basis points from last year. Compared with the pre-virus 2019 level, the organic gain was $80.4 million or 20.6% and the 20.8% operating margin was up 700 basis points compared with the pre-pandemic level, 700 basis points in the midst of operating turbulence. Tools Group is responding to the challenges of the day, increasing its product advantage, fortifying its brands and further enabling its franchisees, giving them more selling capacity, it’s all working. Five strong quarters of above pre-pandemic performance says it so. Now, the third quarter is when we hold our – most of you know this, the third quarter is when we hold our annual Snap-on Franchisee Conference, our SFC. This year’s we are back again in person at the Gaylord in Orlando, Florida, over 9,000 attendees, a record. We have training seminars in sales growth and intelligent diagnostics. They were well attended and well received. And we had several football fields of products. So, our franchisees could get up close and personal with our latest innovations. For the franchisees, the SFC is an opportunity for learning, for touching and ordering new products and for recharging their Snap-on batteries and believe me, they are charged. For the company, the SFC is an opportunity to gauge the franchisees’ outlook on the business. One quantitative way is orders. Well, they were up, strong double digits over last year’s virtual live from the Forge event and from the 2019 SFC live in Washington, D.C. And when I say up, I mean all of our product categories showed substantial gains over both of those events. And so that’s the quantitative look at it. Qualitatively, I spoke with many of our franchisees. And I can attest that they were beaming, showing a lot of confidence in our business and declaring considerable optimism on their future days and decades ahead with Snap-on. We do believe our franchisees are continuing to grow stronger each quarter and we continue to invest in our future. And if you were with us in Orlando, you would have seen it unmistakably and we are investing, building franchisees’ ability to use the direct interface with technicians, enabling them to better communicate their unique capability and growing technology of Snap-on product lines. We have great confidence in the power of our products and there are real reasons for the confidence. You heard about the product awards. Well, beyond that, there is a continuous stream of terrific new offerings. During the SFC, the Tools Group unveiled its new KHP415, portable 40-inch substation power card. It’s targeted at entry level technicians, the ones working on a narrow scope of repairs. It’s built in our Albona, Iowa factory and the new card enables young mechanics to invest in Snap-on storage at a value price, while at the same time getting some very attractive professional features, a lockable comp compartment, fourfold distort and adjustable power tool rack that holds up the 10 tools and a power strip with 5 outlets and 2 USB ports for battery and device charging. New cart, it was well received. And it’s quickly reaching what we call hit product status over $1 million of sales. It’s raising upward on a steep trajectory. Beyond products, we spent time working to expand franchise’se selling capacity, harnessing social media, improving product training and RCI and the van operations and it’s working. Selling capacity is up and you can see it clearly in the 5 straight gangbuster quarters for our van network. The Tools Group is on a very positive trend, ascending and leaving pre-pandemic levels way behind. Nowon to RS&I. Sales were up 14.8% or $46.9 million, including a $31.7 million or 9.9% organic uplift. Growth was weighted toward undercar equipment, but our diagnostics and information businesses also chipped in with double-digit increases. Versus 2020, RCI operating earnings were $83.3 million, representing a rise of $3.2 million. Comparing with 2019, sales grew $41.7 million or 12.9%, including $24.2 million or 7.4% organic grain, nice growth. The RS&I OI margin was down versus the last 2 years, attenuated by business mix, acquisitions and currency, but it was still a strong 22.9%. So, we clearly see the potential of our runway with RS&I, expanding Snap-on’s presence in the garage with coherent acquisitions and a growing line of powerful products. Third quarter annual growth was broad-based, but a strong double-digit rise in undercar equipment was an especially welcome turn. That’s a nice turnaround and it was led by innovative products like our 15K four-post alignment lift. It’s really taking a hold in the repair shops as they have resumed investing. This new 15K provides professional grade alignment lifting for a variety of vehicle sizes, with open front columns, best-in-class ultra-wide 26-inch runways, and integrated 100-inch show long-wear plates. It’s suited to accommodate vehicles from compact passenger cars, compact passenger cars to big pickup trucks and it’s low easy on approach angle makes it great even for low-profile sports cars that are often a challenge for other lifts. Made in our Louisville, Kentucky plant on an assembly line, it’s made in our Louisville, Kentucky plant on assembly line, I am very familiar with. I participated in an RCI event for that process. Our new 15K has helped drive the recovery for undercar equipment and it’s driven the rise in RS&I volumes. We are quite positive about RSI’s possibilities to repair shop owners and managers as the vehicle industry evolves, it’s got a great future. So, that’s the highlights of our quarter. Continued and strong progress, our fifth straight period exceeding pre-pandemic levels, C&I on track with strong sales and increasing profitability. RS&I, undercar, coming back, Tools Group, strong, pumped and moving vertically, the credit company solid in a storm and profitable, the overall corporation, organic sales rising 7%, Opco operating margin, 19.4%, and EPS of $3.57, a considerable rise. And most important, more testimony that Snap-on has emerged from the turbulence much stronger than we entered. It was an encouraging quarter. Now, I will turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. The third quarter of 2021 exhibited another period of solid financial performance. The results also compared favorably with the third quarter of 2019, which being a pre-COVID-19 time period in some cases may serve to be the more meaningful baseline. Net sales of $1.377 billion in the quarter increased 10.2% from 2020 levels, reflecting a 7% organic sales gain, $19.5 million of acquisition-related sales, and $9.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Additionally, net sales in the period increased 15.1% from $901.8 million in the third quarter of 2019, including an 11.1% organic gain, $21.0 million of acquisition-related sales and $13.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Consolidated gross margin of 50.2% improved 30 basis points from 49.9% last year. The gross margin contributions from the higher sales volumes, 60 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects and benefits from the company’s RCI initiatives more than offset higher material and other costs. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales of 30.8% increased 60 basis points from 30.2% last year, primarily due to 60 basis points of unfavorable acquisition effects. Benefits from the higher sales volumes were offset by increased brand building, travel and other costs, including the restoration of our annual in-person Snap-on Franchisee Conference. Operating earnings before financial services of $201.3 million compared to $185.7 million in 2020 and $167.7 million in 2019, reflecting an 8.4% and a 20% improvement respectively. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 19.4% compared to 19.7% last year and 18.6% in 2019. Financial services revenue of $87.3 million in the third quarter of 2021 compared to $85.8 million last year, while operating earnings of $70.6 million increased $5 million from 2020 levels, reflecting the higher revenue as well as lower provisions for credit losses. Consolidated operating earnings of $271.9 million increased 8.2% from $251.3 million last year and 18.9% from $228.7 million in 2019. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 24.2% compared to 24.5% in 2020 and 23.2% in 2019. Our third quarter effective income tax rate of 23.7% compared to 23.4% last year. Net earnings of $196.2 million or $3.57 per diluted share increased $16.5 million or $0.29 per share from last year’s levels, representing an 8.8% increase in diluted earnings per share. As compared to the third quarter of 2019, net earnings increased to $31.6 million or $0.61 per share, representing a 20.6% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now, let’s turn to our segment results. Starting with the C&I group on Slide 11, sales of $351.4 million increased 13.9% from $308.4 million last year, reflecting a 10.6% organic sales gain, $7.5 million of acquisition-related sales, and $2.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic gain reflects higher activity in all of the segment’s operations and includes high single-digit increases in sales to customers in critical industries. Within the critical industries, year-over-year sales gains were achieved in general industry, heavy duty and technical education, but were partially offset by declines in sales to the military and international aviation, both of which had particularly robust sales in the prior year period. As a further comparison, net sales in the period increased 4.8% from 2019 levels, reflecting a $3 million organic sales gain, $7.5 million of acquisition-related sales and $5.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation. As compared to 2019, sales in our European-based hand tools business were up mid-teens. With respect to critical industry sales activity in that period, our lower sales to the military international aerospace and natural resource segments offset gains in our sales to technical education, heavy duty and general industry customers. Gross margin of 38.2% improved 90 basis points from 37.3% in the third quarter of 2020. Contributions from the higher sales volumes and benefits from RCI initiatives were partially offset by higher material and other costs. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 22.9% improved 40 basis points as compared to last year primarily due to the improved volumes, which were partially offset by higher travel and other costs. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $53.6 million compared to $43.1 million last year, the operating margin of 15.3% compared to 14% a year ago. Turning now to Slide 8 sales of the Snap-on Tools Group of $471.4 million increased 4.8% from $449.8 million in 2020, reflecting a 3.7% organic sales gain and $4.9 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase reflects a mid-single-digit gain in our U.S. business and a low single-digit gain in our international operations. Net sales in the period increased 22.4% from $385.2 million in the third quarter of 2019, reflecting a 20.6% organic sales gain and $5.8 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Gross margin of 45.8% in the quarter improved 30 basis points from last year, primarily due to the higher sales volumes and 130 basis points from favorable foreign currency effects, which offset higher material and other costs. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 25% improved from 26.1% last year, primarily reflecting the higher sales. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $98.2 million compared to $87.1 million last year. The operating margin of 20.8% compared to 19.4% a year ago, an improvement of 140 basis points. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9, sales of $364.4 million compared to $317.5 million a year ago, reflecting a 9.9% organic sales gain, $12 million of acquisition-related sales and $3.2 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic increase reflects double-digit increases in sales of undercar equipment and in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent shop owners and managers. While activity focused on OEM dealerships was essentially flat. As compared to 2019 levels, net sales increased $41.7 million from $322.7 million, reflecting a 7.4% organic sales gain, $13.5 million of acquisition-related sales and $4 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Gross margin of 46.8% declined from 47.3% last year, primarily due to the impact of higher sales and lower gross margin businesses, increased material and other costs and 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. These declines were partially offset by savings from RCI initiatives and 60 basis points of benefits from acquisitions. As a reminder, undercar equipment, which had healthy sales increases in the quarter, typically has a gross margin rate that is below the RS&I segment’s average. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 23.9% increased 180 basis points from 22.1% last year, primarily due to 170 basis points of unfavorable acquisition effects. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $83.3 million compared to $80.1 million last year. The operating margin of 22.9% compared to 25.2% a year ago. Now turning to Slide 10, revenue from financial services of $87.3 million compared to $85.8 million last year. Financial services operating earnings of $70.6 million compared to $65.6 million in 2020. Financial services expenses of $16.7 million decreased $3.5 million from 2020 levels, primarily due to lower provisions for credit losses, resulting from favorable loan portfolio trends, which support lower forward-looking estimated reserve requirements. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 0.8% and 0.9% in the third quarter of 2021 and 2020, respectively. In the third quarters of both 2021 and 2020, the average yield on finance receivables was 17.8%. The respective average yield on contract receivables, were 8.5% and 8.4%, respectively. Total loan originations of $269.3 million in the third quarter increased $16.5 million or 6.5% from 2020 levels, reflecting a 5.7% increase in originations of finance receivables and a 9.5% increase in originations of contract receivables. Moving to Slide 11, our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.2 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.9 billion from our U.S. operation. Our worldwide gross financial services portfolio increased $7.5 million in the third quarter. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.4% for U.S. extended credit compared to 1.5% in the third quarter of 2020 and 1.7% in the third quarter of 2019. On a sequential basis, the rate is up 20 basis points, reflecting the typical seasonal increase of 20 to 30 basis points we experienced between the second and third quarters. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, trailing 12-month net losses of $42.7 million represented 2.48% of outstandings at quarter end, down 22 basis points as compared to the same period last year. Now turning to Slide 12, cash provided by operating activities of $186.4 million in the quarter reflects 92.5% of net earnings. While this represents a decrease of $37.6 million from 2020 levels, this cash conversion rate compares favorably with 77.5% of net earnings in both the third quarters of 2019 and 2018. The decrease from the third quarter of 2020 primarily reflects the higher net earnings being more than offset by net changes in operating assets and liabilities, including a $61.9 million increase in working capital. This change in working capital is largely driven by the more typical seasonal inventory build in the third quarter of 2021 as compared to the reduction of inventory experienced in the period last year. Inventory additions also reflect some increases in buffer stocks and higher levels of in-transit inventories associated with the supply chain dynamics being seen in the macro environment.  Net cash used by investing activities of $29.7 million included net additions of finance receivables of $7.6 million and $16.2 million of capital expenditures. Net cash used by financing activities of $385.8 million included $250 million in senior note repayments, cash dividends of $66.3 million and the repurchase of 300,000 shares of common stock for $66.5 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of quarter end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $197.1 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to Slide 13, trade and other accounts receivable increased $12.5 million from 2020 year-end. Days sales outstanding of 56 days compared to 64 days of 2020 year-end. Inventories increased $43.1 million from 2020 year-end. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.7 compared to 2.4 at year-end 2020. Our quarter end cash position of $735.5 million compared to $923.4 million at year-end 2020. Our net debt to capital ratio of 10.3% compared to 12.1% at year-end 2020. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million in available credit facilities. As of quarter end, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility, and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance. I’ll now briefly review a few outlook items for the balance of 2021. We now forecast that capital expenditures will approximate $90 million. In addition, we currently anticipate, absent any changes to U.S. tax legislation that our full year 2021 effective income tax rate will be in the range of 23% to 24%. I’ll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. The Snap-on third quarter can be summarized in one word, momentum. Our markets are showing extraordinary possibilities, almost across the board with order repair the most advanced going beyond resilience. We sold the COVID-19 playing out with our customers in three phases, shock, interruption in the face of virus uncertainty, a combination of gradual learning to pursue essential work while staying safe and psychological recovery, our confidence in the future and return to normal buying. But now we’re seeing a fourth phase, exhilaration of certainty that we’re moving sharply to higher levels, ignited by the conviction that we have met and manage the virus and they want – and that we won’t get shocked again. It’s a bright outlook. And Snap-on with continuing investment in product and brand and people is well positioned to serve that trend. Of course, the COVID is still lingering, and its side effects, inflation and supply disruption around the loose, but Snap-on is strongly arrayed to engage those challenges. A direct selling model and strong brand position enables agile pricing. Our vertical integration and shorter supply chains make us less vulnerable to sourcing viscosities. Our broad product line, more than 80,000 SKUs supports flex – flexible marketing to guide around shortages, and our RCI culture drives cost offsets. We found opportunities on our runway for growth and improvement even amidst these challenging times, and you can see it in the numbers, encouraging. C&I sales up from – both from last year and 2019, OI margin, 15.3% strong and rising 130 basis points and 90 basis points versus 2020 and 2019, respectively. RS&I, up organically, 9.9% versus last year and 7.4% beyond the pre-pandemic levels. OI margins of 22.9%. And the Tools Group, organic volume rising 3.7% versus last year’s record level and up 20.6% versus the day before the virus. OI margin, it was 20.8%, up 140 basis points from last year and up 700 basis points from 2019. It all led to our corporation being organically up 7% compared with last year and a strong 11.1% versus pre-pandemic numbers. Overall, OI margin was 19.4%, solid in the face of turbulence in our credit company, navigating then certainly without disruptions. Profit is up, delinquencies down. And EPS, $3.57, rising emphatically versus all comparisons. We have emerged from the virus stronger than when we entered, and the numbers confirm it. We’ve now recorded five, five straight quarters of above pre-pandemic performances, and we believe that with our markets reaching beyond resilience to exhiliration with the capabilities of our model to overcome the challenges of the environment, and with a considerable advantage nurtured by our continuing investment in product, brand and people will continue to rise, maintaining our upward trajectory through the end of this year and well beyond. Now before I turn the call over to the operator, I want to speak directly to our franchisees and associates. I always know you’re listening. This is a period of great momentum for Snap-on. You are the fuel that is ignited and fan that drive forward and upward. For your success in creating this encouraging performance, you have my congratulations. For the capabilities you bring to bear in achieving our progress every day, you have my admiration. And for your commitment to our present and your confidence in our future, you have my thanks. Now I’ll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: So Snap-on tools looked really good sequentially is usually down about 5% seasonally. I think it was down about half that, suggests little incremental commercial execution taking place. Wondering if you think I’m looking at that a little too closely or how you might characterize that?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think, look, I think they are certainly on an upward trajectory. So that would include better sequential performance. I think that’s quite true. We’re pretty – as I’ve used many times in my comments, we were encouraged by this performance and they seem to be rising. If you look at pre-pandemic levels, which is the appropriate comparison up big and their operating margins are strong. And this is a turbulent time, and they are managing over it. And doing well.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And curious, you talked about vertical integration, shorter supply chain, that’s clearly characteristic. But probably not necessarily for every product you have. So I’m wondering if you did kind of have kind of a general kind of quantification of any revenue gaps in the quarter that created some backlog build given the widespread dynamics.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Nothing I can put my finger on. Look, I mean, I think it’s the place you would expect to see that might be in the critical industries where we have a huge range of products, we put together these big kits and you have to ship them complete. So you might have a kit with 1,000 items in it and you have to ship it complete, yet that business was up pretty well in the quarter. C&I was up nicely in the quarter, and that led critical industries led the way. So I don’t think I can put my finger on any of that. Of course, we had some of that. But we overcame it. Part of it is, like I said, agile marketing, allowing yourself, okay, I got something else to sell. So I think generally, it’s not like we weren’t without impact, but we kind of overcame it. It’s sort of like – you remember – you probably don’t remember this Saturday Night Live, Roseanne Roseannadanna, it’s always something. And this is just something of the day and it’s our job as managers to get through it.
Christopher Glynn: So, right school of management. And so also, just to comment on the balance sheet the stocks down 5% or 6% this morning. You’ve got SOT compounding nicely off of 16% prior year organic. Any kind of fresh thoughts on using the balance sheet to address what looks maybe like a little disconnect between performance and reaction?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I don’t know the electrodes that are implanted in my body giving me the stock price at every moment. I haven’t looked at yet. No, actually, we didn’t see that it was down necessarily. But look, I don’t know, we take advantage of situations. So I don’t know. We say that we’re trying to be agile in terms of share buyback. So I’ll just leave it at that.
Operator: Thank you. We will now move to our next caller. Next, we have Scott Stember with CL King. Please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Scott Stember: Could you break out within the Tools Group? I don’t know if you gave this before hand tools versus some of the bigger ticket items health, how those perform versus last year?
Nick Pinchuk: I’m trying to get off the quarter-by-quarter train of looking at product lines because I don’t know whether they mean that much, but I will tell you that hand tools were down this quarter actually versus what we’re, I would say, in condescent levels of Q3. And the bigger ticket items were up in aggregate double digits. So I think that kind of sets kind sort of a reversal of what’s going to happen in lately. And that – I think that gray actually even though the margin was 28.8% – 20.8%, that’s kind of a drag on margins because the highest margin business is hand tools for us in the Tools Group. So that’s kind of an interesting observation, I think, in that regard. But it seems like, at least for our franchisees that tool storage and diagnostics were getting a little more prominent at this time. Of course, euro versus the pre-pandemic levels, they were all up nicely. It has to be to contribute to the 20.6%.
Scott Stember: Right. So but at least on a year-over-year basis, we’re talking like last year’s hand tools were just through the rest?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Handles tools were down. But – okay, it’s like I said, it’s always something. They go up and down like that. You can’t read too much into a quarter, but that’s what happened. But we kind of think that boy, it was encouraging to us to see tool stores come back double digits and diagnostics to be nice as well.
Scott Stember: Alright. And the SFC, anything that stood out, it sounds like everything was up year-over-year or even versus 2 years ago, more importantly? But is there any products or any one area or line that really stood out?
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t know. No, I wouldn’t say – I don’t think so. It seemed to all be good. I couldn’t parse between. Of course, there are variances in that. I think tool storage very popular at the SFC actually. But I want to point out, Scott, these are all – there are orders. And so you never know. SFC – a great SFC doesn’t guarantee a great finish to the year or first quarter next year. A bad SFC doesn’t doom you to a bad one because you have a lot of other things that goes on between August and the end of the year in terms of selling and ordering and so on. But it’s better than a poke than I would a sharp stick in everything, everything is up double digits. And if you were there, you would have been impressed. I mean the franchisees are pumped. I really mean it. They were – I’ve never seen a more enthusiastic. That’s why we get the idea of exhilaration. I think, we’re going beyond resilience when you’re looking at the auto repair market in this situation.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then last question on the EV side. I know you guys have worked with OEMs and have gained some, I guess, business-related tool kits that are specific in diagnostics to EVs. Is some of that embedded in some of the RS&I increases that you talked about for this quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. It’s – it’s actually – yes, we have a couple of projects in this quarter. I think they are extending – we have one project that’s extended for a couple of quarters, but it’s added a couple – I think another vehicle this quarter where we have from one big manufacturer, we don’t like to name them, but they have four or five EV models that are coming out, and we’re providing a package to dealerships and metered out portion across the country. So there is some of that there. And then, of course, you’ve got dealer FX that is still coming to fruition, but was up nicely quarter-over-quarter, still a little bit of a drag in terms of margins And it’s something year-over-year. So that was pretty nice. We’re seeing ourselves kind of get on that EV train, get in the early warnings. All these things are early warning. I mean when you’re with EV, when you’re getting projects with the OEM, that’s an early warning on what the vehicle is going to need by the time they get into the business. And as dealer effects grows, we have a sort of like a neural network of early warning to see what’s happened in the garage. So we’re kind of positive about that, but it’s a page, there aren’t that many on the road yet.
Scott Stember: Got it. That’s all I have. Thanks again.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay, sure.
Operator: Next, we will go to Luke Junk with Baird. Please go ahead.
Luke Junk: Nick, Aldo, good morning.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning.
Luke Junk: I got two questions this morning. First, Nick, you touched on the benefits of vertical integration in your comments to wrap up the prepared piece. Certainly, a lot of investor attention right now being paid to the supply chain issues and the environment generally speaking. So just hoping you could expand on any steps that you’ve taken going into the fourth quarter and next year. Of course, we can see overall gross margin up 30 basis points year-on-year this quarter. You mentioned RCI-related benefits. I’m sure there is some other factors going into that would it be safe to say that you feel like you’re on the front foot in terms of addressing the current supply chain environment?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, who knows? I mean, every day, there is something new, but I think we’re – what I was trying to say was, Luke, we do take steps and our model enables those stacks to be particularly efficacious. The vertical integration means that we don’t buy that much. Most of the stuff is in our house. If you think about a hand tool, Raw steel comes in the back of the factory. And basically, we add very little when it comes out to you’re worried about steel. We buy the steel in the U.S., short of supply chain. We buy some of our chips in the U.S. And closer place. That’s not bad – circuit boards, those kinds of things, so we have those things as well as one of the advantages we have, Luke, and we do this, we’re very aggressive in spot buying. So we go out a spot buy because we don’t buy large quantities of any one thing. If you’re an auto manufacturer, I used to be in Ford. You’re buying something for the new Mustang or for the Ford Focus or whatever it is, you’re buying a lot of stuff and it’s hard to – once that supply chain gets disrupted because the Shanghai port closes because of a couple of cases, you kind of have trouble to move – get any alternative. Well, if you’re only buying a little bit, you go out, you find them in the intercity of the system, and we have our guys actively doing that. That’s why we are not seeing so much in terms of shortage. It may be still a little cost increase, but then we’re agile pricing. So we don’t have such a big problem in that regard. I’m not saying we’re not actively working because, boy, our people are putting a lot of energy into it, but if you look at the numbers, pretty well managed.
Luke Junk: Thank you for that. And then maybe this might be a question for Aldo. Curious, what insights you draw looking at your current credit metrics in terms of end mechanic customer health and barn capacity from here. I guess specifically, I am looking at the fact that the finance bad debt expense was down quite a bit the last couple of quarters now. And while originations are up, the tools group top line is certainly growing quite a bit faster than originations, especially if I look at, say, a 2-year stack basis. So, just any thoughts there as well as if there is any qualitative feedback from franchisees that would be interesting as well? Thanks.
Aldo Pagliari: So my view, Luke, would be that I think technicians themselves are in a better financial position than where they were maybe a year or 2 years or even back ago. I think that’s a broad statement that applies to many industries. I think you hear that out of the big banks. I mean customers are better servicing their debt than they were before. I think they have more discretionary power and spending. And so far, they have been applying it to their indebtedness. And I think we see the same trends. It’s our job to capture that incremental savings that they might be seeing if they are not borrowing as much as before in capturing business with tool sales. And I think you see that. So, the Snap-on tool sales being up more than originations, I think as I applaud the tools group by being able to entice customers to buy more stuff because they have more money. From what you read from the Bureau Labor statistics, technician wages is doing pretty darn good. So, they seem to be strong. They seem to have more flexibility in what they choose to buy, and they seem to like to buy our products. So again, they are in a better position, I think than they were a year or so ago. And of course, every quarter brings potential new changes. But right now, it’s been running very favorable. And as a result of that, our going forward provision rates are lower than they might have been a year or 2 years ago. It’s going back pre-pandemic, simply because of the debt servicing trends.
Luke Junk: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we move to Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research. Please go ahead.
Gary Prestopino: Good morning everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi Gary.
Gary Prestopino: Got a series of questions here. First of all, Nick as you talk to your franchisees, and you say they are like really pumped. I mean what – can you cite like two or three reasons why they are so optimistic about the repair industry for the next year or so that’s reflected in their order rates?
Nick Pinchuk:
So, Cowan 5231:
Gary Prestopino: Okay. That’s very encouraging. And then in terms of you saw a strong-double digit growth in orders out of the Snap-on Franchisee Conference, what was the growth in orders – well, the 2020 conference and even particularly in the 2019 conference. Do you – off the top of your head, do you remember how you came out of the…?
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t know, but it wasn’t double digits. I mean and it wasn’t as you know. It was probably – if I remember last year it was kind of a little bit less across – sort of across the board in 19, it was probably different ups and downs. So, some guys were up some products, I am talking about guys because I am thinking to the product managers. Some areas were up double digits and others were down. This thing was across the board double digits. It was maple. This is a game plus.
Gary Prestopino: Yes. Great. And then just lastly, on the…
Nick Pinchuk: Gary, before you go away from that, I want to emphasize, like I said for this is orders, not sales, it’s directionally indicative not – but better than a poke and I with a sharp stick, it tells you, you come away feeling good about this. We feel good about this better than we have of any SFC that have been around here.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. That’s fine. And then just lastly, on the diagnostic side. As older cars come into the park that have ADAS, is that directly affecting your end demand for some of your diagnostic products?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Well, it’s actually broadly spoken, I think at first, it’s certainly – it’s affecting the – first, it’s affecting the demand for Mitchell, which is up nicely, because Mitchell has got a very complete ADS suite in it, that’s industry leading. And then it’s also helping to drive the equipment business because the equipment I remember, equipment business is holding up. This conference was going to the dogs. And so the – the TruFit – ADAS system, which I talked about I think is something that’s helping drive that undercar equipment growth. And that’s where you set up a system that helps – that physically calibrates the system in the garage. And it’s also driving some of the diagnostics. But the diagnostics with their intelligent features are probably yet to feel the impetus from that. You will see it coming in future quarters.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you. Sorry about the dog.
Nick Pinchuk: That’s okay. No problem.
Operator: Thank you. We will now move to Liz Suzuki with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thanks for squeezing in my question. Could you talk about what you are seeing in cost inflation and how much of the organic growth in the Tools segment is impacted by price increases as you pass through those cost increases?
Nick Pinchuk: We are not going to go into that necessarily. I would say there is some price increase in there. I wouldn’t say it’s the major portion of the organic growth because price rolls through the system. We are seeing some cost increases, but the tools group has been able to manage that somewhat. To the extent you do get pricing offsetting cost increases, it tends to – it tends to knock down your margins because, of course, you get $1 of sales and $1 a cost that tends to do it. But it wasn’t a major effect in this quarter.
Liz Suzuki: Got it. And then Nick and Aldo, I think you have both touched on this a little bit in the prepared remarks and in the Q&A just about supply chain disruptions. I mean from a competitive standpoint, does this create an opportunity for Snap-on to meet the needs of your customers with some of your competitors that may do more importing, maybe more constrained on inventory?
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. Well, I don’t know. I can’t speak for my competitors about being constrained. Actually, in reality to tell you the truth Liz, we – Snap-on is kind of interesting, it kind of works on itself. Our technicians either decide to buy Snap-on or they decide to buy another group of products. They hard – to choose from another group of products, they hardly ever say, “Oh, I am going to buy another product.” And then say, “Oh, I will settle for the Snap-on as the other one isn’t available.” So, I am not sure how much that helps. It certainly puts us in a better position to grow and probably capture new customers who might not be serviced by these people. There is some of that, I think. But I don’t really like to talk about the competition because we really compete against ourselves pretty much. The better we get, the more franchisees capability we have, the more they are able to sell, the better our product is, the more it grows regardless of what the competition does.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Understood. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we go to David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Yes. Good morning everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
David MacGregor: I wanted to just start off by building on the last question. And I guess it would appear now so you are offsetting a lot of the cost inflation with volume growth in RCI. And I am just wondering what your expectations are for pricing going forward and your ability to price some of that cost inflation going forward rather than relying on volume growth in RCI?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, I think first of all, I think I tried to make the case and I think it’s quite true that we have a lot of insulation against that. We believe that we can price as we need to because you have – we have a direct model in a lot of cases where we are direct to the end customer versus some other people who are going through several layers. And then secondly, the brand position allows us always to be the price leader. So, we pretty much price relative to our prior products when we are doing normal pricing, David. When we are bringing out a new product, we look at where we are happy really where the competition is. So generally, I think to the extent we see costs arising, we can price against that. I don’t have much worry about that. There is probably not in every nook and cranny of our business, but I think it’s true in most of our business, particularly given that – given our brand position.
David MacGregor: Got it. Next question, really, is there a way to sort of help us understand just what sales growth was off the truck, what the sell-through growth was in the quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: No, I can tell you exactly. It was about the same as the sales growth to the truck.
David MacGregor: Okay.
Nick Pinchuk: I can’t give you much insight on what was sold off the truck so much with such precision, but it was pretty much the same.
David MacGregor: Was pretty close. So, how would you characterize truck level inventories right now, Nick? And maybe any way to hand tools versus bigger ticket items, it would be helpful?
Nick Pinchuk: I would say everybody I talk to seems to be looking for tool storage. Now of course, that’s a windshield survey. You are kind of familiar with those. But the thing is that you seem to see – I think there is a need – people want a little more tool storage. I think inventory, if anything are probably down some versus historical levels. Because, yes, this quarter we had equal, but in past quarters, sales off the truck kind of exceeded the – our sales to the truck. So, I think we have had – if you look back over the last three quarters, four quarters, five quarters, six quarters, you have seen that sales off the truck exceeded. So, I think inventories are kind of down. Now I don’t know what that means. I am not sure that there is going to be a restocking or not. I kind of get the feel that maybe they may restock certain product. Tool storage was nice this quarter. I think off to demand. We had a nice – in fact, big ticket was nice double digits this quarter. So, it’s kind of a little bit of a reversal of what’s been happening previously. You haven’t seen it yet fully in the originations, I guess. But look, I think there is a couple of things, I think one, it takes a while to work through that. And then secondly, I think people are kind of paid down their credit. So, they have got their kind of in a situation where they are able to buy some things that they are able to finance themselves.
David MacGregor: Great. I guess just to pick up on your comment about credit. It seems like there has been – and you have talked about this yourself, there has been more rotation towards revolving account credit as opposed to extended credit over the last year or so. And just thinking about how that’s playing out now, your franchisees, obviously, they are a little more liquid. And so maybe in a better position to be able to provide that revolving account credit. I am just wondering how – if you could update us in terms of what credit penetration rates look like for big ticket right now? Once upon a time, I think you told us big ticket was up – was about 90% credit, diagnostics was 50% to 60% credit. What would those credit penetrations look like in kind of this new world?
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t really have that number, but it’s somewhat lower now. Part of it is because I think just what you say, customer is a little more pros. The franchisees are a little more liquid. But also, make no mistake about this optimism floats in this. I mean the franchisees get a little bit more optimistic, and they say, “Hey, if I can put $1 in RA, I am going to get it back. It’s a great investment for me. Why would I put in the bank or something.” So there is some of that flow through the franchise system. What I – what we view is, I think for sure, is that the customers themselves have unused credit or untapped credit capacity. So, that will come up. We haven’t really seen – there was a rotation at the beginning of the virus period toward RA. But this quarter, I would say it’s kind of stayed solid. RA and EC have been the same as last quarter and maybe the quarter before that was the same way. So, we have kind of found that equilibrium right now. We will see how it plays out going forward. Whatever it has, it didn’t impact our big ticket sales this time.
David MacGregor: Yes. Congratulations there. And on the contract, $9.5 million versus the finance receivables, $5.7 million in terms of originations growth, contract has been out in front of finance receivables for a while now. Do you expect that to continue, or do you see that at some point or nearby kind of getting back to a more equal level or maybe finance receivables getting to a faster level of growth of contract?
Aldo Pagliari: No, contract receivables tend to run up a little bit with the Snap-on Franchisee Conference because you get some short-term lower financing arrangements there. But no, there is nothing structurally there that would say that the EC will not get back to higher levels. And I would say EC was pretty decent and the U.S. was above the average in this case. So, they had strong performance and it was nice originations David, in both tool storage and diagnostics in the quarter.
David MacGregor: Yes. Last question for me is just social media sales. And I guess you have kind of alluded to this in your comments, Nick, about online sales. But you don’t have to look very far online to see franchisees selling tools through Facebook and other platforms. Can you just talk about how you foresee that growing? And does that accelerate? Does that help you in terms of your sales going forward?
Nick Pinchuk: Actually David, I wasn’t – in my comments, I wasn’t talking about sales. I was talking about using social media to inform customers about products and promotions and other things, which frees up face-to-face time for actual selling. I don’t really see social media sales as growing that much. I mean it’s not much of a factor right now. Now it might, but I think generally, by and large, the overwhelming use of electronic media via the franchisees are just that to try to orchestrate. Okay, I want you to know about this. So, when I come in and I am going to tell you why you need it, that kind of thing.
David MacGregor: Productivity.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
David MacGregor: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one additional question. Our final question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Nick Pinchuk: Bret Jordan.
Ethan Huntley: Hi, good morning. This is actually Ethan Huntley on for Bret.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay.
Ethan Huntley: Yes, could you just provide any color on the sales cadence throughout the quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: Say that again. I didn’t quite hear it. Could you say it again, please? Sales cadence?
Ethan Huntley: Yes, correct. Yes, just on sales cadence.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Look, it was pretty much the same as past quarters. I think generally, a little bit interrupted – if you want to go back to – I will give you this. If you go back 2 years beyond the COVID era, the third quarter was particularly aberrated by the franchisee conference. So, you get kind of a week early couple of months, certainly early one month in the quarter. July was like a wasteland. And so then things would come roaring back when you got the SFC, people would be keeping their powder dry pretty much. The last 2 years, we have been able to get out of that by a number of artifices. And so it’s a much more standard where you have, of course, a quarter is 4, 5, and so you get kind of that kind of distribution, maybe with a little higher number in the last quarter, but it’s nothing particularly special. I think this quarter of course is above. So, each quarter, it’s kind of an upwards versus its prior numbers. And so you feel like the upward trajectory, you can see it if you look very, very closely at the month-to-month numbers in a quarter as you are going to – as we are going through the months and the quarters and the years upwards. But not much difference in distribution except for that sort of general monotonic trend.
Ethan Huntley: Understood. That’s helpful. Thank you. And then another one here on the corporate expense, it was pretty high, $34 million, up about $10 million year-over-year and $5 million sequentially. I know you mentioned sort of performance-based comp and some brand building costs, but anything outside of those two buckets?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Well, the SFC was live this year. So, you think – look, think of it this way. Okay, we had brand building, we had stock – we had comp expense lease cost. And this was our celebration of our 100th anniversary. So, the SFC and the celebrations we had there were bigger than – bigger and better than any prior years. So, you have some of that into your situation because the franchisees are investing in the company. I think I said they are positive about the days and decades ahead with Snap-on. And so that merits a little bit of celebration when you reach a Centennial milestone. So, there is some of that in there.
Ethan Huntley: Sure. Thank you. And then just one last one, if you don’t mind. Given the strong business performance and cash flow, and I know you sort of mentioned opportunistically repurchasing shares, but where do share repurchases stand in terms of capital allocation given where the stock share is?
Nick Pinchuk: We have a four-piece capital allocation. We tend to be working capital investors. You know what I mean, this is a working capital-intense company. So, when we grow, we tend to – the COVID kind of changed – not changed but obscure that dynamics somewhat. But generally as you grow you have working capital, then we look at acquisitions, we believe we have runways for growth, particularly in owners and managers and the garages or in maybe in C&I in some places. And we have done some of that and Dealer-FX is an example. We have a dividend that we have paid a dividend every quarter since 1939. We have never reduced it. So, we take a look at our dividend with the intent of perpetuity and whether we should increase it or not, and we look at that carefully. And then we are agile about share purchases. So, we have kind of a four-way look at that, and they are all – they are all a draw on what we might do with cash depending on the situation.
Ethan Huntley: Thank you very much.
Operator: That concludes today’s question-and-answer session. Ms. Verbsky, at this time, I will turn the conference back to you for any closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: Thank you all for your attention. This concludes today’s conference call. All participants may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Nick Pinchuk - Chief Executive Officer Aldo Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer Sara Verbsky - Vice President, Investor Relations
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated, Second Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded.  At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Stephanie, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's second quarter results which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's, Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick-off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions.  As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the downloads tab in the webcast viewer, as well as on our website, www.snapon.com, under the Investor section. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release and in our conference call slides on Pages 14 and 15, both can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I'm going to start the call by covering the highlights of our second quarter and along the way I'll give you my perspective on our results. Once again they were encouraging and our markets, robust and promising and our continued progress and strength amidst the pandemic. The pandemic isn’t over, but we believe we're stronger right now than when it all started. Of course, we’ll also speak about what it all means, then Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials.  We believe that our second quarter again demonstrates Snap-on’s ability to continue with the trajectory of positive results, overcoming a variety of ongoing headwinds, accommodating to the lingering virus environment, meeting the challenges of the day across the business world and advancing along our runaways for growth and for improvement.  Our reported sales on the quarter were 1,081.4 million and they were up versus last year, $357.1 million or 49.3%, including $20.6 million of favorable foreign currency change and $19.6 million in acquisition related sales. The organic sales were up 42.5% with significant gains in every group; our fourth straight quarter being above pre-pandemic levels, a V-shaped trajectory that defines resilience and flexible capability.  The OpCo operating income of $217.1 million was up $126 million from last year, which included $4 million of restructuring charge. OpCo operating margin was 20.1%, up from the 2020 level of 12.6% or 13.1% as adjusted for restructuring, representing a 700 basis point as adjusted improvement.  The financial services operating income of $68.9 million increased 19.6%, higher originations, lower losses, delinquencies, below pre-pandemic levels, our finance company passing the greatest stress test of our time with flying colors, and that result combined with OpCo for a consolidated operating margin of 24.5% up 560 basis points as adjusted.  Quarterly EPS was $3.76 up a 103.2% from last year, and excluding the 2020 restructuring charges EPS grew 96.9% versus the pre-pandemic levels of 2019 the EPS grew 16.8%, clearly tracing an ongoing positive trend. I've said it before, but it bears repeating, we believe Snap-on is stronger now than when we entered this great weathering, and we believe our second quarter is emphatic evidence of that fact.  Compared with 2019 our sales in the past quarter grew $130.1 million or 13.7%. That reflects $23 million of acquisition related sales, $17.2 million of favorable foreign currency and $89.9 million or 9.3% organic game.  The 2021 OpCo operating margin of 20.1% was up 10 basis points from 2019, but that gain was achieved against 70 basis points of unfavorable currency and acquisition impacts, all while absorbing the lingering effects of the virus, it's not gone. So, those are the numbers.  From a macro market perspective, it's clear that our automotive repair sector remains favorable. The technicians across the map are still at their posts, repairing cars and trucks, keeping the world running and they are busy, and as expected after the COVID, it appears that people are leaning more towards personal transportation and are holding onto their vehicles longer every year. Auto repair is a strong and resilient market. You can hear it from our franchisees and you can see it in our numbers.  As we look forward we see greater opportunities as vehicle techs encountered even more complex repairs, new technologies, alternative powertrains, greater proliferation of driver assistance electronics, it’s all music to our ears. And then there is the repair shop owners and managers, RS&I territory, a little more mixed, particularly in Europe, but a return to growth in repair, garages and dealerships. They are starting to invest. Undercar equipment and OEM programs are coming back and RS&I is taking advantage of that trend with new equipment offerings and advanced database solution continually improving our software products and our diagnostic releases.  Products like Mitchell 1 Repair Information Software and Shop Management Software and Electronic Parts Catalogues and our Dealer-FX shop management technology, and our heavy duty and our intelligent diagnostic units, big data basis and getting more powerful, and easier to use, helping the shop fix it right the first time efficiently. Repair shop is changing, rising in complexity and RS&I has the products to match.  Finally, let's talk about critical industries where the Snap-on rolls out of the garage, solving past the consequence. This is where the C&I operates, our most international operations where the customers have endured the longest impact of the virus and have been slower to accommodate it or recovering it, what I call varied rates.  Segments like oil and gas and aviations in geographies like Southeast Asia and India still down. But despite the variation we did see growth in critical industries, improvements in education. The students are coming back and in power generation and heavy duty fleet, all combining to offset that continuing turbulence.  So overall I describe our C&I market as healthy and representing clear opportunity, and coupled with auto repair, we believe our markets are robust now and there’s considerable opportunity ahead, and we have opportunity ahead for us as we move along our runways for growth and improvement, and I can't leave [ph] this section, about robust progress and abundant possibilities without speaking on the engine of our advance Snap-on value creation. Customer connection and innovation, developing new products and solutions, born out of insights and observations, gathered right in the workplaces and RCI, guiding the expansion of franchisees selling capacity with better processes, more effective training and a new focus on social media, it will all help drive our progress, overcoming the – accommodating the virus and enabling us to take full advantage of the opportunities and chart a continuing and positive trend forward; that's the overview.  Now let’s move to the segments. In the C&I group, sales in the quarter were up 33.8% or $88.6 million versus 2020, including a $71.3 million or 26.3% organic uplift with double digit progress across all of the divisions. From an earnings perspective C&I operating income of $55.5 million including $1.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency represents a rise of $32.6 million compared to 2020, which included a $2 million or restructuring.  That all means an as-adjusted increase of over 122.9% and the operating margin was 15.8%, an as reported increase of 710 basis points, a rise of 630 basis points as adjusted and an uplift of 120 basis points from the pre-pandemic level in 2019 despite 90 basis points of unfavorable currency. When compared with pre-pandemic 2019, sales were up 4.6%, including a 0.4% organic gain, above flat, now a continuing bright spot for C&I.  SNA Europe did deliver yet another quarter of growth expanding beyond pre-pandemic levels against the wind, with the sparkle of Ergo Tool Management System leading the way, tailoring products specific to customer needs.  Europe is a varied market environment, but SNA in Europe is defining economic gravity again, and that positive was joined by contributions from recovering areas in critical industry like heavy duty, power generation and as I said before, education, whose come to the party just now. And from Asia Pacific geographies like China and Japan, and those gains were balanced by declines in attenuated sectors like the military, aerospace and natural resources, all still weak. We do remain confident in and committed to extending in critical industries and we're committed with great new products.  Speaking of product, in the last quarter it helped solve challenging tasks across aviation and other critical industries. We launched the new Snap-on 14.4 volt microlithium cordless right angle mini drill, with a 6000 RPM, making it ideal for drilling a variety of materials, plastics to aluminum to fiberglass. The unit has a compact 90 degree head, which provides easier access to confined spaces and reduces worker fatigue, it’s a big factor. In addition, it also offers a higher quality chuck that achieves precise drilling with minimum run-out, ensuring tight tolerances are met with considerable reliability.  To top it all off, the drill also utilizes a double ball bearing supported spindle shaft and spiral bevel gears. I know that’s a mouthful, but it all means that the new power tool has a clear superiority and durability. The cordless right angle midi is a great innovation with an array of advantages and the techs are noticing it. So that’s C&I, a promising quarter, moving down it's runways for growth with strong profitability, C&I, OI margin 15.8%.  Now on to the tools group. Sales were $484.1 million up $160.8 million, including $154 million or 46.7% organic gain, double digit growth both in the U.S. and the international operations, and the operating margin was 21.4%, up 930 basis points. Compared with pre-virus 2019 sales grew $78.3 million, including $70.7 million or 17.1% organic gain and this quarter its 21.4% operating margin. It was up 380 basis points compared with the pre-virus numbers, coming out of the pandemic stronger indeed, another power – I was going to say powerful, I guess I could say that, but another positive quarter with double digit expansion across all geographies and all products.  We do believe our van network remains quite strong. Just a few weeks ago I spent time with a dozen franchisees on our – dozen franchisees on our U.S. National Franchisee Advisory Council at our Algona, Iowa tool storage plant and they were pumped and prosperous, excited by their current position, positive about the other vans in the regions - in the regions they represent, and very optimistic about their prospects for even more, beyond the windshield surveys.  We see other indications of continuing strength, like the Business Health Metrics, they remain quite favorable, qualitative and quantitative indicators, both very positive, and that positivity was not just internal, it was reinforced by the external view. Snap-on was recognized again this year among the top 50 in the franchise industry by Entrepreneur Magazine and once again we scored highest in the tools distribution category, place we’ve held for quite some time and now this type of recognition, this kind of positivity reflects the fundamental in contemporary strength of our franchisees and of our overall van business, and would not have been achieved without a continuous stream of unique new products.  Hand tools were up in the quarter and part of that, and part of that torque is rising in importance as more mechanical provisions, precision becomes necessary to support vehicle automation and we are riding that wave with great new products, like our new ATECH micro torque wrench with a quick release head. The quarter inch drive quick release has a positive locking mechanism to retain the socket solidly and securely in place, and at the same time it offers a push button for easy tool disengagement. It holds and it ejects, both important under the hood, at it’s a time saver. It’s quite a time saver in close clearance applications like valve cover removal and spark plug replacements that happen every day in the garage.  The tool also offers visual and – visual, audible, and vibration alerts to confirm that the proper torque has been applied and it has a wide torque range, 12 to 240 pound inches, and the new micro also includes a 50 degree flex head ratchet for better access to fasteners, a 72 tooth quarter inch drive socket ratchet enabling efficient operation in tight areas and a plus or minus 2% accuracy. Our micro tech takes precision fastening to the next level.  Tool storage is also strong in the quarter and part of that success was our KTL 1023 A3 Roll Cab, a wide 72 inch Triple-Bank Tool storage box. It offers three extra wide drawers for longer and larger tools, giving the technician more organizational options. Our patented lock and roll latch mechanism which prevents draws from drifting opened and our ISO-Ride® Caster for riding a smooth ride, smooth rolling and excellent weight capacity, plus, plus it adds our LED lighted power top which spans the full width of the cabinet for better illumination and great eye appeal. It includes 10 offset AC outlets and 4 USB ports for charging a larger array of the tech select electronics. The KTL 1023 A3, storage efficiency in a box that captures sharp attention in any shop. Sales of the unit, well it’s a sellout.  Our new products are in fact making a difference in the tools group. You can’t miss it in the numbers. They also – and the group also registered its fourth straight quarter of above pre-pandemic levels, the tools group unmistakably is moving onward and upward.  Now on to the RS&I group. Sales were up 62.7% or $153.6 million versus last year, including $135.7 million or 54.1% organic uplift with double digit growth weighted toward our under car equipment and our OEM project businesses. But with our diagnostics and information product businesses still delivering strong double digit increases in addition to the waiting towards undercar equipment and OEM projects.  From an earnings perspective RS&I operating income of $86.7 million represents a rise of $36.1 million or 71.3% compared to 2020, which included $1.4 million of restructuring. And the operating margin was 21.8%, an increase of 110 basis points from last year, 60 basis points as adjusted but again to the 180 basis point impact of unfavorable currency and acquisition affects.  When compared with 2019, sales were up 14.2% as reported and organic growth was $29.7 million or 8.4% with double digit advances in undercar equipment, OEM projects, diagnostics and information in North America, all of that being attenuated by a general weakness in Europe. For profitability the OI margin was 21.8% -- the OI margin of 21.8% was down 360 basis points, with a 150 point impact from unfavorable currency and acquisition effects and with a further drag from the higher sales of undercar equipment in OEM projects, both at the lower end of RS&I margins.  Having said that, RS&I has great opportunities and we are fortifying its way forward with more new products. We just introduced our new ZEUS Mobile work centers, giving the technicians the ability to use the full capabilities of our top of the line diagnostics information systems, including our exclusive fast track intelligent diagnostics from anywhere on the service bay. It is a compact footprint for great mobility, reaching all over the shop. It also incorporates a lockable tool drawer, tool storage cabinets and a large 27 inch touch-screen display.  The new ZEUS workstation offers significant improvements in convenience, in security and in visibility, combined with the power of our most sophisticated databases. It's just the ticket for those shops that want to solve the most difficult repair challenges and want to visibly display their advance capability for all the customers to see as they come in the shop, and the new workstation is making a difference, attracting attention and it's setting new volume levels for this category.  So to wrap-up RS&I, improving position with repair shop owners and managers, strong growth across all the divisions, recovering areas of undercar equipment and OEM projects and expanding product lines to lead the way forward.  Well, those are the highlights of the quarter, tools group, strong progress everywhere, unmistakable strength. C&I reporting a positive performance with significant profitability against variations across industry and geographies and RS&I expanding volume in independent repair shops and OEM dealerships, gains in the U.S. overcoming weakness in Europe.  Overall sales increasing for the corporation up nicely, both versus last year at 42.5% up and compared with pre-pandemic levels at 9.3% up, continuing our V-shaped recovery. OpCo operating margin, a strong 21% up again in the face of 70 basis points of unfavorable currency and acquisition effect. EPS, $3.76 in the quarter, up for the fourth quarter in a row, up versus last year, up versus last quarter, up versus pre-pandemic levels. It was another encouraging quarter.  Now, I’ll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo.
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on slide six. The second quarter of 2021 exhibited solid financial performance, particularly as compared to last year's heavily pandemic impacted second quarter. The results also compared favorably with the second quarter of 2019, which being a pre-COVID-19 time period may serve to be the more meaningful baseline.  Net sales of $1,081.4 million in the quarter increased 49.3% from 2020 levels, reflecting a 42.5% organic sales gain, $19.6 million of acquisition related sales and $20.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Sequentially organic sales improved by 4.5% as compared to the first quarter of 2021. Additionally, net sales in the period increased 13.7% from $951.3 million in the second quarter of 2019, including a 9.3% organic gain, $23.0 million of acquisition-related sales, and $17.2 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Consolidated gross margin of 50.2% improved 310 basis points from 47.1% last year, which included 30 basis points from restructuring costs. The gross margin contributions from the higher sales volumes and benefits from the company's RCI initiatives were partially offset by 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects.  Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales of 30.1% improved 440 basis points from 34.5% last year, which included 20 basis points from restructuring costs. The improvement primarily reflects the benefits of higher sales volumes, partially offset by higher stock based cost and 70 basis points of unfavorable acquisition effects.  Operating earnings before financial services of $217.1 million compared to $91.1 million in 2020, reflecting 138.3% year-over-year improvement. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 20.1% improved 750 basis points from 12.6% last year, which included 50 basis points for restructuring costs.  Financial services revenue of $86.9 million in the second quarter of 2021 compared to $84.6 million last year, while operating earnings of $68.9 million increased $11.3 million from 2020 levels, primarily as a result of higher revenue and lower provisions for credit losses. Consolidated operating earnings of $286 million increased 92.3% from $148.7 million last year.  As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 24.5% compared to 18.4% in 2020, which included 50 basis points from restructuring costs. Excluding the restructuring costs, operating earnings margin in 2021 increased 560 basis points from last year.  Our second quarter effective income tax rate of 23.3% compared to 24.1% last year, which included a 20 basis point increase related to the prior year quarter's restructuring charges. Net earnings of $208 million of $3.76 per diluted share increased to $106.8 million or $1.91 per share from last year's levels, representing a 103.2% increase in diluted earnings per share.  As compared to 2020, excluding the restructuring charges of $3.3 million after tax or $0.06 per diluted share, diluted earnings per share increased 96.9%. Relative to the second quarter of 2019, net earnings increased $27.6 million or $0.54 per share, representing a 16.8% increase in diluted earnings per share.  Now, let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the C&I group on slide seven, sales of $350.5 million increased 33.8% from $261.9 million last year, reflecting a 26.3% organic sales gain, $7.7 million of acquisition related sales and $9.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation.  The organic gain reflects higher activity in all of the segments operations and includes mid-teen increases in sales to customers in critical industries. Within critical industries, robust sales gains were achieved in general industry, heavy duty and technical education, but were partially offset by year-over-year declines in sales to the military, which had remained strong in the pandemic impacted period last year.  As a further comparisons, net sales in the period increased 4.6% from 2019 levels, reflecting $1.4 million of organic sales gains, $7.7 million of acquisition related sales and $6.4 million of favorable foreign currency translation. As compared to 2019, sales in our European based hand tools business were up high single digits. With respect to critical industry sales activity in that period, our military, international aerospace and natural resources segments were below 2019 levels. All other critical industry segments are at or about the second quarter of 2019.  Gross margin of 39.5% improved 510 basis points from 34.4% in the second quarter of 2020, which included 80 basis points from restructuring charges. Contributions from the higher sales volumes and the improvements resulting from the lower restructuring costs were partially offset by 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects.  Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 23.7% improved 200 basis points compared to last year, primarily as a result of the improved volumes. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $55.5 million including $1.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $22.9 million last year. The operating margin of 15.8% compared to 8.7% a year ago.  Turning now to slide eight. Sales in the Snap-on tools group of $484.1 million increased 49.7% from $323.3 million in 2020, reflecting a 46.7% organic sales gain and $6.7 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase reflects a gain of approximately 40% in our U.S. business and a gain of approximately 80% in our international operations, with strong growth across all product lines.  Net sales in the period increased 19.3% from $405.8 million in the second quarter of 2019, reflecting a 17.1% organic sales gain and $7.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Additionally, sales in the U.S. operation were up 18.8% in that period, while franchisees sales of the van versus 2019 were up 21%. Gross margin of 46.8% in the quarter improved 510 basis points from last year, primarily due to the higher sales volumes, benefits from RCI initiatives and 50 basis points from favorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 25.4% improved from 29.8% last year, primarily due to the higher sales volumes. Operating earnings for the Snap-on tools group of $103.5 million compared to $38.4 million last year. The operating margin of 21.4% compared to 11.9% a year ago, an improvement of 950 basis points.  Turning to the RS&I group shown on slide nine, sales of $398.6 million compared to $245 milling a year ago, reflecting a 54.1% organic sales gain, $11.9 million of acquisition related sales and $6 million of favorable foreign currency translation.  The organic increase reflects a rise of approximately 80% in sales of undercar equipment, as well as a gain of approximately 50% in sales to OEM dealership and an increase of approximately 30% in sales of diagnostics and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers. As compared to 2019 levels, net sales increased $49.7 million from $348.9 million, reflecting an 8.4% organic sales gain, $15.3 million of acquisition related sales and $4.7 million of favorable foreign currency translation.  Gross margin of 44.7% declined from 47.4% last year, primarily due to the impact of higher sales and lower gross margin businesses and 40 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, partially offset by 70 basis points of benefits from acquisition. As a reminder, undercar equipment, as well as the facilitation program related activity, both of which had healthy sales increases in the quarter, typically have a gross margin rate that is below the RS&I segment’s average.  Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 22.9% improved 380 basis points from 26.7% last year, which included 50 basis points of restructuring costs. Contributions from the higher sales volumes and benefits from lower costs related to restructuring were partially offset by 190 basis points of unfavorable acquisition effects. Operating earnings for the RS&I group of $86.7 million compared to $50.6 million last year. The operating margin of 21.8% compared to 20.7% a year ago.  Now, turning to slide 10. Revenue from financial services of $86.9 million compared to $84.6 million last year. Financial services operating earnings of $68.9 million compared to $57.6 million in 2020. Financial services expenses of $18 million decreased $9 million from 2020 levels, primarily due to lower provisions for credit losses resulting from $2.8 million of lower year-over-year net loan charge offs, as well as favorable loan portfolio trends which support lower expected reserve requirements. As a percent of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were eight-tenths of 1% and 1.3% in the second quarter of 2021 and 2020 respectively.  In the second quarter the average yield on finance receivables of 17.5% in 2021 compared to 17.6% in 2020. The respective average yield on contract receivables was 8.5% and 8.2%. The lower yield on contract receivables in 2020 includes the impact of lower interest business operations support loans for our franchisee. These loans were offered during the second quarter of 2020 to help accommodate franchisee operations in dealing with the COVID-19 environment. As of the end of the current quarter, approximately $8 million of these business operation support loans remain outstanding.  Total loan originations of $285.8 million in the second quarter increased $30 million or 11.7% from 2020 levels, reflecting a 17.9% increase in originations of finance receivables, while originations of contract receivables were down 11.5%. Last year's contract receivable originations included the aforementioned offering of business operation support loans to qualified franchisees during the second quarter of 2020. Moving to slide 11, our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.2 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.9 billion from our U.S. operation. Our worldwide gross financial services portfolio increased $13.2 million in the second quarter, primarily due to the higher originations.  The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.2% in the United States extended credit is up 20 basis points from the rate of 1% in the second quarter of 2020. As we commented during our second quarter 2020 earnings call, we estimated in the quarter the 60-day plus delinquency rate was favorably affected by 20 to 30 basis points as a result of forbearance and deferred payment programs in place during that period last year.  As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, trailing 12 month net losses of $41.6 million representing 2.4% of outstandings at quarter end is down 15 basis points sequentially and down 53 basis points compared to the same period last year.  Now turning to slide 12, cash provided by operating activities of $238.2 million in the quarter decreased $15.4 million from comparable 2020 levels, primarily reflecting the higher net earnings more than offset by net changes in operating assets and liabilities, including $98.4 million of higher income tax payments. The increase in cash paid for income taxes reflects both higher levels of taxable profitability, as well as the IRS no longer allowing companies to defer estimated tax payments as compared to the IRS accommodation offered during the second quarter of 2020.  Net cash used by investing activities in the $29.7 million included net additions of finance receivables of $18.7 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $147.9 million included cash dividends of $66.7 million and the repurchase of 566,900 shares of common stock for $137.4 million under our existing share repurchase programs, partially offset by proceeds from stock purchase and option plans of $61.8 million. As of quarter end, we have remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $251.6 million of common stock under existing authorizations.  Turning to slide 13, trade and other accounts receivable increased $4.7 million from 2020 year end. Day sales outstanding of 56 days compared to 64 days at 2020 year end. Inventories increased $14.4 million from 2020 year end, but on a trailing 12 month basis inventory turns of 2.7 compared to 2.4 at year end 2020.  Our quarter end cash position of $965.9 million compared to $923.4 million at year end 2020. Our net debt to capital ratio of 10.8% compared to 12.1% at year-end 2020. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million in available credit facilities. As of quarter end there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility and there are no commercial paper borrowings outstanding.  That concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance. I’ll now briefly review a few of the guidance for 2021. We anticipate that capital expenditures will be in a range of $90 million to $100 million. We currently anticipate absent any changes the U.S. tax legislation, that our full year 2021 effective income tax rate will be in a range of 23% to 24%. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks Aldo. Well, at the beginning I said I would speak on what this all means, I want to try. First, it means that Snap-on and its markets are resilient. The virus, probably the greatest threat to our society and to business and in many decades it was a great shock. Miles driven down big dealerships, many furloughed, no travelers, aviation, no travelers, oil and gas and free-fall [ph] and education, virtually little need for equipment, nobody is in the classrooms, and yet we weathered this shock without trauma.  The credit company stepped in with just the right bridging at just the right place for customers and franchisees and our direct selling vans kept rolling, quickly accommodating to the environment. Snap-on kept investing in our product, our brands and our people, and we accommodated and recovered to post four straight quarters of above pre-pandemic results, tracing a B shaped recovery and emerging from the height of the storm stronger than we entered, resilience against the greatest business threat in memory. But it's more than resilience, more than bounce back, it also demonstrates great flexibility. As the world passed through this shock, through accommodations of psychological recovery, change was the order of the day and Snap-on adjusted. Fuel by our fortified advantages and product brand and people, we accommodate it. The pandemic limited face-to-face interaction. We expanded virtual contact and came away with some long term social media tools that will enable our franchisees for some time.  When technicians focused on shorter pay back items, we gave them hand tools and power tools and torque. When repair leaned away from maintenance to complex repairs and the shock, we provided ADAS calibration tools and intelligent diagnostics and helped our franchisees expand their selling capacity to manage those more complicated offerings efficiently.  When some critical industries weaken, we developed offerings for those that maintained. When the virus attenuated the distributors in Europe, we focused on customization and more direct interactions. All of that achievement in a time of change demonstrate Snap-on’s flexibility and confirms we can prosper mid-future change going forward as we've always done, by observing work and solving whatever the new problems are.  Snap-on’s second quarter, tools grew up in all geographies and in all product lines. Sales up 17.1% compared with 2019 and OI margins up 21.4%. C&I gains offsetting the challenges of the lingering COVID, rising profitability to 15.8%, up 120 basis points from the pre-pandemic level, even with the 90 basis point impact from unfavorable currency.  RS&I, sales up 8.5% versus 2019. Undercar equipment and OEM projects recovering in an OI of 21.8% down from the pre-pandemic, but still strong. In Snap-on overall sales is up 9.3% organically versus 2019, an OI margin of 20.1% and an EPS at $3.76, up meaningfully versus every comparison. It was an encouraging period again, demonstrating resilience and flexibility. Encouraging for the now and we're confident, encouraging for the prospects of growth and improvement for the future on through 2021 and well beyond.  Before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly to our franchisees and associates. Your support is the fundamental element in driving our continuing positive trend; for your role in helping our society and our company to navigate the pandemic, you have my admiration. For your contributions in offering this quarter’s strong results, you have my congratulations; and for your continued commitment to the Snap-on team, you have my thanks.  Now, I’ll turn the call over to the operator. Operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hey! Good morning guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: When you think about the mechanic in the tool segment, you know I guess demand has been very strong, we're hearing a lot about labor rate inflation. Are you seeing a real change in their buying patterns that they are more liquid than they have historically been, and you know more biased to pay cash for higher ticket items I guess? 
Nick Pinchuk: I think it's a combination of that. I think they are. I think they are and our franchisees are more flush and therefore they are able to underwrite the shorter payback that even for bigger, even for a medium ticket items which might have going on EC before the franchisees are willing to underwrite it and let them pay RA.  I do think the technicians are kind of – have good cash, because the business has been going well for quite a long period of time and they are interested in continually investing in tools, so you see that as a factor. I mean that's certainly a factor in the business. And one of things we see is, is that you'll notice that RA is very strong versus EC in this quarter and we see that as you know the technicians are buying and still have capacity to buy more in the future, because they have borrowing capacity under our EC. 
Bret Jordan: When you think about the technicians as they relate to this next round of stimulus on the child tax credits, do you have any demographic color as to whether they are more or less likely to have kids that are going to give them a stimulus check? 
Nick Pinchuk: You know, I don't know, the technician population is pretty spread. I wouldn't say they are more or less. In fact I think they are – I think they are the kind of the average, the every man. There are old technicians and young technician, so I don't think there's any particular concentration. You know you don't go into a garage and see all young people. You don't go see all old people either, so I don't think there's any particular position in that and they have some kids, but not different than the regular population. By the way, you know Aldo has to apologize for his voice. He was at the Deer District overnight at the Bucks game, so he's a little under the weather.
Bret Jordan: Thanks guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Curtis Nagle with Bank of America.
Curtis Nagle: Thanks very much. Just a quick one. You just – I got to ask this, because you brought it up a couple of times in the prepared remarks about new social media tools. Could you expand on what you're talking about, what these tools are, your targeting new customers? [Cross Talk] 
Nick Pinchuk: They are no so much – sure, they target new customers, but what I’m really referring to hear without – I didn't want to get into in the remarks because there’ll be a lot to say and I don't.  Really what this is we used social media before, but in the pandemic we realized a more effective way to use them was to pre-brief customers, in other words to contact them. You know at first we started out by saying, okay, we want to stay in touch with our customers via social media or any electronic means that could do it at a distance, but then we realized, Boy! It's a powerful tool for making for sales efficiency when you're actually in front of them.  Because what you can do is contact them on the social media, you have a relationship with them, you can pre-brief them about how a great new prod – what the elements of a particular new product is, like the 14.4V power tool I talked about or the Techwrench I talked about and then you can also pre-brief them on any promotions we might have. And so then when you're actually spending the time in front of the technician, you can spend your time closing the deal. This kind of shrinks the time and so it takes some of the pre-sell out of the face time and makes it more efficient, that's what we're talking about here. We learned how to do that very well in this – in the pandemic and that's going to serve us well.  And as part of the idea, remember I always said that the pacing element for sales through the tools group has been the franchisees time where they are hitting new limits. They are up 17% versus pre-pandemic levels and it's because we've expanded their capacity. 
Curtis Nagle: Got it, okay. And just you know a follow-up, just any general comments in the U.S. tools group in terms of competition with your – well your close competitors Matco and anything – any notable changes relative to your last quarter? 
A - Nick Pinchuk: Jeez, I don't know. I can tell you – you know I just spent. We were – Aldo and I were just in California talking to our franchisee. You know we were out there visiting plants and we visit franchisees and I was at the NFAC at our Algona plant and I was like, those guys think they're crushing it. So I don't know what that means in terms of market share, but it sounds good to me. 
Curtis Nagle: Got it, okay. Fair enough. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Stember with C.L. King.
Scott Stember: Good morning, guys and congrats on the Bucks win. 
Nick Pinchuk: The Bucks, yeah this is NBA Championship Headquarters right here.
Scott Stember: Just talking about in tools you guys said that everything was up pretty much. It sound like tools led the way, hand tools. Can you talk about the diagnostics? [Cross Talk]
Nick Pinchuk: Excuse me Scott, I didn't actually say that. Hand tools did not lead the way this quarter. It was up big, but actually the best year-over-year number was tool storage. 
Scott Stember: Oh okay. 
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, but they were all big. I mean when you compare it to 2020, everything looks great you know. I mean it's all great, that was the nature of downturn. But there is no doubt, what I tried to say with that, all products, all geographies, just our way of saying that tools group had a gangbusters quarter. 
Scott Stember: Got it. And any comments on tools, I mean on sales off of the van versus sell-in. The last couple of quarters you had sounded like it was pretty much in line.
A - Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, I think Aldo said – yeah, they are generally holding in line and like Aldo said, it was what, you know we were up 17% versus pre-pandemic levels and sales of the van were up 21 I think or something like that. So I think you know it's going pretty well, just rolling through the van. 
Scott Stember: Good. And lastly on Europe, European within Snap-on tools, tremendous growth there. Maybe just speak to what's been driving the recovery there and did you give – for Europe at least, are we back to pre-pandemic levels for tools? 
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, Europe is above pre-pandemic levels. Now, okay to be fair you know, Europe wasn't all that hot you know in 2019, but it's still clearly above the pre-pandemic levels. In other words it's offset whatever the impact of the pre-pandemic was. The tools group is pretty much across all geographies, which is kind of interesting, because there ain’t no stimulus in the U.K. and Australia and Canada. 
Scott Stember: Got it. Thanks again for taking my questions.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Luke Junk with Baird.
Luke Junk: Good morning Nick, Aldo. Good talking this morning.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi Luke.
Luke Junk: So first question I had, a near term question. As we get further into the psychological recovery post the onset of COVID, we saw an increase in originations both year-over-year and sequentially this quarter. Nick, as you put your finger on the pulse of bigger ticket purchases, tool storage especially, do you feel like we're getting closer to or may be already at an inflection point in terms of mechanic attitudes around discretionary spend right now?
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, I think we are. I mean I don't know. Who – you know it could be famous last words Luke you know. You got a lot of people talking about the delta variant and all this stuff, I don't think so. I think the people of work, the people in the factories and the people in the garages, like I’ve said on other calls, are kind of thinking you know they've weathered the storm you know and they're not going to get shocked again no matter what, and so I think they kind of changed their level, they are starting to recover, and so you start to see people – you know we saw it in our tool storage numbers. One of the reasons why we took the franchisees, you know the franchise council to Algona, our tool storage plant, is everybody is screaming for more tool storage. Now, one of the effects was that when we entered the COVID they sold down their used inventory – their used boxes that they had taken in trade you know, so they had a lot of that rolling out, but still they are looking for boxes now, so I think things have turned.  The question is, are the franchisees so flush with cash that they want to finance some of those boxes or some of them, sometimes they sell them a locker, which is not quite as expensive as a box and they can afford to finance those kinds of things. But I do think, when I talk to franchisees, they are telling me that they’ve kind of turned the corner. They’ve turned the corners probably to – maybe too binary a word for it you know. We were coming back though. Things are pretty optimistic in the shops. 
Luke Junk: Good, that’s helpful. And second, wondering, looking forward here, how we should think about the impact of the franchisee conference this year. What I'm wondering is both in absolute terms, i.e., what is that event going to look like this year, and also in relative terms given the unique nature of last year's virtual conference. 
A - Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, look it's going to be bigger than any of the conference, we think, who knows? We still got a few weeks ago, but registrations are higher than they've ever been. When I talk to the franchisees, they are really excited about going, no matter who I talked to. I heard – they were always kind of optimistic about it, but this one is really big, because it's – you know we're celebrating our 100th really and they’ve been kind of – and they’ve been away for – they didn't have it last year, so they are really, really talking about it, so it’s going to be bigger I think, and so what will the effect be.  I’ve said for dogs age on these calls that the third quarter can be a little bit variable, because there's a lot of wind – you know how many people go to the franchise conference, do they take more weeks, what happens in Europe and so on, but I'm telling you, I am not forecasting any weakness or anything like that. I'm just telling you, you never know how those things are going to turn out, but I like how we’re entering the quarter, I like our moment you know. So I think whatever happens, we'll make the best of it. We're in a great position to navigate the quarter.  Hello? Okay, he was – he had to go to the Bucks celebration, so okay, don’t ask right. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Aldo, feel better.
Aldo Pagliari: Yeah, I got it Chris, I got it covered.
Christopher Glynn: Alright. So you know great commentary on the momentum and the overall buzz around the operations. The counts are kind of binary into the back half and you know your language around tools is that the momentum is so robust, you know storage sold out. So you know I think you were a little more hedged the last couple quarters about what current run rates mean for continued growth, but what I'm hearing is you're very confident and you can continue to compound not just overall, but at SOT. So I just wanted to bounce that off you, if I’m kind of hearing you right. 
Nick Pinchuk: You know you're not going to get me to forecast the quarter, you know what I mean. I'm not going to say you know we're going to build on a 17 – they were upward over 17% increase over pre pandemic levels. But all I'm saying is the tools group, the reason why we say all products all geographies is we can't find anything wrong with it, and we always can find warps in some places you know, this is a good, you know what I mean, so we like our moment. How that plays out in the third quarter, I'm not sure.  You know you've been on the call. We’ve been on these calls a long time and I've always said that the third quarter is not – I'm saying I like our momentum. I think we're going into the quarter really strong. We feel stronger than last quarter, but I will add that I've always said that the third quarter is not necessarily a trend indicator, whether it's way up or way down, it has to do with all that windage, you know how many how many vacations to people take in Europe is one big thing, and the franchisees are allowed to take the same vacation as last year or more, I don't know, but I do think I haven't seen the tools group this strong. 
Christopher Glynn: Okay, great. And just a more pointed question. Are you seeing an increased uptake in interested and franchisees adopting second associates over the past couple months. 
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah well, if you – you know I don’t know. I think – look it’s starting to come out of the thaw, because I think you can imagine why people are a little more reluctant in the COVID. There’s a lot of interaction questions, a lot of viscosity and that kind of thing. I think they grew by 2% to 2.5% sequentially, so that's not bad I think.  So whether that has to do with the thaw or actually people getting more excited, I don't know. I do think when I talked to franchisees, they do more quickly go to the conversation. Gee! May be I ought to get a – I’m doing so many, so much business, maybe I better get a franchisee. The guy in California was just talking about that. This guy just started like a few years ago. He signed up for a competitor and then he was talking to the guy and he said, you ought to go – the guy was sold him the thing. He wanted to go to the best, so he came to Snap-on and the thing is this guy is so pumped, he is going up so far, he's talking about, gee, maybe I could do more with an assistant. I need an assistant and a lot more and more people are doing that. So we would expect some expansion in this area. 
Christopher Glynn: Great! Thanks. 
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. 
David MacGregor : Hey! Good morning everyone. And Nick, congratulations on a really strong quarter. Just outstanding growth, outstanding results across the enterprise. So I guess I wanted to understand, just a couple of housekeeping questions. What was the changer of provisions? If you mentioned that, I missed it. 
Nick Pinchuk: Change? Sorry Dave, change of provisions? 
David MacGregor : Yeah, a question for Aldo. Didn’t you…
Aldo Pagliari: Specifically David, we said that the charge offs were lower by $2.8 million. But the charge-offs are just one of the indicators. When you look at your overall provision for losses, its down about $9 million to cut to the chase, but that's based on an assessment of what is the reserves side that we think we need for expected losses over the duration of the portfolio, which runs a little over four years on average, so that's the change of order.  But again as you’ll see – you'll get more information obviously when the Q comes out, but if you look at charge offs are lower, the 60 plus day delinquency rate is lower, the net trailing 12 month losses are lower. The recoveries are better, the non-performing loans number are lower, the amount of past due accounts are lower. So you’ll put that all together and that what’ll arrive – lets us arrive at the conclusion that the reserves were able to be reduced somewhat. 
David MacGregor : Sure, that makes sense. But $9 million is the number, that’s what I was looking for.  I guess my question is, I guess going back to the whole discussion around originations and Nick, you talked about the fact that the technicians are just in better shape today than they've been in a while. I guess you know a lot of stimulus and a little wage growth will do that. But I just wondered right now to what extent you think the slower origination growth may be attributed to technicians. Again, because they're in better shape, just qualifying for lower cost credit from alternative sources and they are just going on. 
Nick Pinchuk: Well I, you know I have a tougher time figuring that out. I don't think so though, because it might be, it might be in the U.S. I don't think – I actually don't think David, I don't think stimulus is a much of a factor, maybe some, because you know we have pretty good growth in international operations. We don't see as clear a pumping of the money into the economy. So when we look at it across the world, it doesn't seem as though that specific characteristic of America is a factor. I don't know – maybe, but I tend to think it's more a combination of the franchisees feeling more flush.  You know you kind of got an interesting interaction. You have people who at first were leaning toward shorter payback items, and maybe that expands to away from hand to you know past handled tools up into lockers or spiffier [ph] tops for tools storage boxes which are more, which are more fundable by the franchisees over time. Franchisees like to build their shorter term credit, so they like that, and it is true that the technicians do have more cash. I mean they've been working all through the pandemic, and so that that's kind of built up in a relative cash. It could be eligible for other credit, we have no way of knowing that. I don't hear anybody mention it though.  Now, I talked to a lot of franchisees and they may not necessarily mention, but we haven't heard, we have heard that particular thing come up in any environment, so I don't know. 
David MacGregor : Yes, it’s an interesting dynamic. I guess we’ll watch and see where it goes. You talked about the strength in storage, which I guess was surprising to hear and certainly strength to me is counterintuitive given – it's hard to think of another product you sell that would be more carbon steel intensive, and given you know cold rolled steel now hitting $2,000 a ton this week, you know there has been an awful lot of inflation which I'm assuming you past through. So is there just no elasticity there in storage or are legacy storage sales kind of flat and what were you seeing the growth on – why this new product introductions? 
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, no it was a strong quarter in storage. I think somewhat, I'd like to think our offerings are kind of spiffier than they have been. You know I talked about this extra wide, the 72 inch master series in the call with the lighted top, those things are statement makers in garages, and I think that having refrained from some this for a period of time, technicians are getting more anxious to buy them and they have the money and they get are getting a little more confident, so they go out and look at them. That’s really – I think that's the situation.  I wouldn’t say there is no elasticity, but I think you know – I mean is there elasticity with new cars. I mean the thing is people are buying new cars and reused cars and so on. I mean so I think when people want something in this category, which is I’ve often said, I think you and I have had conversation that a tool storage box like car, so people tend to want them and they’ll pay a little bit more. It’s not no elasticity, but people will go up and pay from them, that's my analysis.  It's really the psychology and the need. A combination of need and psychology and our biggest cycle – the product we have, which is the biggest psychological factor in people buying is tool storage. Now, all I can tell you is, our tool storage plant is sold out, sold out. 
David MacGregor : Yeah, that’s fantastic, that’s great. I guess, you talk about the strong growth in storage. How much of that growth was from some of the new products? I guess what was the legacy product growth looking like? 
Nick Pinchuk: Well look, I think when I say – I don't know, I don't have that number at my fingertips, but there's a lot of wrinkles you can put in tool storage you know. Like we wouldn't necessarily call a new color a new product. On the other hand, if you roll out a new color, remember when we rolled out purple, there was an explosion you know, so some of that happens. It just has to do with the wrinkle that makes it, oh! This is the best box in the shop or it’s the newest thing, that's really what happens. So we are constantly doing that stuff. 
David MacGregor : I just want to wrap up, one last question, and I guess you know you kind of touched on this earlier in your conversation, so maybe I'll ask the question in a slightly different way, but I’m just thinking about tool segment growth sort of going forward and prior to the pandemic tools were struggling with growth for a rather extended period of time, and certainly we are coming short of that 4% goal that you’d set for the segment.  Now, you know through the last four quarters, you know just sort of the easy compares are behind you, but you deliver remarkable growth through that period of time, including on a two year basis just to be fair. I guess if we think about the growth potential for the business now that you know you have four easy compares that are behind you, I guess what has changed the support or sort of growth going forward and what gives you confidence that the segment can track forward at greater than 4% when you were having so much [Cross Talk].
Nick Pinchuk: Okay, I’ll tell you, it is this way, a simple statement. We figured out new ways to expand the selling efficient of the franchisees. This has happened before, there's a precedent for this. If you go back and you look before that term which you told, you know you said that they struggled for growth, and it’s a fair characterization in some ways, between 11 and 16 the compounded annual growth rate was 7.2% and that was fueled by the expansion of the capabilities we found artifices [ph] would do that, the vans, the Rock 'n Roll Cab and so on, and in this case, we believe we’ve broken through another ceiling to a new level and it's provable by the absolute amounts that are flowing through the vans at this point.  So that's certainly true for us and so we keep – we've always said, keep pounding that and we can sell more. We're not bound by the market; we are bound by our ability to sell. And so that's part of it, that's part of getting those franchisees to be able to deal with these more complex products, and we think we've made a step change over the last – now we’ve been investing in it for like three years or something. You know trying to get that, but we think we've done it, and we think this is probable by the absolute amounts. Whatever the source of that volume is, it proves that the franchisees can accommodate it, they couldn't before. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research. 
Gary Prestopino: Hey! Good morning everyone.
A - Nick Pinchuk: Hey Gary!
Gary Prestopino: Most of the questions have been answered, but I guess I just wanted to pick up on some of the things the last questioner was asking, as it relates to the margins. You know it looks like your tool and C&I margins from Q2 ‘19 have expanded fairly significantly, particularly the tools group. I mean is there anything that's inherently changed in the business or is that just the function of, that's just the leverage of the business with the sales growth? 
Nick Pinchuk: Well look, I think there is leverage you know in that situation, so that's good. I think it would be a mistake to overlook the idea that embedded in there is some pricing to offset. You know we’ve got a whole bunch of – we've got material costs in there. I don't want to get in as its documented, but we got a great dollar for material costs. Anybody who's reading the press sees that the varying levels of steel we use from steel rod to plate steel to sheet steel and on have gone up tremendously. The costs of freight are up tremendously, yet through pricing and RCI we shove them aside and we got that 20.  So yes, there's leverage, but there's also great RCI in there that’s dealing with the material cost, that’s one thing to think about. So you got a combination of those and you have some other costs in there. I think we talked about it, I think you will see some of it when you see in the Q, but I do think it's a combination of those working very well.  21.4 I think might be the highest we've ever seen in the tools group, I don't know, but we kind of hope to get the highest every quarter actually. So I don't like to say that, but we're pretty pleased with that. 
Gary Prestopino: Okay, thank you. 
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to now turn it back to our presenters for any closing remarks. 
Sara Verbsky : Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day! 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated First Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Nick, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's first quarter results which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's, Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick-off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investor section. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release and in our conference call slides on Pages 14 through 16. Both can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I'll start the call by covering the highlights of our first quarter and along the way, I'll give you my perspective on our results, they are encouraging, on our markets they're standing firm and, on our progress, it's made us stronger than ever before. And we'll also speak about what it all means. We believe it means we're getting better and better position for more even while we're still in the midst of a once in a 100-year pandemic. After all that Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. We believe our first quarter is clear confirmation of Snap-on's ability to continue its trajectory of positive results, further accommodating to the virus environment, overcoming periods of period variations from business-to-business, dealing with macroeconomic headwinds and advancing along our runways for both growth and improvement. Our reported sales in the quarter of $1.246 billion were up 20.2%, including 19.2 million a favorable foreign exchange and 11.3 million of acquisition related sales. Organic sales growth was 16.3% gains in every group. It's our third straight, straight quarter of being above our pre-pandemic levels and ongoing contributions from our Strap-on value creation processes. The principles we use every day safety quality, customer connection, innovation, and rapid continuous improvement or RCI. They all combine to drive that progress, progress there was. OpCo operating income of 200.9 9 million was up 62 million from last year, which included 7.5 million of restructuring charges. OpCo operating margin was 19.6% up from the 2020 level of 16.3% or 17.2% as adjusted for restructuring. For financial services, operating income of 65.3 million increased 14.8% and the delinquencies were down even in the midst of a pandemic stress test during a commercial trial of what we would call extraordinary proportion. And that results combined with OpCo for a consolidated operating margin of 23.9% a 300 basis point improvement as reported and up 220 basis points as adjusted. First Quarter EPS was $3.50 up 40.6% from last year's 240 and exploding the 2020 restructuring charges EPS grew 34.6%. I said it before and I'll say it again. We believe Snap-on's stronger now than when we entered the great weathering. And we also believe that our first quarter results testify to just that, especially when we compare them to 2019 before the virus, so let's do that. Versus 2019, our sales in the past quarter grew 102.9 million or 11.2% that reflects 15.3 million of acquisition related sales, 11.6 million a favorable foreign currency and a $76 million or 8.1% economic gain. The 2021 OpCo operating margin of 19.6% was up 50 basis points from 2019 level as adjusted for a legal settlement in that earlier period. And that 50 point gain was achieved against 80 points of unfavorable currency and acquisition impacts, all while still absorbing the COVID. Now to our markets, auto repair remains quite resilient, the technicians are rolling. They know they've weathered the depths of the COVID shock and have learned to accommodate the virus environment and are moving to psychological recovery. There's still some air of vigilance. But their activities are robust. And they know they won't be shocked again by a spike. They're quite positive regarding the future of driving as people pivot from shared mobility to individual transportation. And it's - vehicle repair with the technicians is a strong and resilient market. You can hear it, you can hear it in our franchisees voices, and you can see it written clearly across our double-digit numbers. Also on auto repair, there are shop owners and managers. There are signs that the auto business is rising. Demand for new cars is high but dealership repair and maintenance and warranty is still attenuated. So there is a gradual gain, and we're positioned to take advantage with a broader and stronger product line with innovations like our TRITON-D10 diagnostics and new acquisitions like Dealer-FX, putting us deeper into dealerships than ever before, and providing us a clearer view of the future repair trends, new technologies and evolving vehicle platforms. Dealer-FX puts us at the right place at the right time as thing change. Finally, let's talk about critical industries, where Snap-on rules out of the garage solving tasks of consequence. This is where C&I operates the most international of our operations and these are the customers that have been most impacted by the virus. They're slower to accommodate and to recover, but they have been recovering. And in the quarter the results showed that trend, despite some significant headwinds, including the continuing impact of the virus, the February freeze in Texas, some challenged business sectors like oil and gas, and troubled geographies, like Southeast Asia. Despite that variation, we did see growth in critical industries, improvement in a number of areas in aviation, in education, in heavy duty fleet. They all combined to overcome the continuing turbulence in natural resources. Also in C&I, SNA Europe, another quarter of double-digit growth, with broad strength across the geographies in places like France, Spain, Italy, Germany, and the Nordic Region and from our Asia Pacific division, up double digits as well with solid increases in key countries like China and India and Japan. So overall, I describe our C&I markets is improving and representing clear opportunity, and coupled with our auto repair related businesses, we believe there's clear overall progress along our runways for growth, enhancing the van network, expanding to repair shop owners and managers, extended critical industries and building in emerging markets, leveraging our broadening product line, wielding or strengthening brand, and deploying the increasing understanding of the work that is the hallmark of Snap-on people, even in the throes of the pandemic shock. About a year ago as we entered the virus, we recognized the resilience of our markets and the strength of our model, projecting a B recovery. And that's how it played out. You can see it in the results. So now let's turn to the segments and discuss those results. In the C&I group on a reported basis, including 9.2 million favorable foreign currency translation, and 7.3 million of acquisition related sales, first Quarter volume rose 15.3% compared to last year. Organic sales were up 9.5%. Double digit growth in our European hand tool business and a mid-single digit rise in critical industries led the way. From an earnings perspective, C&I operating income of 50.7 million including 1.4 million of unfavorable currency represents a rise of 19.2 million compared to the 31.5 million registered in 2020, which included 4.4 million of restructuring. That all means on an adjusted basis an adjusted increase of over 40% and as adjusted increase of over 40% and the operating margin was 14.7% and as reported increase of 420 basis points, and 290 as adjusted. Now, when compared with 2019, the pandemic free measuring stick sales were up 7.2% and that includes 10 million or 3.1% organic gain, 8 million of acquisitions and 5.2 million for favorable foreign currency. Once again C&I demonstrated sequential improvement. If you go back and look at those numbers, they keep getting closer and closer and now they're above pre-pandemic levels. Despite the ongoing uncertainty, it's one of the things I think we want to remember the virus isn't gone and was still bearing it and we didn't have it in 2019 and C&I is above that level. As part of the trend, we remain committed to extending in critical industries. That's the C&I sweet spot. So we'll keep strengthening our position to capture those opportunities as they arise. And enabling that attempt intent is our expanding lineup of innovative new products developed specially to make critical work easier. One example is our CT9010 3 inches drive 18 volt brushless impact wrench, the newest member of our MonsterLithium family, aimed at tight spaces, sustained power, rugged durability, and precise control. The 9010 features 320 pound feet of bolt break-away torque and 240 pound feet of working torque all the power of technician needs when they're working in confirmed quarters. It offers a variable speed trigger and three speed selections in forward and reverse. That means greater control adaptable to any applications and no over torquing important. The 9010 advanced design also reduces motor temperature rise to delivering higher durability and great power to weight ratio. It's managed fitted with a 100 lumen headlight that helps technicians work in dark environments. Just what's needed for those close jobs. And the 18volt battery with the five amp hours ensures consistent output and extended run time, which translates to less charging and more efficient work day. And all this comes and this is the best part I think, all of this comes in an extremely compact size or only six and three quarter inches in overall length that will fit into the tightest of work space. The ct 9010 is a great tool. It's had strong demand, and it's already one of our $1 million hit products. I don't want to leave C&I without mentioning SNA Europe. Double digit sales growth again, progress by the overall tool management system, expanding product customization to the needs of the task, driving progress across - against the twin headwinds of a difficult COVID environment. Europe is not so easy these days and the uncertainty of Brexit, no small feat. Well that's C&I, continuing the sequential improvement and position for more. Now onto the tools group, sales a 478.3 million up 102.4 million including 6.7 million of favorable currency and a 95.7 million or 25% organic gain, double digit growth both in the US in the international operations, the operating margin was 20.7%. Yes, 20.7% up 780 basis points, compared with pre-virus to 2019, tools group sales grew 68.1 million, 16.6% including 5.2 million favorable currency translation and 62.9 million or 15.1% organic gain. And this year's 20.7 operating margin was up 430 basis points compared with pre-pandemic 2019. The tools group is responding to the challenges of the day, increasing its product advantage, fortifying its brands and further enabling its franchisees and the results show it. We do believe our runway for coherent growth enhancing the franchise. Franchise network represents a continuing opportunity and there's evidence that we're realizing some of that potential across the van channel in our franchisee metrics, the financial and physical indicators that we monitor closely. Again this quarter they remain clearly favorable. And based on those metrics, we believe the franchisees have never been stronger. And they say so in our direct interactions at events like this past January's kickoff meeting held this year at a distance. It was a great affair. Well attended strong orders, visible commitment to our brand, watch parties all over the country. I zoomed into several myself and they were brimming with enthusiasm and optimism. Our franchisees, entrepreneurs and professionals all are pumped, confident and reaching higher. The tools group quarter, that's a strong advantage for us. The tools group quarter was also marked with Snap-on value creation, customer connection and innovation. Offering new products sometimes just an improvement on an established line, but clearly making work easier solving problems, delivering productivity gains. All of these are born out of observing the changing work in shops on an everyday basis. We're in those shops every day. We watch the work. We offer the products. One such add is our KERN681, 7-Drawer Single Bank EPIQ Series Roll Cab, configured entirely with extra wide 62 inch drawers, greater flexibility and capacity and a standard footprint making the most of limited shop space. Our franchisees are already calling it uninterrupted storage. It's the first large capacity roll cab paired with a full complement of extra wide drawers in the industry. To me Algona, Iowa plant I saw some of being made there just last month and the local team is proud of them. It comes with two swivel and two rigid casters located right on the corners of the box, doesn't seem like much of a change. But that's a clever innovation that provides mobility and tight spaces while also greatly enhancing box stability. That's a very important feature for a high capacity unit. The KERN681 epic strength, styling and styling 8000 pounds of low capacity and more than 45,000 cubic inches of storage space. The franchisees are saying it's been a clear hit and they're right. We spent some time over several quarters working to expand franchisees selling capacity, harnessing social media, improving product training, and RCI and van operations. So that's paid off, selling capacity is up, and you can see it clearly in the three straight gangbusters quarters for our tools group. I don't need to say any more about them. Now let's speak about RS&I, first quarter organic sales rose 7.6% with varying gains across the board. Undercar equipment coming back delivering double digit rise, diagnostics and information products, independent repair shops growing at mid single digits and the business focused on OEM dealerships, advancing low single digits. Operating earnings of 81.4 million, including 1.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased 4.1 million from 2020, which included 3.1 million of restructuring costs. Compared with 2019 sales grew 19.7 million or 6% including 10 million or 3.1% organic gain, 7.3 million from acquisitions and 2.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency. We clearly see the potential and a runway for growth in the RS&I group expanding Snap-on's presence in the garage with coherent acquisitions and a growing line of powerful products. RSI's organic growth in the quarter was broad based, but the double digit rise in undercar equipment was especially welcome turn and was led by innovative products like our newly introduced Tru-Point ADAS calibration system. Advanced driver assistance systems or ADAS are active and passive aids to keep vehicle passengers safe, things like collision avoidance, lane departure warnings, automatic parking and crosswind stabilization. These new features are great. But what's really music to our ears is that they require periodic calibrations to make sure they're working with precision and calibrations can be complicated. Sensors and cameras vary considerably across vehicle makes and models and if you get a faulty recalibration, it leads to rework and it's not good for safety. So our new John Bean 2.8 ADAS calibration system is the fix, making sure the vehicle is physically aligned correctly, guiding calibration of the sensors and documenting that the procedure was performed - formed appropriately. And it does so for the multitude of makes and models seen regularly in OEM and aftermarket shops. The new Tru-Point is easy to use. It requires minimal training. It compensates for the floor regularities that are so common in garages and big devils alignment and calibration is quick and efficient. And it's OEM compliance. It's a powerful product right in the crosshairs of automated vehicle technology that's so prominent today. Progress in diagnostics and information with independent repair shop owners and managers was also clearly evident in our diagnostics business and our RS&I activity. And in this quarter, the launch of the new Triton d 10 hand belt helped both of that positive. The new TRITON is ultra fast, a two second boot up and it has a best in class 10 inch touchscreen. It's geared to the more capable technician offering a one touch full diagnostic code scan, scope capabilities for performance display, and guided testing of suspect components that you may want to replace. But you want to make sure that there's a problem. It's loaded with our Fast-Track Intelligent Diagnostics rooted in our proprietary database of over 200 billion vehicle events a Snap-on only feature that enables quick and accurate diagnosis of even the most difficult and unusual repairs, ensuring an efficient and effective solution for those very, very time-consuming problems. Just what the capable and senior technician needs. Now, as I've said before, we've spent considerable effort working to help franchisees sell the complex tools of today efficiently and it's paying off with TTITON. Each of our franchisees received a demonstration unit, facilitating the hands-on training guided by the video presentations that were a prominent part of our networks February sales meetings. Following that initial instructions, a demo unit could then be put immediately in the hands of a technician to physically showcase the great benefits of our powerful new tool and it worked. The launch has been a success. Our franchisees are comfortable selling new and complex tool and many are now calling the TRITON-D10 the best diagnostic unit ever. Finally, RS&I got a nice boost in the quarter. As often is the case by the new tech - by new technologies and OEM dealerships helped by some significant essential tools and equipment programs supporting the new electric vehicle launches. We're quite positive about RS&I's future repair shop owners and managers as the vehicle industry evolves. It plays to our strength. So that's the highlights of the quarter, continued and strong progress. Our third straight period exceeding pre-pandemic levels, C&I, sequential improvement, sequential advancement, RS&I solid, the tools group strong and prompt, organic sales rising 16.3%, OpCo operating margin 19.6%, EPS $3.50 a big rise and most important. Most important, more testimony that Snap-on has emerged from the turbulence much stronger than when we entered. It was an encouraging quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks Nick. Our consolidated operating results is summarized on Slide 6. The first quarter of 2021 exhibited robust financial performance, particularly as compared to last year when we experienced initial shock of the virus. The quarter's results also compared favorably with the first quarter of 2019, which being a pre-pandemic time period may serve to be the more meaningful baseline. Net sales of $1.246 billion in the quarter increased 20.2% from 2020 levels, reflecting a 16.3% organic sales again, $11.3 million of acquisition related sales and $19.2 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Additionally, net sales in the period increased 11.2% from $921.7 million in the first quarter of 2019, including an 8.1% organic gain, $15.3 million of acquisition related sales and $11.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation Consolidated gross margin of 50.1% compared to 49.5% last year, which included 60 basis points from restructuring costs. The gross margin contributions from the higher sales volumes of benefit from the company's RCI initiatives were offset by 40 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales of 30.5% improved 270 basis points from 33.2% last year, which included 30 basis points from restructuring costs. The improvements primarily reflect the impact of higher sales and cost containment actions, partially offset by higher stock-based cost and 30 basis points of operating expenses related to acquisitions. Operating earnings before financial services of $200.9 million, compared to $138.9 million in 2020, reflecting a 44.6% year-over-year improvement. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 19.6% improved 330 basis points from 16.3% last year, which included 90 basis points for restructuring costs. Financial services revenues of $88.6 million in the first quarter of 2021, compared to $85.9 million last year, while operating earnings of $65.3 million increased $8.4 million from 2020 levels, principally due to the higher revenue as well as lower provisions for credit losses. Last year's provisions included a $2.6 million charge for higher reserves resulting from the economic uncertainty caused by COVID-19. Consolidated operating earnings of $266.2 million increased 36% from $195.8 billion last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 23.9% compared to 20.9% in 2020, which included 80 basis points from restructuring costs. Excluding the restructuring costs operating earnings margin in 2021 increased 220 basis points from last year. Our first quarter effective income tax rate is 23.5% compared to 24.2% last year, which included a 10 basis point increase related to the prior year quarter's restructuring charges. Finally, net earnings of $192.6 million or $3.50 per diluted share increased $55.4 million, or $1.01 per share from 2020 levels representing a 40.6% increase in diluted earnings per share. Additionally, net earnings increased $14.7 million or $0.34 per share from 2019 levels representing a 10.8% increase in diluted earnings per share. Net earnings in 2020 included restructuring charges of $6 million after tax, or $0.11 per diluted share and net earnings in 2019 included a benefit of $8.7 million after tax or $0.15 per diluted share from a legal settlement. Excluding these items, diluted earnings per share of 350 in 2021, increased 34.6% from 2020 and 16.3% from 2019 levels. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the C&I group on Slide 7, sales of $345.7 million increase 15.3% from $299.9 million last year, reflecting a 9.5% organic sales gain, $7.3 million of acquisition related sales and $9.2 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic gain includes double digit increases in the segment's European based hand tools business and the Asia Pacific operations, as well as a mid single digit gain in sales to customers in critical industries. Improvements in year-over-year sales growth were widely seen across Europe as well as in most emerging markets. Additionally, within critical industries, strong sales gains were achieved in aviation, heavy duty and technical education. While year-over-year declines in the natural resources sector improved from those experienced in the fourth quarter of 2020, but continue to lag pre-pandemic sales levels. As a further comparison, net sales in the period increased 7.2% from 2019 levels, representing a 3.1% organic sales gain, $8 million of acquisition related sales and $5.2 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Gross Margin of 38.7% improved 190 basis points from 36.8% in the first quarter of 2020, which included 150 basis points from restructuring charges. Aside from the improvements resulting from the lower restructuring cost, contributions from higher sales volumes were partially offset by 70 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 24% improved 230 basis points as compared to last year, primarily as a result of the higher volumes and savings from cost containment actions. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $50.7 million, including $1.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $31.5 million last year, the operating margin of 14.7% compared to 10.5% a year ago. Turning now to Slide 8, sales in the Snap-on tools group of $478.3 million, increased 27.2% from $375.9 million in 2020 reflecting a 25% organic sales gain and $6.7 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increased reflects double digit gains in both our US and international operations. Net sales in the period increased 16.6% from $410.2 million in the first quarter of 2019, reflecting a 15.1% organic sales gain, and $5.2 million a favorable foreign currency translation. Gross Margin of 45.9% in the quarter improved 320 basis points from last year, primarily due to the higher sales volumes and benefits from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 25.2%, improved from 29.8% last year, primarily due to the higher sales volumes and savings from cost containment action. Operating earnings for the Snap-on tools group of $98.9 million, compared to $48.6 million last year. The operating margin of 20.7% compared to 12.9% a year ago an increase of 780 basis points. Turning to the RS&I group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $347.6 million compared to $314.6 million a year ago, reflecting a 7.6% organic sales gain, $4 million of acquisition related sales and $4.8 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic increase includes the double-digit gain and sales of undercar equipment, mid single digit increases in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers and a low single digit gain and activity with OEM dealerships. As compared to 2019 levels, net sales increased 6% reflecting a 3.1% organic sales gain, $7.3 million of acquisition related sales and $2.3 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Gross Margin of 46% declined from 47.9% last year, primarily due to the impact of higher sales and lower gross margin businesses and 70 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. As a reminder undercar equipment as well as facilitation program related activity, both of which had healthy sales increases in the quarter typically have a gross margin rate that is below the RS&I segments average. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales 22.6% improved 70 basis points from 23.3% last year, which included 80 basis points of restructuring costs. Excluding the effects of restructuring benefits from the higher sales volumes were more than offset by 80 basis points of operating expenses related to acquisitions. Operating earnings for the RS&I group of $81.4 million compared to $77.3 million last year. The operating margin of 23.4% compared to 24.6% a year ago. Now turning to Slide 10, revenue from financial services of $88.6 million, compared to $85.9 million last year. Financial services operating earnings of $65.3 million, compared to $56.9 million in 2020. Financial services expenses of $23.3 million decreased to $5.7 million from 2020 levels, primarily due to lower provisions for credit losses, resulting from $2.4 million of lower year-over-year net loan charge offs and the absence of the previously mentioned first quarter 2020 $2.6 million charge. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 1.1% and 1.4% in the first quarters of 2021 and 2020 respectively. In the first quarter the average yield on finance receivables of 17.6% in 2021, compared to 17.7% in 2020. The respective average yield on contract receivables was 8.4% and 9.0%. The lower yield on contract receivables in 2021 includes the impact of lower interest business operations support loans for our franchisees. These loans were offered during the second quarter of 2020 to help accommodate franchisee operations and dealing with the COVID-19 environment. As of the end of the first quarter, approximately $11 million of these business operating support loans remained outstanding. Total loan originations of $261.8 million in the first quarter increased $6.2 million or 2.4% from 2020 levels, reflecting a 1.7% increase in originations and finance receivables. While originations of contract receivables were up 5.7%. Moving to Slide 11, our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.2 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.9 billion from our US operation. Our worldwide gross financial services portfolio decreased $25.8 million in the first quarter, primarily due to an increase in net collections. The 60 day plus delinquency rate of 1.6% for the United States extended credit is down 10 basis points from the first quarter last year and down 20 basis points as compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. We believe this reflects the typical seasonal delinquency pattern that customarily results in a decline in the first quarter, followed by increases later in the year, usually peaking in the fourth quarter, where we compete with the technicians' holiday related discretionary spending. As it relates to extending credit, or finance receivables, trailing 12-month net losses of $43.9 million represented 2.55% of outstandings at quarter end, down seven basis points sequentially, and down 44 basis points as compared to the same period last year. Now turning to Slide 12, cash provided by operating activities of $319.3 million in the quarter increased $105.9 million from comparable 2020 levels, primarily reflecting the higher net earnings and net changes in operating assets and liabilities including a $32.1 million decrease in inventory. Net cash used by investing activities of $207.2 million included $200 million for the acquisition of Dealer-FX and capital expenditures of $19.3 million partially offset by net collections of finance receivables of $12.1 million. Free cash flow during the quarter of $312.1 million was 158% in relation to net earnings. Net cash used by financing activities of $131 million, included cash dividends of 66.7 million and the repurchase of 722,000 shares of common stock for $151.9 million under our existing share repurchase programs, partially offset by proceeds from stock purchase and option plans of $93 million. As of quarter end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $268.7 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to Slide 13, trade and other accounts receivable increased $10.1 million from 2020 year end. Days sales outstanding of 62 days compared to 64 days a 2020 year end. Inventories decreased $16.4 million from 2020 year end and on a trailing 12 month basis inventory turned to 2.6 compared to 2.4 at year end 2020. Our quarter end cash position of $904.6 million, compared to $923.4 million at year end 2020. Our net debt to capital ratio of 12.4% compared to 12.1% at year end 2020. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million of available credit facilities. As of quarter end, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility, and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few of the guidance for 2021. We anticipate the capital expenditures will be in the range of $90 million to $100 million. We currently anticipate that absence of any changes at the US tax legislation, our full year 2021 effective income tax rate will be in the range of 23% to 24%. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks Aldo. Well, that's our first quarter, another encouraging period, resilient markets through the shock and on the way to psychological recovery, the third straight quarter of upward trajectory, clear year-over-year achievement, and the third straight quarter of results exceeding the pre-pandemic levels of 2019. RS&I sales continuing upward with a wide margins of 23.4% attenuated, but still strong. CNI, ongoing sequential growth across the world. And OI margins 14.7% up nicely, even from 2019. And then the tools group, sales up organically 25% versus 2020 up in all product lines and in all geographies, volume up 15.1% versus 2019 and an OI margin of 20.7%. Finally, financial services in the midst of the greatest stress test profits up delinquencies down, rock solid, and they all came together with Snap-on sales rising organically 16.3% versus 2020 and 8.1% versus '19. OI margin 19.6% up significantly despite the virus, the unfavorable currency and the acquisition impacts and the EPS $3.50 a substantial rise versus both 2020 and 2019. We do believe that Snap-on has abundant opportunity as the COVID recedes and the world shifts away from the cities and away from shared transportation and as new vehicle technologies make the car park more complex. And we further believe that we are stronger today than when we entered the storm. Our advantages of product, brand and people are even greater. And we're in a favorable position to wield those strengths, realize the opportunities and continue our positive trajectory throughout 2021 and beyond. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly to our franchisees and associates. Many are listening. I want you to know that your work in this weathering has made a difference to our company and to our society. For your efforts in keeping our world and its critical mobility intact, you have my admiration. For your contribution to our progress in this first quarter, you have my congratulations. And for your unfailing dedication to our team in both smooth and turbulent times, you have my thanks. Now we'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research. Please go ahead, sir.
Gary Prestopino: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning Gary,
Gary Prestopino: Couple of questions here Nick, we haven't really seen this kind of growth in the tools group since probably earlier part of last decade, a lot of that was dealing with tool storage. And I don't think it's the same issues now. I mean, if you could cite three or four things that are different in the growth metrics now what you're seeing, especially over the last couple of quarters versus what you saw, maybe when tool storage was really rubbing up on an earlier period last decade.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, I think there's a couple of things, I think one, this isn't a tool storage and that it was a much more focused growth. We introduced the - certainly the first thing is when we had that rise, we introduced the Rock N' Roll Cabs and the Techno's, which really focused on more or less a particular product line. This was a - this is a broader thing, much more rooted in kind of agnostic process from a product point of view of expanding the capabilities of the tools - of the franchisees. We harness social media better, we're training them better to get the elevator pitch down, and we RCI their vans, or we worked on this for quarters before maybe even in 2019. And we worked really hard in the COVID, because we had time to focus on it. And that's really paying off. It's showing that these franchisees can hit this 20%. The other thing is, I think we got some good products, particularly around hand tools. We package the hand tools, so we're selling not only individual tools, but also kits aimed at a particular problem, and they're becoming pretty profitable, popular. We didn't talk about them on the call. I mean things like putting together a set of sockets that are for particular applications in foam. They're wildly popular. And then the other products we have in terms of tool storage and diagnostics. They're really baffled and that's driving that that broad appeal. And then the final thing, I think you could think, look, there's a lot of this condition, you could - people might say this is recovery, but the sales off the van over last year exceeded the sales to the van, so you wouldn't think there'd be recovery in that. Not so much recovery in that situation. It's going off the van at the same level. The whole year was up. And same things happening this quarter, sales up the van is the same as we're selling to them. So you look at this, you might say it's a stimulus and the stimulus could be helping us this way. We don't know, when you're talking to technicians and people in a practice stimulus seems to be always going into bank accounts or paying off debt. And the other thing about it is, by the way, we think it's product and process based because the international business, UK, Australia and Canada are up and a regional stimulus is there.
Gary Prestopino: Right, okay, that's good. And then in terms of I guess, it's Dealer-FX, a couple of questions on this one. What can you tell us in terms of their installed base across dealerships versus the amount of dealerships that you actually service? Can you give us some idea of just how much whitespace there is out there for this product?
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, they tend to be - they're in I would say maybe in the double digit percentage of the dealerships, but they tend to be concentrated in a couple of OEMs. And so there's a lot of whitespace to grow in that situation. We see that tremendous opportunity. And the other thing about Dealer-FX, I think we talked about this in the acquisition, they're just now sort of rolling out this new - their updated system that was ready to go, but the COVID hit. So now they get the chance sight at the apple with full force. But again, these are things we knew when we acquired them. It's early days, we've only owned them for a couple months. So we're still getting on, but we're pretty confident we're in the right place at the right time like I said in my comments.
Gary Prestopino: Are they going to be - are their revenues booked in the RS&I segment?
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, they're going to be in RS&I.
Gary Prestopino: In RS&I?
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, because they're going to sell to dealers, we see them as sort of like the advanced warning net for us from a strategic point of view. You remember the old do line, I used to be across Canada, to make sure we figured out what the Russia bombers were doing when they're coming over the goal - over the North. So this is the same kind of thing.
Gary Prestopino: Okay and then you also just mentioned some new tools for the EV market. Could you maybe elaborate a little bit on that?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, those things are particular to a particular vehicle. We have a business. We call the EQS business that really is rooted in new technology. When new technologies roll out, or one of the people, the OEMs come to, to say, hey, put together a set of tools. Now in one of these, we have a 70 unit toolset that we provide that supports a certain new vehicle that's coming out. So I mean, that's, that's one of the things and so - and yet there's another one for another new vehicle. So as people roll out new vehicles, they commission these kinds of things to facilitate the dealerships to be ready to deal with it. And then everybody figures out what other things might happen and that shows up and we launched other tools to match that that the OEMs didn't even anticipate going forward. Those are the kinds of things. And we have a set of tools. We have a standard set of tools for electrics that are what we call insulating tools with glass infused nylon that allows us to - technician to use them safely against - and be approved against some pretty high voltages and so that's sockets and pliers and screwdrivers and kits to disconnect the electric vehicle safely and that kind of thing.
Gary Prestopino: Okay and just lastly real quick, I don't want to take up too much more time. I would assume some of these calibration tools for ADAS and things that you've got out there, these are also applicable to the EV market?
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Sure. They're rooted - they're pretty much agnostic to the power train. They're more or less having to do with the sensors - the neural net of the sensors around the vehicle.
Gary Prestopino: Thank you so much.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning. Congratulations on the -
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Christopher Glynn: So picking up on your answer to one of Gary's questions you talked about coming out with new kits and follow-on tools as new platforms come out in EV and elsewhere. So it underscores your visibility. And then with the Dealer-FX group, you talked about how that extends your visibility. I'm just curious how that pairs with your already seeming copious visibility into the new platforms?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, the thing is that we have visibility into the new platforms. We are franchisees, which visit the dealers every day. So they tend to have a look at the, what I would call the more persnickety problems that arise all the time associated with vehicles that no one ever anticipated. The Dealer-FX is the repair shop management software. So you get to see what's happening in an aggregate kind of like databases to look at this kind of thing and say, okay, well, they're having a lot of problems here, they're having a lot of problems there. And you get to understand the difficulties associated with that. So it's not so much an observational thing it's a computational thing. Those are the kinds of things that help. So it just adds to our position. And then we also have a non-peril position in the repair shops afterwards, after vehicles age, and they end up in independent repair shops, which is what you're referring to. We're in more shops for more hours in days. And that's what drives our product line. So when new technologies show in whether you're talking about automated vehicles or electric vehicles, they're going to roll through this, we're going to see them via Deale-FX probably first, then we're going to see them via the franchisees that call on dealerships to understand the nuances of some smaller and more difficult problems that are harder to predict via just maybe the bigger problems, the 20,000 foot problems that the software might see. And then as they roll into the aftermarket, we have probably almost proprietary visibility on that. That's what generates our proprietary databases that I talked about 200 billion repair records.
Christopher Glynn: Great and then on SOT, you talked a lot about the kind of throughput enhancements. Do these sales levels that you've seen the past few quarters represent pretty maximized realization of the newly availed bandwidth of the franchise channel into the addressable market?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, that I don't know. You know what I mean? I don't know that. All I know, is they can go that high. You know what I mean? We now approved, it's sort of like a stress test. We know they can go that high. And they're not complaining. I had a franchisee telling me, I asked him about something about his market. I asked him about what is the market like and so on? He says, I don't know, I'm too busy selling tools. So he's out there now. He didn't say he didn't have more capacity, because he was asking me for more units. So in other words, he was short of a particular product line. So he thought he could sell them more. So we think they probably have a little more upside. But in this kind of situation, Chris, you'd have to keep pounding. We'd say okay, we got to keep working on expanding the capabilities because no matter where they are, you want more when you go forward, right.
Christopher Glynn: Right, so you feel you have further runway to continue to work on the throughput side of the equation?
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. What happens is - just one question. What happens is you observe what's happening at a certain throughput level and that reveals the pinch points and you work on that.
Christopher Glynn: Great last one for me, finance receivable collections just exceeded additions. I don't recall many years seeing that - are you seeing more customers paying with cash?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, Chris, I think what you see is the technician base, they're employed. They got more money in their pocket, and they seem to be servicing their debt and buying tools to supplement their needs. So I guess it's just an overview I think provided earlier, people are servicing the debt in a more pragmatic way.
Christopher Glynn: Sounds great, thanks, guys.
Aldo Pagliari: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Luke Junk with Baird. Please go ahead.
Luke Junk: Good morning, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Luke Junk: Couple of questions, first a new term question, Nick, hoping you could just talk qualitatively about daily sales trends through the quarter, certainly? Looking at the 2019 comps for the tools group, especially help to frame the absolute level to be really well, but I just want to better understand the sequential momentum you saw in the first quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, look, I think one of the things we're seeing is our third quarter - third month was higher in this period, but they're, they're almost always higher a little bit, if you look at this. So I would say, we would have said that adjusted for what we expect. The sales were about level through the quarter kind of constant. Generally we have our own sort of like, view of what's going to happen when you roll out of the beginning in first quarter for example, and so we have some view, but this generally seemed about we expected. We weren't surprised by any month in this quarter, I would say. So I think - we think it's kind of held strong each quarter. I don't see attenuation, if that's what you're asking.
Luke Junk: It is, thanks for that.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, Nick. I don't - we didn't see any attenuation.
Luke Junk: Okay and then a bigger picture question more on the strategy side. And it has come up already a couple of times this morning in terms of the big shifts that we've seen in the new car market the past, say six or nine months with respect to electrification, especially ADAS as well. And all these changes take a while, of course, to ultimately filter through to the aftermarket. Hoping you could just expand on how these changes are impacting your thinking around investment priorities today, both organically and M&A? And should we think that, for instance, they impacted the thinking around the Dealer-FX acquisition, for example?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, yes. I mean, the thing is sure. Look, we like change. Like we said, I think we've said the house come home, that changes our friend and we love to have it. And the earlier we can see change, the more we can, as you say, call in the air strikes about investment and so on. And so the Dealer-FX acquisition was about positioning ourselves at the forefront at the vanguard, if you will, of new technologies, not just electric vehicles, but new technologies that would impinge on the car park. So that's what we're doing. And so we'll continue to look at that in terms of, okay, what do we learn from that, how can we invest in other places to follow that change. But make no mistake about it. The revelations occur in each aging of the vehicle, so things change as you roll out. When the vehicle rolls in, people think this is what's needed. And then a couple of years go by and we see that these are what's needed. And some of it isn't even - this is what I was trying to say before is some of it isn't the fact that you have to repair, let's say, a particular item or you have to recalibrate the sensors. It might be revealed to us in the difficulty of doing those products - those processes, which everybody - first, you understand you got to do it and then you realize, wait a minute. On these particular vehicles, you need special tools just to do them because they're configured in an odd way. This is - and we learned that as it went through. And so basically, we see ourselves this electric vehicle, the EV, the new technologies. It's just the version of what's happened before, only maybe hopefully at a faster pace, which gives us more to sell. And so our activities will be to try to anticipate those changes more quickly, invest in them and then enjoy.
Luke Junk: Good. I'll leave it there.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Scott Stember with C.L. King. Please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Good morning, guys, and congrats on the strong results in the quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Thank you.
Scott Stember: I think you - Aldo, you might have answered this question, but the growth in originations versus the tools organic sales. Obviously, there's a pretty big delta there. Is that entirely because more you're seeing more mechanics basically buy with cash, or is there something else - some other nuance that we just need to know about?
Aldo Pagliari: A couple of things, I think there's a little bit. I think there's more cash in the system. So that's probably - if anything, that's probably not negative, it's probably a positive. I think that, again, you're still at stages where your psychological recovery is not completely the same everywhere in the country. So I think people, broadly speaking, It's still a little bit more measured when they approach big ticket items as compared to hand tools, power tools, things of that nature. I still think there's that nuance. But when the tools group sells 25% organically, without having to dig deep into extend the credit, we feel that means there's borrowing capacity down the road that opens up future opportunities for them. So we kind of like the mix in that respect.
Scott Stember: Got it and in RS&I, the - on the car care, I mean, that was the first time we've seen a major increase like that in a while. So I'm wondering, is that being driven by stronger collision market demand? And if so, what are you hearing about miles driven? Because obviously, collision repair is based - a lot of it is based on the miles driven of the car.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Look, I think - actually, it's not really - collision repair was better in the United States, not so good in Europe. I would say the big feature there for us was the undercar equipment, aligners in particular, but this ADAS stuff, stuff that really focuses on the neural network of the business. That's what drove that change. You're right. It was a really welcome change, double digits for the equipment. That was a turn of events that we really love. We haven't talked about a thing like that associated with equipment in a while. So that's part of the overhang that because it's a lower-margin business, that's part of the mix overhang on RS&I. But that turn, I think, based on the change in vehicle complexity now driven by the autonomy, these autonomous features, and therefore, undercar equipment was important. We're starting to see some recovery in collision in the US. Like I said, Europe seems to be dead as a door nail. The miles driven, we're seeing it start to come back. The curve looks just like other years. It's just came back from the shock of the virus. So it went down 30% year-over-year in the shock. And now it's according to BLS data - according to the data we see, it's staying around 10% below pre-COVID levels that it's inching back. I would expect, though, that as people - and that's not surprising every time you look you turn on TV, you see people feeding in from home. Once people go back, I think this all changes.
Scott Stember: Got it and just last question on flushing out the tools group, you said it was pretty much everything was up, but it sounds like hand tools and diagnostics probably led the way, if I heard correctly?
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Yes. Not pretty much, everything was up, but hand tools led the way. Diagnostics was strong. Power tools was nice as well. So smaller ticket items were - are ascended in this period. You can see our RI business, how the kind of sets because the guys are a little more - like I use the word, there's still an air of vigilance. They're positive. But they're a little more vigilant in this situation. So even the tool storage, they tend to be focused on the smaller purchases in the tool storage area. So that thing. But I would say that each of the - each of them, each product line had a pretty good quarter, maybe not up to the 25%, we're pretty satisfied with all the product lines, but the top one was hand tools.
Scott Stember: Got it. That's all I have. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Curtis Nagle with Bank of America. Please go ahead, sir.
Nick Pinchuk: Curt?
Curtis Nagle: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks very much.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Curtis Nagle: Good, how are you? Yeah, so Just a quick one on inflation, so I know you said this plenty of times that steel is only I don't know 85, 90 mil of COGS, but prices are up a good bit, pretty persistently. So anything in terms of potential price increases or rising costs relating to inputs that you would elaborate on?
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Look - yes, well, look, we've got material inflation in these numbers. We can't see them, can you, right. And so part of the thing is you got - you kind of got an interesting cocktail of reduced travel, controlled costs, material inflation floating through this. And the general managers in our businesses are balancing all these, like balls in the air. And so yeah, we might see some, but we're not - at the same time, we can also price. And I think the tools group has got another price increase going out. They just announced in April - early April, they announced the price increase, so they're going to have one coming up. And so we think we're the price leader and we can price for visible inflation, so you have that in the play too. So we might see some going forward where we think it's under control. I mean, this is - I think I said in another forum that this is kind of what they pay us for to manage this stuff.
Curtis Nagle: Okay, fair enough. And then if I wasn't mistaken, did I hear that the education segment was up in 1Q?
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah.
Curtis Nagle: So that sounds like a change. Yeah, what happened there?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, I think - yeah. I think everybody is anticipating the schools. I think there are some schools back. And then - but I would say the big factor, Curt is that the schools are starting to anticipate the return of the students. So they're starting to facilitate. So the education business is up principally because you're selling to the schools. And so we have a two-pronged view there. We sell to the students and the schools and we see a lot of students starting to warm up. And I think - I also think in this day and age, just starting to see, if I were sitting in a community college and I'd see the Biden administration rolling in there, and I don't think it's a political statement to reveal that he has a particular bent, given his wife's orientation and then things he said to community college technical training. And so I think that might be a positive view and created an area of optimism in the school. So I think that changed the dynamic some. It was - we're pretty pleased to see it. And in fact, again the critical industry businesses got back above the pre-COVID levels. I think that - I don't want people to miss that. We're above pre-COVID levels. And by the way, we're bearing the COVID at the same time. So I think that - and that's where C&I was. They've been going each quarter. They've been getting a little closer to 2019. This time they flipped above it. We view that as an incredibly positive event.
Curtis Nagle: Got it, makes sense. All right, guys thanks very much. Good luck for the second quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Dave MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Dave MacGregor: Yes. Good morning, everyone and good morning, Nick. Congratulations - yeah, congratulations on the strong results.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks.
Dave MacGregor: I guess first question, I'm still really struggling on this disparity between originations and the sell-through. You had indicated the sell-through was equivalent with the sell-in. So let's call it the sell-through up 25%, originations up 2.4%, which is one of the -
Nick Pinchuk: Well, wait a minute. Wait, hold it just a minute. The sell-through is equal absolute. It was a little bit better in the first quarter of last year. So when you're comparing those things, you start to get bollocks stuff a little bit. Last year wasn't as bad sell-through as it - as sell to the vans was in the first quarter. So we - but generally to come back and say - so I just want to stop you there. But in general, if you're talking about volume, the volume off the van is same as the volume on the van this quarter. Understand what I said?
Dave MacGregor: Yeah. I want to - what should we be using then as a sell-through number for this quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, it's roughly the same.
Dave MacGregor: Same as the sell-in?
Nick Pinchuk: Right.
Dave MacGregor: Okay. It's a large disparity nonetheless, however you want to cut it. And I guess I'm really struggling with just kind of the nature of that given you also indicated that all the segments are up. And I guess the question just becomes given that originations generally revolve around extended credits and contract credits obviously as well, but it's bigger ticket. So I guess the question is just can you break out a big ticket for us and help us just understand what big ticket was on a year-over-year basis?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, here's what I'll tell you, is that the big-ticket items weren't up in - it weren't up like the 25%, but they were up nicely in the quarter. So they were up -
Dave MacGregor: Is it double digits?
Nick Pinchuk: No. They weren't up double digits in the quarter, but they were up. Again, when you look at the absolute numbers, they were reasonable in that situation. So we're pleased with those numbers. So you had that. And then within the big-ticket items, let's put diagnostics side, if you look at tool storage, the tool storage mix has been for a while, closer to the, let's say, carts and other things, and there's a lot more RA going on. So the franchisees are flushed with cash. So you're seeing some of those franchisees finance these items. That's really the factor. Now you could argue that - you could also argue, Dave, that we're - I think that's really what's going on. You could also see it's hard to tell this. You could see we're getting stimulus need to pay for some of those things instead of borrowing. But we kind of view that as great because as Aldo said you just got borrowing capacity out there in the future. So this is a really good thing for us. We love it when RA is up.
Dave MacGregor: Okay. Well, maybe I'll take that offline with Aldo and try and get through the math a little bit better. I wanted to ask you about - you'd indicated about just volumes on the quarter because you indicated that you'd announced in April a price increase, which I think is May 1. You've got kind of - you communicated to the franchisees that you're experiencing growing backlogs. I don't know if that's around tool steel or what may be responsible for that. But under those circumstances, my understanding is there's some pre-buy going on in the month of March. And I'm just wondering if you can quantify for us the extent to which you can just combine -
Nick Pinchuk: I think you are missing thoughts about that.
Dave MacGregor: I'm sorry?
Nick Pinchuk: I don't think that - we don't think that's true. First of all, the announcement goes out in April. So I don't think people are pre-buying. The people may be buying. Generally, what happens in these kinds of things are buying off the kickoff programs or the - even back to the kickoff program. So they're fundamentally buying off that. I'm talking to a bunch of franchisees so they keep telling me their inventories are low on this stuff. They can - they'd like to get more, but they don't get them. They don't have it. So I think this is - the idea of the pre-buy, we didn't see any of that. Now I'm not saying franchisees are what, 3,500 of them. So you can get windshield surveys on them and you can get different ones will have different views. I can probably get a hundred different opinions when I go out. But generally, we don't see that, Dave. We see the situation - they're not stock. In fact, we think we're confident that franchisees' inventories are actually down or flat at best. They're not up.
Dave MacGregor: Really? So -
Nick Pinchuk: And if you look back to the first quarter of last year, sales off the van exceeded sales to the van.
Dave MacGregor: Yeah. I find that a little surprising given everybody in the franchise world knows that there's stimulus money coming down the pipe and they want to be positioned for that. And then my understanding is you communicated to the franchisees that there was a backlog issue in March, and I would have presumed that guys would pre-buy on that. So I'm always surprised to hear that inventories on the truck are flat to slightly down, a little bit counterintuitive, I guess. And then last question for me is just on price elasticity -
Nick Pinchuk: I don't necessarily see it that way. But anyway, necessarily, they could order, but they might not have them.
Dave MacGregor: Yeah, okay.
Nick Pinchuk: Right.
Dave MacGregor: Can you just talk about -
Nick Pinchuk: So we wouldn't have a sale. What?
Dave MacGregor: Right. Okay. And then price elasticity around storage. I guess, it's - these are some pretty big increases we're seeing in steel prices right now. And as a consequence, I would expect some pretty big increases on price tags on some of the storage product at least and maybe in hand tools given what's going on with nickel alloy product. But can you just talk about how you expect that to play out over the balance of the year as you raise your prices? How vulnerable do you think that category is to higher prices given -
Nick Pinchuk: You know what, Dave? Sure. Look, I think it gets to be a complex question, David, because almost everything is - there's a lot of promotions floating through the system. So it's not just the list price increases. It's also what are your promotions and so on. So we've never had a problem, tool storage or otherwise in terms of getting or matching inflation. We've never seen that. So I can only tell you what is in history. And it's a complex cocktail. You raise the list price. You adjust your promotions. You have long-term promotions, you have drop in promotions. It's a dizzying array of those things. And what comes out the other end is a matching of the inflation. So generally, you feel we can do that on a macro basis. And you can't do that unless you do it until storage and hand tools.
Dave MacGregor: Great. I'm more focused around the mechanics capacity to purchase and their purchasing power and these products just maybe finding themselves a little bit of reach. You're not concerned about that right now? You're not getting an indication that -
Nick Pinchuk: All right. We don't see that being a problem right now and there was inflation in this period. So I mean the thing is we don't see that being a problem now. Of course, you can't say it'd go on forever. But I think the - look, I think the whole thing is this. The mechanics seem to love to buy tools. It's one of the top things on their priorities. I think that these kinds of changes don't necessarily make a difference. Now who's to say how the inflation would play out across the country in a lot of different commodities, but I think - I would tell you this, I think we would be going to be one of the last to be affected by it.
Dave MacGregor: Great, if I could, just for the model, two quick ones. What was the U.S. versus international in terms of growth and -
Nick Pinchuk: About the same, it's about the same.
Dave MacGregor: And, secondly, what percentage of trucks now are to associates and how has that changed year over year?
Nick Pinchuk: It's about the same. It's up a little bit. It's in the 20% to 25% range.
Dave MacGregor: Okay. Thanks very much, gentlemen.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. Ms. Verbsky, at this time, I would like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: And this concludes today's call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2020 Fourth Quarter Results Investor Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Abby and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s fourth quarter results which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s, Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on’s Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick-off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we’ll take your questions. As usual, we’ve provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investor section. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release and in our conference call slides on Pages 14 through 16. Both can be found on our website. With that said, I’d now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. Today, I'll start with the highlights of our fourth quarter. I'll give you a perspective on how the virus is playing out and on the trends that we see today and going forward. And I'll speak about our physical and financial progress. Then Aldo will give you a more detailed review of the financials. To start with, I'll just say we are encouraged by the quarter it was strong. But we believe we can reach even higher. This year was -- a lot of unusual events, but when you look through it all Snap-On saw a headwinds but we met those challenges absorb the shock, develop the combinations to the environment, move forward on a clear recovery. And we believe we exited the year stronger than ever. We did have disparities from group-to-group and within each group, but our overall sales and profitability improved both sequentially, and year-over-year for the second straight quarter, achieving new heights despite the virus. Through the year, the Snap-On team continue to make progress accommodating to the threat pursuing our essential commercial opportunities safely. And moving along upward trajectory is consistent with our general projections on how the days of the virus would unfold. Geographically, the impact of the COVID continues to be varied for us. Asia Pacific remains virus challenge; Southeast Asia and India are still in deep turbulence. And while the U.S. and Europe actually seem to be further ahead and accommodation, and are moving on to what we call psychological recovery. For the business segments, we saw the essential nature of our markets rising through the turbulence along our runways for growth. Demand for vehicle repair technicians, to our franchisee network directly selling-off the vans, it was robust. Again this quarter, it was robust. Volume of repair shop owners and managers continued to gain and activity and critical industries advanced despite certain sectors like education, oil and gas, U.S. Aviation not returning to growth yet, but you would kind of affect that. Going forward, we are convinced that we're well positioned on a strong base. But we know we have much more work to do. The environment throughout the world is still impacted by the virus and many of our businesses have not yet fully recovered against the great weathering. But having recognized these headwinds however, we're also convinced that there will be abundant opportunities as the skies clear and society pivots toward suburban locations and to more individual trends transportation. This is great news for the vehicle repair industry, I got to tell you. And because of that, we're keeping focus on Snap-On value creation, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement, our RCI. We've been unrelenting and advancing our advantage in products that solve the most critical tasks and brands that serve as the outward sign and our brands that serve as the outward sign of the pride and dignity working men and women take in their profession and in our people are deeply committed and very capable. Snap-On team is a great asset. And we've maintained it through these days of the virus. We've advanced each of these strengths in the turbulence, and it's enabled Snap-On to achieve new heights, and the numbers show it. That's the overview now the results. Fourth quarter, as reported sales of $1,074.4 million were up 12.5% from 2019, including $9.6 million of favorable foreign currency translations, and $7.5 million of acquisition related sales. Organic sales will rose 10.6% volume gains in the van channel and OEM dealerships and diagnostics and repair information in our European handles business all demonstrating the abundant opportunities on our runways and our increased ability to take advantage of those opportunities. From an earnings perspective, operating net income from the quarter of $216.2 million including $2.8 million direct costs associated with the virus, $1 million of restructuring charges for actions outside the United States. And a $1.5 million hit from unfavorable currency was up 26.1%. And the OpCo operating margin it was 20.1%, 220 basis points overcoming 30 basis points of unfavorable currency 30 basis points of COVID cost impact and 10 basis points restructuring. For financial services operating income of $68.5 million increased 10.1% from 2019, all while keeping 60-day delinquencies flat the last year in the midst of the pandemic stress test. And that results combined with OpCo for consolidated operating margin of 24.4% 190 basis points point improvement. The overall quarterly EPS was $3.82, including a $0.02 charge for restructuring and that result compared to $3.08 last year, an increase of 24% I did say new height. Now for full year, sales were $3,593 million a 3.8% organic decline principally on the first and second quarter shock of the virus before the sequential gains of a combination to hold. OpCo OI is $631.9 million including $12.5 million of restructuring charges $11.9 million of direct costs associated with COVID-19 and $13.1 million of unfavorable currency compared to $716.4 million in 2019, which benefited from $11.6 million legal settlement and a patent related litigation matter. OpCo OI margin including a 30 basis point impact associated with restructuring, 30 points of direct pandemic expenses, 30 points of unfavorable currency with 17.6% and compare with 19.2% in 2019, which incorporated 30 basis points of non-recurring benefits of the legal service. That's a mouthful, right. But what it says is that despite the great disruption our full year OI margin was down only 40 basis points apples-to-apples, demonstrating the special Snap-On resilience that has enabled us to pay dividends every quarter since 1939 without a single reduction. For the year financial services registered OI of $248.6 million versus the $245.9 million in 2019. Overall EPS for the period of $11.44 was down 7.8% from the $12.41 reported last year 2019 adjusting for the restructuring and the current year and the one-time legal benefit in the prior year 2020 EPS as adjusted reached $11.52, down 5.1%. So now let's go on to the individual operating groups. In C&I volume in the quarter fourth quarter of $364.4 million including $7.5 million from acquisitions, and $6.5 million a favorable foreign currency was up 3.3% as reported. The activity was essentially flat organically, but represented a continuing sequential C&I rise all the way back to the early shot. Notably, in these numbers, the C&I year-over-year sales were marked by a strong double-digit rise in our European base hand tool business going broadly across Western Europe against the twin challenges of COVID and the Brexit disruption. They're also offsetting decreases in sales to our customers in critical industries in Asia Pacific. But both these operations join the overall growth group and registering substantial quarter-to-quarter sequential improvement. They're still down, but they're clearly recovering. From an earnings perspective, C&I, operating income of $56.2 million increased $11.2 million, including $1.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, and a $1 million of COVID related costs, with sales up 3.3% as reported flat organically, OI grew 24.9% a nice operating improvement. And the OI margin for the group was 50.4% up 260 basis points in the last year overcoming 70 basis points of unfavorable currency and 30 points of direct COVID cost, the benefits of RCI and margin gains in the critical energy industries made all the difference. Speaking to the critical industries, we did see selective gains international aviation and heavy duty registered double-digit improvements. But as you might expect, and I referenced before education, oil and gas and U.S. Aviation continue to be down. And then in the quarter our military sales will also impacted by the wind-down at one of our major fitting programs. But we do remain confident in and committed to expanding in the critical industries and we see growing opportunities moving forward and a principal path to that possibility is customer connection in innovation, creating powerful new products. You heard about our European hand tool business. It shows significant resiliency in the quarter. And it was aided by a good dose of innovation products like our recent expansion of our FIFO custom fitting system, extending our direct-to-user possibilities. Our new fitting goal product line allows buyers to quickly develop semi-bespoke kits in foam tool control consists of more than 200 pre-configured different tool sets designed around a 26 inch wide block a roll cast available in three standard foam configurations one-thirds store two-thirds store and a full door. Customers can choose the particular box drop configuration and the tool array needed right from our block a roll website reaching end users without distributor interaction, and for a wider range of specialization and sometimes it is specialization is required, our sales reps can help develop just the right unit using the full breadth of the block hole system. We've had great success with our new fitting goal. It's an important extension of our hand tool presence in Europe. And in the quarter it helped boost SNA Europe to achieve the double-digit growth in a very challenging environment. I think everybody would agree. C&I demonstrating further accommodation with continued sequential gains serving the essential each of the businesses generating a positive trajectory and exiting the quarter stronger than when they entered and product offered a big piece of that progress. Now onto the Tools Group. As reported sales up 20.2% to $494.9 million, including $2.2 million a favorable foreign currency and an $81 million or 19.6% organic increase the second straight quarter of strong game with the U.S. and international business is both growing at double-digits. And the Tools Group operating earnings $93.6 million, including $1.2 million of virus related costs, that 93.6 included $1.2 million virus related costs, and that $93.6 million compared to last year's $54.3 million and over 70% improvement. Actually, the Tools Group was recovered to positive territory for the full year. Sales were up 2% organically with OI rising almost 9% and OI margins up 110 basis points. The continue operating gains of the Tools Group are further affirmation of our view of the COVID-19 trajectory and the resilience of the vehicle repair business. And on the strength of our direct face-to-face van model, it turns out that deepened direct connection with the customers is a differentiator even in a pandemic. And in the quarter and throughout the year the Tools Group confirmed the market leading position of our van network. We believe the franchisees are growing stronger. That's clear in the franchisee health metrics we monitor each period, they continue to trend favorably and that was acknowledged by a number of respected publications, Snap-On as a franchise of choice. One was the franchise business review where we were again recognized and the magazine's latest rankings for franchisee satisfaction as a top 50 franchise marking the 14th consecutive year that Snap-On received that award. Now this type of recognition reflects the fundamental strength of our franchisees and our VAN business in general and would not have been achieved without a continuous stream of innovative new product developed through our strong customer connections. Throughout the storm, we've added every day to our already considerable insight and experience in the changing vehicle environment and because of that we're able to bring forward innovation great products like our newly released eight inch talent grip plank jaw pliers. We call it the HJ 47 ACF with a unique design for significant versatility in both removing and tightening fasteners. First, our unique plank jaw, specially designed, smooth and unsaturated meeting area allows the user to grip a hex shape only on the flat surface, positioning the load away from the corners. That's similar to our flank drive systems on sockets, 30% more torch applied to the fastener while still minimizing damages, eliminating rounded edges. Second, when the fasteners have already been heavily rounded and are tough to grip. Our talent grip diamond serrated jaws jointed located as the pliers tip generate unparalleled clamping force it's up to a 57% increase in turning power. With the Snap-On talent, technicians can remove even the most damaged and rounded hex fasteners and for the icing on the versatility cake, the new pliers also feature a patented three position slip joint designed for easy changes to the grip position, the HD 47 ACF, manufacturing right here and I'm going to walk you to the plant in the U.S. and it's been very well received putting it on a clear path to becoming another one of our hit products $1 million selling products just in one quarter. We also worked hard during the COVID to maintain and further strengthen our brand, celebrating our 100 year continuing our presence in racing and serve, most importantly I think servicing our customers every-day reinforcing that what they do really is essential and that the display the Snap-On brand confirms that it's sold. Sometimes the Tools Groups also been working to Span franchisee selling capacity. And that effect continued with focus to the pandemic and the days of the early shot access to the shops and to the technicians vary widely and the Tools Group more to engage social media in bridging the gap. This turned into a powerful tool for pre-briefing customers on products and promotions, reserving the actual face-to-face interaction for closing the deal, providing significant franchisee opportunity for selling more products and reaching new customers. The tools we've also made strides and redeploying the time saved from restricted travel, everybody stay-at-home work today streamlining the VAN sales process to RCI and developing more concise customer presentation. So important in pitching products of ever rising complexity, social media engagement, RCI, selling and more effective trading. It made the difference, raising franchisee selling capacity to match the strength and capacity of our new product and the results back it up. Well, that's the Tools Group. Moving through a V shaped recovery, recording two straight quarters of double-digit expansion, continuing a stream of new products building the brand raising selling capacity and strengthening for the future. Now let's speak of RS&I. The RS&I Group continuing the combination and extending its positive trend sales at $361.1 million in the fourth quarter up 7.8%, 7% organically excluding $2.4 million of favorable foreign currency a steep recovery from the depths of the pandemic. The rise was due to double-digit gains and OEM dealerships as auto manufacturers began to release new models and launched more essential programs. A high single-digit gain in the sales of our of our powerful diagnostics and repair information products independent repair shop owners and managers and then offsetting low single-digit decline in sales of undercar equipment or garage owners haven't developed sufficient confidence to invest to get it invest broadly and upgrading or expanding their facilities. RS&I operating earnings of $90 million improved $2.8 million as the mix of lower margin OEM project sales diluted the volume improvement and as the group recorded a $1 million in charges for small European focused restriction. On a diagnostics and information based operations have recorded continuous growth for some time, the sales to independent repair shop owners and managers they've had continuous growth for some time, and innovative new products are the key to that success. And the fourth quarter was no exception. We just began shipping our new 20.4 software update for our diagnostics platforms in North America full coverage for the 2020 vehicles. Additional reprogramming facility, increased functional test capabilities, and an expansion of our unique advanced driver assistance or ADAS content, so critical these days for engaging vehicle automation. This software represents another move forward in our already powerful already market leading intelligent diagnostics and repair information product lines. And that's been well received. 1,000s of technicians all across the U.S. and Canada will be upgrading to this very capable new edition before the next update is released in May. And then we'll start again. RS&I is building a powerful position in the vehicle repairs and vehicle repair software that meets the changing mobility environment. And the 20.4 is another step in that direction. We're confident in the strength of RS&I, and we keep driving to Spanish physician repair shop owners and managers making work easier with great new products even in the days of the virus. And that's our fourth quarter, absorbing the shock, driving accommodation, moving on to psychological recovery, keeping our people safe while we serve the essential all of that is working. Building Snap-On's advantage and the results show us sequential gains from the third quarter and significant growth from last year. Sales up 12.5%, 10.6% organically OI margin 20.1%, 220 basis points higher financial services continuing to deliver navigating the virus with strength and without disruptions and EPS up $3.82 up 24% all achieved, while maintaining and expanding our advantages and product brands and people ending the year stronger ready for more opportunities to come. It was an encouraging quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. The fourth quarter of 2020 was strong with respect to Snap-On’s financial performance. Sales development was robust both year-over-year and sequentially. Gross profit and operating earnings margins expanded, and cash flow generation was again healthy net sales of $1,074.4 million in the quarter compared to $955.2 million last year, reflecting a 10.6% organic sales gain $9.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation and $7.5 billion of acquisition related sales. The organic increase principally reflected double-digit growth across the Snap-On tool segment, and high single-digit gains with repair shop owners and managers in the repair systems and information segment. We've began identified direct costs associated with COVID-19, which totaled $2.8 million this quarter. These costs include direct labor and under absorption associated with temporary factory closures, wages for quarantines associates event cancellation fees, as well as other costs to accommodate the current enhanced health and safety environment. Also in the quarter, we recorded $1 million of restructuring cost actions for Europe. Consolidated gross margin of 48% compared to 47.2% last year, the 80 basis point improvement primarily reflects the higher sales volume and benefits and the company's RCI initiatives partially offset by 30 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects and 10 basis points of direct costs associated with COVID-19. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales of 27.9% improved 140 basis points from 29.3% last year, primarily reflecting the impact of the higher sales, which more than offset the 30 basis points related to restructuring and direct costs associated with COVID-19. Operating earnings before financial services of $216.2 million, including $2.8 million of direct costs associated with COVID-19, $1 million of restructuring costs and $1.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $171.4 million in 2019, reflecting a 26.1% year-over-year improvement. As a percentage of net sales operating margin before financial services of 20.1%, including 30 basis points of direct cost associated to the COVID-19 pandemic, and 30 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects improve 220 basis points from 17.9% last year. As you may know, Snap-On operates on a fiscal calendar, which results in an additional week to our fiscal full year and fourth quarter every six years. As a result, our 2020 fiscal year contains 53 weeks of operating results with the extra week relative to the prior year occurring in the fourth quarter. While the impact of this additional week was not material to Snap-On’s consolidated fourth quarter total revenues or net earnings, our financial services segment did earn an additional week of interest income on its financing portfolio. At the consolidated level, the net earnings benefit from the additional week of financial services interest income was largely offset by a corresponding additional week of fixed expenses, primarily personnel related costs and interest expense. With that said, financial services revenue of $93.4 million in the quarter of 2020 compared to $83.9 million last year, primarily reflecting the extra week of interest income and the growth in the financial services portfolio. Financial services operating earnings of $68.5 million increase $6.3 million for 2019 levels, principally due to the higher revenue but partially offset by increased variable compensation and other costs. Consolidated operating earnings of $284.7 million including $2.8 million of direct COVID related costs $1 million of restructuring costs and $1.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $233.6 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 24.4% compared to 22.5% in 2019. Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate of 21.8% compared to 22.3% last year. Finally, net earnings of $208.9 million or $3.82 per diluted share, including a $0.02 charge for restructuring increased $38.3 million or $0.74 per share from 2019 levels representing a 24% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now let's turn to our segment results, starting with the C&I Group on Slide 7. Sales of $364.4 million increased 3.3% from $352.9 million last year reflecting $7.5 million of acquisition related sales and $6.5 million of favorable foreign currency translation partially offset by a seven-tenths of 1% organic sales declining. While organic sales were essentially flat as compared to last year, they did improve sequentially in a more meaningful manner than what we see in our typical seasonal patterns, with organic sales of 14.6% from the third quarter of 2020. As compared to last year, the organic sales declined primarily reflects a mid single-digit decrease in our Asia Pacific operations, and a low single-digit decline in sales to customers in critical industries, offset by double-digit gains in the segments European based hand tools business. Within Asia similar to last quarter, sales to customers in India and Southeast Asia continue to be impacted by the effects of the pandemic. Across critical industries, while year-over-year sales declined in natural resources including oil and gas, U.S. Aviation and Technical Education. Sales into these markets have improved from third quarter comparisons. This quarter’s year-over-year gains were reflected across international aviation heavy duty and non-military government related activity. Sales to the U.S. military were lower as compared to the prior year as the fourth quarter of 2019 included sales for a major project that is winding down. Sales increases in our European based hand tool business were heaven across the region, particularly in France and the United Kingdom, as well as in our Scandinavian and export markets. Gross Margin of 37.8% improved 230 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to increased sales and higher gross margin businesses and declines in lower gross margin sales to the military, as well as from benefits of RCI initiatives. These increases were partially offset by 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects and 20 basis points of direct COVID-19 costs. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales 22.4% from 30 basis points as compared to last year. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $56.2 million, including $1.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects and $1 million of direct COVID-19 costs compared to $45 million last year. The operating margin of 15.4% compared to 12.8% a year ago. Turning down to Slide 8, sales in the Snap-On Tools Group of $494.9 million increased 20.2% from $411.7 million in 2019 reflecting a 19.6% organic sales gain and $2.2 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase reflects double-digit gains in both our U.S. and international operations. This reflects a 9.5% organic sequential gain over a strong third quarter 2020 sales performance. Gross margin of 42.9% in the quarter improved 270 basis points, primarily due to the higher sales volumes and benefits from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 24% improved from 27% last year, primarily due to the impact of higher sales volumes and savings from cost containment actions, which more than offset $1 million or 30 basis points of COVID-19 related costs. Operating earnings for the Snap-On Tools Group of $93.6 million compared to $54.3 million last year. The operating margin of 18.9% compared to 13.2% a year ago, an increase of 570 basis points. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9, sales of $361.1 million compared to $335 million a year ago reflecting a 7% organic sales gain and $2.4 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic increase includes a double-digit gain sales to OEM dealerships, particularly in sales related to OEM facilitation programs and a high single-digit increase in the sales of diagnostics and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers. These increases were partially offset by a low single-digit decline in sales of undercar equipment. Sequentially RS&I organic sales improved by 13.2%. Gross Margin of 46.1%, including 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, declined 160 basis points from last year primarily due to the impact have higher sales and lower gross margin businesses including facilitation program related sales to OEM dealerships. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales of 21.2%, including 30 basis points of cost from restructuring improved 50 basis points from 21.7% last year, largely reflecting the mix of business activity in the quarter. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $90 million, compared to $87.2 million last year, the operating margins at 24.9%, including the effects of 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects and 10 basis points of direct costs associated with COVID-19 compared to 26% a year ago. Now turning to Slide 10, revenue from financial services of $93.4 million compared to $83.9 million last year. This includes the additional days of accrued interest associated with a 53rd week in our 2020 fiscal calendar. Financial services operating earnings of $68.5 million, compared to $62.2 million in 2019. Financial services expenses of $24.9 million increased $3.2 million from last year's levels, primarily due to higher variable compensation and other costs partially offset by a year-over-year decrease in provisions for credit losses. Compared to the fourth quarter last year, provisions for credit losses were lower by $700,000, while net charge-offs and bad debts were lower by $1.3 million. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 1.1% and 1% in the fourth quarter of 2020 and 2019, respectively. In the fourth quarter, the average yield and finance receivables is 17.7% in 2020 compared to 17.5% in 2019. The respective average yield on contract receivables was 8.5% and 9.2%. The lower yield on contract receivables in 2020 includes the impact of lower interest business operations support loans for our franchisees. These loans were offered during the second quarter to help accommodate franchisee operations and dealing with the COVID-19 environment. As of the end of the quarter, approximately $13 million of these business operating support loans remain outstanding. Total loan originations of $272.4 million in the quarter increased $10 million or 3.8% from 2019 levels, reflecting a 4.5% increase in originations of finance receivables, while originations of contract receivables were essentially flat. Moving to Slide 11. Our year-end balance sheet includes approximately $2.2 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.9 billion from our U.S. operation. In the fourth quarter, our worldwide gross financial services portfolio increased $20.8 million, the 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.8% for the United States, extended credit is unchanged from last year and reflects the seasonal increase we typically experienced in the fourth quarter. As relates to extended credit or finance receivables, trailing 12 months net losses of $45.6 million represented 2.62% of outstandings at quarter end, down 8 basis points sequentially and down 29 basis points as compared to the same period last year. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $317.6 million in the quarter increased $120.9 million from comparable 2019 levels, primarily reflecting the higher net earnings and net changes in operating assets and liabilities including a $53.5 million decrease in working investment, primarily driven by inventory reductions in the period. Net cash used by investing activities of $73.6 million included $35.4 million for the acquisition of auto grid, capital expenditures of $26.5 million and net additions to finance receivables of $15.9 million. Free cash flow during the quarter of $275.2 million was 129% in relation to net earnings. Net cash used by financing activities of $111.6 million, including cash dividends of $66.8 million and the repurchase of 460,000 shares of common stock for $78.7 million under our existing share repurchase program. Full year 2020 share repurchases totaled 1.109 shares for $174.3 million. As of year-end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $275.7 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to Slide 13, trade and other accounts receivable decreased $53.9 million from 2019 year-end. Days sales outstanding of 64 days compared to 67 days of 2019 year-end. Inventories decreased $13.9 million from 29 year-end including a $40.1 million inventory reduction, partially offset by increases from $23.2 million of currency translation and $3 million from acquisitions. On a trailing 12 month basis inventory turns of 2.4 compared to 2.6 in year-end 2019, and 2.4 at the end of the third quarter 2020. Year-end cash position of $923.4 million compared to $184.5 million a year in 2019. Our net debt to capital ratio of 12.1% compared to 22.1% at year-end 2019. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million in available credit facilities. As of year-end, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility, and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2021. We anticipate that capital expenditures will be in the range of $90 million to $100 million. We currently anticipate the absence of any changes to U.S. Tax Legislation that our full year 2021 effective income tax rate will be in a range of 23% to 24%. I'll turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Snap-On fourth quarter, we're encouraged by where we've been and by where we're going. You see, we believe that we exit 2020 stronger more capable and more advantaged than when we entered the year. The virus came, we absorb the shock. We accommodated the turbulence and we forged a V shaped recovery as we anticipated in the depths of the difficulty. We believe the year is vivid testimony to Snap-On resilience into our ability in turning change and challenge to our advantage. And the fourth quarter performance says it's so. Sales up 12.5% as reported 10.6% organically OI margin 20.1% or 220 basis points against 30 basis points of unfavorable currency 10 basis points of restructuring charges and 30 basis points of direct COVID costs, strong improve. C&I sale, clear sequential gains OI margin of 15.4% rising 260 points, RSI sales up 7% organically, OI of 24.9% down, but still in heavy territory. Financial services revenue and profits all up portfolio solid in the storm. And finally, the Tools Group, sales are up 19.6% organically profits up 72.4% OI margin of 18.9% rising 570 basis points good numbers. But more importantly, underscoring our belief that the franchisee selling capacity has expanded and is positioned for more gains. And all of that it all came together to offer an EPS in the quarter of $3.82 up 24% from 2019 new heights in the great turbulence of 2020. And these heights were achieved while still nurturing our product, our brand, our people preserving and amplifying our natural advantages. We do believe we will leave the year at full and expanded strength and ready to reach higher and farther amid the abundant opportunities a 2021 and the years beyond. Before I turn the call over the operator. I'll speak directly to our franchisees and associates. We celebrate your contributions as you perform your central task, and we're confident your effort in preserving our society will be remembered for years to come. For your success in altering the encouraging results of our fourth quarter, you have my congratulations. And for your steadfast commitment to our present and for your unwavering belief in our future. You have my thanks. Now turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Scott Stember with C.L. King.
Scott Stember: Good morning guys and congratulations on a very strong quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Thank you.
Aldo Pagliari: Thank you.
Scott Stember: Particularly when you look at the Tools Group and if you look at the year-over- year number, I think you said, organically up 2% looks like you've essentially offset what you lost during the COVID period. But can you just frame out, how much of that was catch-up, and how much of that, is there a new incremental layer of growth? You talked about, people not traveling and being around and easy, I guess, some positive things coming, just your views on the Tools Group?
Nick Pinchuk: I think the story of the Tools Group is they took the COVID. And if you look at the endpoints, they're unaffected, what I mean, if you look at the endpoints are pretty good. And I think part of it is, sure they got shocked, and they had to accommodate, but they came back. And that's really the story of the corporation. But if you want to talk about recovery, I think, certainly in the third quarter, we had some recovery, we're coming out of those deep days of the virus in the end of the first quarter and second quarter. Fourth quarter, it's harder to judge that. We think the expanding capacity and the impact of the new products coming out of the SFC drove things. Now, you can step back and look at one other thing is that, if you attempted to think about that, realize that sales of the VAN kind of matched of, and sales of the van were up, significantly more than the sales to the VAN in the year. So I would say things are kind of chugging along, we can talk about what's up and down and so on. We think the Tools Group is in good shape. We think its product is where it is. And that's why I spent time on the discussion talking about expanding the capabilities of our franchisees because we said that there are two boundaries to the Tools Group, it's time and space. And we think we broke them through some of the time.
Scott Stember: Got it. So just again, you said that it was up significantly more than the selling, just to make sure I heard that correctly.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, significant more than Tools Group. If you look at the full year, of the VAN was more than to the VAN, and in the better, it changes from month-to-month, but generally kept pace even in the best course, best periods.
Scott Stember: Yes, and again, your view longer term hasn't changed mid single-digit growth for this segment. Just to clarify that?
Nick Pinchuk: That haven't changed, I think we get, let's take one step at a time and get back to where we want to be. We said we're 46% growth and will grow as a corporation, the Tools Group at the bottom of that. It’s a great profitable business. We think it's positioned for growth. We'll just take that one quarter at a time, but we're feeling good.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then last question, within tools. Did you talk about how big ticket did versus hand tools? Let me just clarify that a little more.
Nick Pinchuk: Hand tools was stronger, which is one of the great things we're innovating in hand tools. This is an interesting that in a complex environment like this hand tools and we've seen it forever hand tools are a great business. But the big ticket items continue to go it's particularly diagnostics, this particular quarter were nice and strong. But it's also a tool -- and Tools Group is up. But in any kind of environment coming out of the difficulty, like we saw in the financial recession, people take a little time to fully get into psychological recovery, and they're willing to pay for, or invest in longer payback is. So you're seeing that coming along.
Scott Stember: Got it. That's all I have. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Luke Junk with Baird.
Luke Junk: Thanks, and good morning, guys. First question, Nick. Just wondering if you could follow up on sales of the VAN versus your sales in the fourth quarter specifically, should we assume that outlines, that you just provided relative to the full year and sort of the general shape of that as we went through the year overall?
Nick Pinchuk: No. So, I don't want to get into that. I don't want to start another reporting number for myself. But the sales of the van were up strong double-digits.
Luke Junk: Fair enough.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, okay. And that that followed month-by-month. So we're not seeing any sale off necessarily. We like the momentum.
Luke Junk: Okay, I'll leave that one there. Second question that I wanted to ask is if you could expand on the comments that he made on the software side, Nick, in terms of the ADAS content that you rolled out I just want to understand -- what that capability is.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay I will you that, I tell you. One of the things, I talked about the sales of that information and diagnostic store repair shop owners or managers and independent shops, and one of the cornerstones of that lately is in Mitchell 1 is the ADAS software, which allows people to deal with difficulties of programming and understanding what's wrong with when you have a bridge in the advanced driver systems and as cars go to more autonomous this is even going to bigger. And so that Mitchell 1 has been one of the solid ones. If you go back and look at it, that segment has that portion has been pretty solid throughout the COVID. And that's one of the things driving it is the demand for these products. If automakers were going to go to highly automated cars, I kiss them tomorrow, because our business gets even better because precision is needed. And that's evidence of it.
Luke Junk: And then last question for Aldo, if I could. Just wondering if you could comment on higher steel pricing that we're seeing right now and your ability to offset that both operationally and through pricing actions, given the strength that you're seeing the Tools Group, especially right now?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, certainly we always do believe when there's invisible and -- visible inflation, I should say that we have the pricing power to deal with it. That said, yes, there's increases in the steel horizon, it takes a few months for them to come into the company, because obviously you buy in order some inventories in the past months, and you have them in line to arrive. So there's a trailing effect that's there. But historically, if you look back, Luke, we've had these types of gyrations in steel from time-to-time, and we deal with it, we do have pricing power, then again, I remind everyone Snap-On is very vertically integrated. So in a way, the good news factor is steel is not as much a percent of the final end product, as some people might imagine. So I think that actually does work to our benefit to some degree.
Luke Junk: Great, thank you for the color. I'll leave it there.
Nick Pinchuk: Right, good.
Operator: We will take our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Nick, congratulations on the good numbers, strong quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Thank you.
David MacGregor: Help me understand, why the spread between tools segment organic growth and the origination numbers is again this quarter in the mid-teens. And you called that diagnostics, being strong, I think you may have even said double-digits. So I'm really struggling to understand that, but…
Nick Pinchuk: I didn't actually say double-digit just to be clear. I don't think we could read. Sometimes I say things I don't remember. But certainly I don't think I said at that time. Look what here is the thing, you like to ask that question. Of course, that originations are divorced in time from what we sell to the VANS. And so what we're talking about is selling to the VANS. And so you have that divorce. But like I said, our hand tools are stronger in this quarter than others because people haven't been investing in big ticket items as much. But the big ticket items are still up diagnostics was strong. And diagnostic is kind of a mix, it doesn't all go to EC, they increasingly because as the franchisees get more well heeled, they often use them on revolving accounts, sort of put them on their 15 week deal or they may stretch it a little bit. They don't go to EC. So we get a mix of those things. So if you're trying to figure out where origination is going to go, you have time displacement. And you have the split of EC between RA I mean, but diagnostics between RA and EC, and then you have tool storage on top of that. So it would be fair to say though, that, as I said before the overall big ticket items wasn't as robust as the overall tool sales.
David MacGregor: Sure. I mean, you call that sell through off the truck in the fourth quarter up double, I think there you did say up double-digits, and it was a strong and…
Nick Pinchuk: I did. Yes, I did. Yes, I did.
David MacGregor: And the strong cadence through the quarter. I mean, on the surface, when you see that greater disparity between organic growth and tools in the originations number, it would look like there was an inventory build on the trucks.
Nick Pinchuk: No, I don't think so. We don't think that look, here's the thing. I think I'm saying this, I think if it lines up perfectly, the sales off the truck and to the truck kind of line up, all right. In fact, maybe for the full year, the sales off the truck are higher. So there's an inventory shrink, I guess, in macro. And secondly, what I'm saying is sales to the truck are more weighted to smaller ticket items, because people invest in the shorter paybacks in these times. But that doesn't mean that the big ticket Mullingar diagnostics was strong. We like diagnostics, but I'm not giving a total number.
David MacGregor: Right. And then what was the impact of the extra week on organic growth in the tool segment?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, it's kind of immaterial, really, because, the extra week is between New Year's and Christmas. And you got holidays and you got people relaxing and those periods so it doesn't really make much difference. It might be I think, actually, we in OpCo anyway, we lose money in that week. So at the expenses, and we don't have much sales.
David MacGregor: So a typical week would be about $40 million in revenues. Would it be half of that?
Nick Pinchuk: No less.
David MacGregor: Less than half of that, okay.
Nick Pinchuk: This happens, whatever, this happens every year the same way. We don't have that week, but that week is the same every year.
David MacGregor: Okay, last question for me. I guess on the cost savings at the SG&A line specifically, within the tool segment expenses were down about 300 basis points. So nice to see that pretty good number. By contrast in the C&I segment, your expenses were down about 30 bips and then RS&I down about 50. So I guess the question is, what are we able to cut back on and tools that may not have presented the same opportunity in the other two segments? And how much of that I don't know, could cost 250 basis points of discrepancy comes back with normalized conditions in ‘21?
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know. Look, I think one of the reasons is, of course, the Tools Group is much more heavily direct. And so because we're selling direct through our franchise, we're selling with our franchisees, we're out there travel and services, I mean, the normal years, and so we're out, we're kind of forward placed in tools more than others, so we like to be in the other places. So you would expect that to be a more target rich situation, especially in a situation with travels restricted in. And as far as going backward, I don't know, I think if your any operating business, you're feathered back these operations, you want to go out reach people when the sky is clear. Your guess is as good as mine. When the sky is clear, and you're going to work, they're going to be feathered in. I don't know if it will I doubt if it will all come back. But some of it will come back. I can't give you any guidance on it, though, really? Because we -- we're going to play it period-by-period.
David MacGregor: Okay, thanks. I'll get out of the way and turn it over to others. Thanks, Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay, thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Curtis Nagle with Bank of America.
Curtis Nagle: Thanks very much. So, I know you guys don't give guidance in terms of any of the operating numbers, but maybe just a little insight, I guess, if you could, in terms of kind of how you're planning out or budgeting the year for the Tools Group, I guess vis-à-vis things like miles driven what I think should be a recovering environment for things like collision and other auto work? I wasn't sort of framing I guess if you see 2021?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, look miles driven. Everybody makes a big deal about miles driven. But we never see motion, miles driven short-term. I don't think it plays out what we've learned is, since we've had over the last few years put a bigger in collision, it plays out in the collision business. So you're very right. I mean, collision is down significantly as an industry year-over-year. And we see that and you're seeing it that in our equipment, numbers that isn't in the Tools Group numbers so much. You might see some garages, the odd, the garages we visit, but isn't a big factor in that situation. Miles driven, I think it's not so much the short-term, but we think longer term, it's going to start going up and that going to be more cars, because people are going to go to individual vehicles, who wants to get on a subway, how many people want to live in a 47 -- work in a 40 storey building in the future? Maybe you guys I don't know. But I think there's going to be a motion a reversal of that we saw that in China. So we see car ownership and miles driven in a long way of getting better. And that drives our business what that means for us in 2021, unclear, but we think its opportunity. Now we think it's opportunity in the longer term, we're going to play out quarter-by-quarter, what I will tell you is we feel good about the momentum we've had going through the year, closing out the year. We feel good about that. We feel good about how our products are being received. We feel good about the efficacy of our software in the complex business. We feel good about the idea that our VAN drivers have more time so that's what I would say.
Curtis Nagle: Okay, fair enough. And then maybe just a quick follow up. I guess any notable changes in terms of the underlying health on the tech population, technician population in terms of income, which I think is still pretty good?
Nick Pinchuk: Actually income is up. But wages, I'll say that, I'll say the wages are up trailing 12 months and year-over-year in November, we will be less logistic. So, you view that from which you will but it’s up a couple 3%. So the wages are up nicely, so the technicians aren't suffering and they think, I've talked to several franchisees yesterday, and they all think positive about their customer base. So that's pretty good. And we had our kickoffs and I zoomed in to the watch parties in Pennsylvania, in Florida and Iowa and in New York, and they were all positive about their customers. So I think the technicians are being affected. In fact, maybe they're doing better.
Curtis Nagle: And you said, this is kind of, slow moving, maybe slow turning things. But in terms of the ongoing shortages in terms of tax any improvement there with employment?
Nick Pinchuk: Here is what I'll tell you, is that we're involved in that. We think that's an opportunity for us. And of course, we're working on that and for in listing people in career and technical education. And what we do is we establish Snap-On education sector is down, but we think it's been a boon for us, because we've been investing in education, and our number of certified centers, the education centers that offer Snap-On certification programs increased 33% in 2020 from 133 to 177. So we think we're in good shape in that situation. So I think technicians are going to come I think people are working on it. I'm particularly kind of optimistic about the President because his wife, Dr. Joe Biden is in technical education. So I think it'll get a good focus.
Curtis Nagle: All right, sounds good. Good luck on the quarter and thank you very much.
Nick Pinchuk: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Good morning, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: I am going to sort of trying to reconcile the tools growth with originations, are you seeing that maybe mechanics are using other sources of credit? Given their lack of spending on vacations or restaurants other entertainment?
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know, maybe you'll never know, I don't think we're seeing that. I haven't heard that anyway. 
Bret Jordan: You're not seeing a cash buyer pick up, I guess.
Nick Pinchuk: What does happen though, is as our franchisees get more flush they tend to reach up. Franchisees are healthier. And they tend to reach up into the lower end of the what we would call bigger ticket items, particularly in a diagnostic segment. So the big hitter, one of our baby boomers is the Apollo D9 and it's kind of for the everyman technician in the middle of the range. And that's the thing that really did well in the quarter. And that one can be financed by a technician, by a franchisee. So maybe we're seeing some of that, and that one we introduced, I think at the SFC, it gets rolling out we gave demonstration units. It's outselling its predecessor by about 25% in terms of activations and so it's looking pretty good. So maybe that heading this, but I just want to caution that it's hard to reconcile in the end period, originations with what sales we have to the van that's another factor. There are a bunch of factors that are dislocating in that way. Over time, it should be directionally.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then I guess a question on share gains obviously, some really strong quarters back-to-back in tool the full year just got to go up a couple percent. But do you feel that there's any shift in market share in your favor right now or is the market overall particularly strong?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think, look, I think vehicle I think our markets are overall strong, they're critical repair in particular being they're critical. They're critical. And they're essential and particular vehicle repair that underpins our critical mobility in the nation. But, and I don't really like to talk about market share, but what I'll tell you is, my franchisees are telling us that I said in my speech, that we are benefiting from being there through thick and thin. We were there every day in almost every day in the pandemic, anytime anybody would meet us, our guys were out there safely. And that has accrued to us. So for that turns into market share, I guess you can interpret it how you will.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Aldo Pagliari: Sure, thanks Bret.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Kind of a narrow question, but maybe illustrative of how you operate. Nick you mentioned, growth in international aviation, even double-digit pretty adds-on with the context of that margin. So is that kind of a startup initiative or is it up a decent base just looking for a little bit more?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look our international business is not fully equal to the U.S. business in aviation critical industries, but it's a reasonable comparison. This isn't like $300,000 and we doubled it to 600. That's not it. So generally that business I think, broad aviation is enough to bring aviation in total sort of up. So I mean, it's a good business. All I can say is go figure. Where we're getting. I guess it's a credit to the quality of our tools, the importance. Now remember, one of the things we've done in industrial that has got us, I think, got great popularity is we're leaning more and more on this customized kits. I talked about it, that’s in Europe, and we were banging those customers. It was gangbusters on a customized kits for the last several quarters and we are expanding capacity in that. In fact, that's one of the investments next year we're looking at to expand our capacity and customize kits and international aviation is part of it.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Now I would like to turn the call back to Sara Verbsky for any additional or closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-On. Good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2020 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Emma. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s third quarter results which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s, Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on’s Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we’ll take your questions. As usual, we’ve provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investor section. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release and in our conference call slides on pages 14 through 16. Both can be found on our website. With that said, I’d now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. Today, I'll start with the highlights of our third quarter. I'll give you a perspective on how the virus environment is playing out and on the trends that we see today and going forward. And I'll speak on our physical and financial progress. And Aldo will provide a more detailed review of the financials. We see the third quarter as another encouraging period, the metrics clearly confirm Snap-on’s resilience, showing the ability to continue its trajectory of positive results, moving from the initial shock of the virus and the associated interruption of activity to a combination, developing safe and effective ways to support the essential nature of our business and in some segments its starting to look toward psychological recovery where customers begin regaining competence in the future, and resume of full buying participation. The quarters results back that all up, demonstrating significant elements of advancements, sales and profitability improved sequentially across our operations despite the virus, the Snap-on team continued to make progress by increasing our ability to accommodate to the threat and pursue our essential commercial opportunity safely, moving along upward trajectories consistent with our general perspective on how the days of the virus are unfolding. Geographically, the impacts of the COVID continues to be varied across our operating landscapes. Asia Pacific remains virus challenged. Southeast Asia and India are still in deep turbulence. And at the same time, Europe showed some signs of recovery. For business segments, certain areas education, oil and gas, aviation experienced greater and more prolonged difficulties, you might expect that. In fact, the speed at which our customers are accommodating to the environment does vary by segment, but leading the way upward, our vehicle repair technicians, supporting the essential mobility of our society and our direct selling vans, our franchisees providing extraordinary face to face value, both are taking full advantage of the opportunities and the numbers show it. And as we go forward, we see considerable additional opportunities as society pivots towards suburban locations into more individual transportation. I'll tell you it's music to the ears of the vehicle repair operation. We believe we do have abundant opportunities on the road ahead. And because of that, we're keeping our focus on Snap-On value creation, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation, and Rapid Continuous Improvement or RCI. And in this area, that emphasis -- is this era, that emphasis is particularly important in customer connection innovation. We're following that focus to create a continuing stream of great new products, positioning our operation to -- operations, to monetize the accommodation and the psychological recovery that outlines the path to the future. And then the third quarter Snap-On value creation, customer connection innovations, role growth in the face of the uncertainty and lead to significant additions to our long line of product and innovation awards.  Snap-On was prominently represented with three motor magazine top tool awards. And we were further honored with five professional tool and equipment news or peak 10 innovation awards, but most significant of all, we are also recognized with 18 P10 people's choice awards, where the technicians, the actual users make the selections, 18 is a big number. It ties our record. That was set just a few years ago. You see an essential driver, our growth with, or without the pandemic is innovative product that makes work easier. It's always been our strength and the awards hard won our testimony that exceptional Snap-On products just keep coming, matching the growing complexity of the tasks and maintaining our forward progress, even in turbulence. That's the overview. Now for the results. Third quarter as reported sales of 941.6 million, we're up 39.8 million or 4.4% from 2019, including a 34.6 million or a 3.8% organic increase 4.2 million of favorable foreign currency translation and 1 million of acquisition related sales. From an earnings perspective, OpCo OI for the quarter of 185.7 million, including 1.5 million in direct costs associated with the virus and a $4.5 million hit from unfavorable currency compared to 167.7 million last year. The OpCo operating margin was 19.7%, up 110 basis points. For financial services operating income of 65.6 million increase from 2019, 61 million all while the 60 day delinquencies improve year over year, over year and that results combined with OpCo for a consolidated operating margin of 24.5%, 130 basis point improvement. Overall EPS was $3.28 and that compared to $2.96 last year, an increase a 10.8% in a somewhat challenged environment. Those are the overall numbers. Now the groups, in CNI volume in the third quarter of 308.4 million, including 2.2 million of favorable foreign currency was down 8% as reported 8.6% organically. Reflecting the decreases in we're talking, decrease in sales to our customers, a critical industries. I named a few and in Asia Pacific. Now our European based hand tool business was essentially plaque to last year. A positive result, given the twin headwinds of COVID-19 and the economic turbulence that now inhabits that region. From an earnings perspective, C&I operating income of $43.1 million decrease $5.2 million, including $1.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects and eight-tenths of COVID related expenses. Now C&I sales were down 8.6%. OI was down, 10.8%, a reasonable ratio, highlighting that RCI and cost containment went a long way in offsetting the impact of lower volume at C&I. In addition, the group did show significant sequential progress. The decline in sales and OI both narrowed considerably compared to the second quarter, reaffirming the positive upward trend that started after April. Regarding critical industries, military and international aviation, again, continue to register growth, while activity in education, oil and gas and U.S. aviation were particularly impacted. You might expect that, given the state of those particular industries. But we do remain confident in and committed to extending in the critical industries. And we see growing opportunities moving forward. And the principal path to that possibility is customer connection and innovation, combining to create powerful new products. Our European hand tools business showed resilience in the quarter, yes. And it was aided by a good dose of innovation, products like our all-new line of Bahco ERGO and insulated cutting and holding pliers. We redefined the steel mill and refined our heat treat process, developing a new metallurgy that strikes the perfect balance between strength and reliability. With those special material advantages, the edges were redesigned and improved, progressive blades that cut both soft cables at the tip and hardwires close to the joint, tremendous versability -- versatility. The new players have longer jaws and are aligned with more precision, better access and more accurate work. The insulation meets the IEC 60900 international standard for working with live systems up to 1,500 volts DC, substantial protection, safety in the -- in vehicle repair or in industrial environment. Strength, reliability, flexibility, accessibility and safety, the ERGO plier is a powerful addition to the Bahco lineup of insulated tools, now numbering 250 strong, all focused on electrical work. The new pliers were launched just this quarter, and I'll tell you, the recession was quite enthusiastic. We also continue to introduce attractive new entries in our lineup of 14.4 volt, the compact cordless power tools. This quarter, two strong additions, effective in the repair shop around the production line. The new CGRS861 or the CGRR861 incline and right angle grinder, high torque, longer run time, extended motor life, all in a compact, lightweight and easy to maneuver body. The new units both feature a dual -- they both feature a dual collet system, accommodating both eighth-inch and quarter-inch bits, allowing for a wide range of accessories and a feature that when combined with our built in spindle lock, makes for very quick changeover. That's a popular time saver. The new tools also include variable speed control, a key to handling a wide variety of servicing jobs. We launched in August. The technicians clearly have noticed and the grinders are already two of our million-dollar hit products. C&I demonstrating encouraging sequential progress, serving the essential. Each of the business is generating ongoing improvement and exiting the quarter stronger than when they entered and product investment authored a big piece of that progress. Now on to the Tools Group. As reported, sales up 16.8% to $449.8 million, including $1.8 million of favorable foreign currency and at $62.8 million or a 16% -- 16.2% organic increase, same-store sales, with the U.S. and international businesses all growing at double digits. The operating earnings, $87.1 million, including $400,000 of virus related cost and $2.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency that compared to $53 million last year. The Tools Group operating success was a clear confirmation on our view of the COVID-19 trajectory on the resilience of the vehicle repair business and on the strength of our direct face-to-face band model. As we entered the quarter, we saw our franchisees seeking increasingly effective ways to accommodate pandemic. For doing this, pursuing the support of the essential and we've helped in that effort with time saving aids, including further automation in the customer collection process, remote diagnostic software renewals and multi-franchisee data bundling. New technology aids aimed at making it easier to operate in the virus environment and saving scarce franchisee time under any conditions. Also, as I'm sure many of you are aware, the third quarter is when we hold our annual Snap-On Franchisee Conference, the SFC. No surprise. This year was different than any held before. The in-person gathering was canceled, and our 100th anniversary celebration plan for that meeting was postponed to 2021. Instead of the usual event, we came together over the weekend ordinarily reserved for the SFC yet a virtual conference, live from the Forge. More than 3,800 van drivers participated at a distance, representing nearly 98% of the North American network, flowing what was I think a rousing Friday night kickoff. We have presentations on significant offerings training on unique product advantages and seminars on effective selling techniques, after that Friday show, 180 individual videos featuring products and programs and training were posted on demand. And through the course of the weekend, franchisees wrapped up over 43,000 views of the content. The live from the Forge action was concluded on Sunday afternoon, and I'll tell you, it was a clear success. Continuing the SFC tradition, highlighting new product, strengthening our franchise capabilities with great training and reinforcing our brand with a positive message and a lot of fun. It was abundantly evident at live from the Forge that new product is a big driver for franchisee excitement. We do have considerable confidence in the power of our product line, and there are real reasons for that belief. You heard about the product awards. Well, beyond that, as our franchisees saw, there's a continuing stream of other great new offerings, candidates for next year's recognition, attention getters that make repair work easier and really help the technicians meet the challenges of increasing vehicle complexity at the model years roll by. Just one example. Unveiled at the conference was our New Steel Titan Roll Cab with a new color combination, eye catching, dark titanium paint brushed in blue trim, special details in bright blue, the Snap-On nameplate, the S-ranch logo located on the cap face, and a special S-ranch imprint on each interior liner. The Titan is visually striking, I can tell you, but it's also work enabling, three extra wide drawers for easy access to most commonly used tools, the speed door, improved organization for a variety of small items like drill bit and a power drawer for power tool charging using an exclusive power Snap-On, exclusive power strip design with five offset AC outlets and 2 USB ports. Vehicle repair is moving towards psychological recovery, gaining confidence, starting to invest in longer payback items, and a steel tighten is just the ticket. It's a product excitement even in the pandemic, and it was since then, the customers love it. Also introduced in this quarter was the new 8 piece, power steering and alternator polymaster set a handle, helping technicians to more easily remove and install presson pullies and most GM, Ford and Chrysler engines. The unique reversible dual design that this handle has includes multiple adapters, allowing for quick model changeovers and increased productivity, pretty important in the garage. The master set is a necessity for smooth installation and removal of power steering pump, alternator and vacuum pump pullies in a large range of vehicles. It's manufacturing in our Elkmont, Alabama plant, right here in the U.S.A. I was just there last week, and I could tell you, it's a great team. It's no wonder the initial response that master set was very positive. It made our list of hit million dollar products in just the first month. Well, that's the Tools Group, accommodating the pandemic, taking advantage of the psychological recovery, furthering innovation and strengthening for the future. Now let's speak of RS&I. The RS&I group also posted significant sequential improvement from the second quarter, narrowing the shortfall to 1.6%. You may recall that in the second quarter, the sales were down 29.8%. That's a big move. Volume in this period was – volume in this period and in the third quarter was 317.5 million, including 800,000 of favorable foreign currency and $1 million from recent acquisitions. The slightly lower activity reflected continued growth in the sales of diagnostics and repair information products to independent repair shops and flat capital spending on undercar equipment, all balanced by improved but still decreased activity in vehicle OEM projects. RS&I operating earnings of $80.1 million, decreased $3.2 million, reflecting the lower volume. OI margin was 25.2%, down 60 basis points, including a 10-point hit from currency. So while the overall group was somewhat impacted, diagnostics and information-based operations continue to grow. And once again, new products led the way. Among the new offerings launched in the quarter was our latest intelligence diagnostic unit, the Apollo D9, ergonomically designed, the new handheld -- it's a new handheld and it features ultrafast, 2-second start-up time, a larger 9-inch touch screen and a number of preloaded training videos installed directly on the tool for instant use. The platform is powered by our intelligent diagnostics software, over 1 billion repair records and over 100 billion unique diagnostic events, all organized to help technicians fix cars much faster. Now we've been talking about shortening the selling cycle for our complex diagnostics and increasing the sales capacity of our franchisees. Well, live from the Forge features a detailed seminar on operating and selling the new Apollo and to make that distance trading extra powerful. Each franchisee was provided with a new demo unit to follow right along light, hand on with the program. And in addition to the special training, unit could also be used immediately the next week to demonstrate the new Apollo's compelling advantages right in the field seems to be working. Although it was introduced at the end of the quarter, our on the street feedback says our new handheld will go a long way to advance our strategic trust into intelligent diagnostics. We're confident in the strength of RS&I. And we keep driving to expand its position with repair shop owners and managers, making work easier with great new products even in the days of the virus. Well, that our third quarter, absorbing a shock following the accommodation, moving on to psychological recovery, keeping our people safe while we serve the essential, continuing to improve sequentially on a positive trend, a successful SFC at a distance, confirming the power of our direct selling van model, results above last year. Sales up 4.4%, OI margin, 19.7%, 110 basis points higher. Financial services navigating the virus era with strike and an EPS of $3.28. All achieved while maintaining and investing in our strengths of products, brands and people. It was an encouraging quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on slide 6. Net sales of $941.6 million in the quarter compared to $901.8 million last year, reflecting a 3.8% organic sales gain, $4.2 million of favorable foreign currency translation and $1 million of acquisition related sales. The organic increase reflected sequential improvements in year-over-year performance in all three operating segments, led by the Tools Group segment with a double-digit sales gain in the third quarter as compared to last year. While sales in the Commercial & Industrial and Repair Systems & Information segments were lower than the third quarter of 2019, they did increase significantly from 2020 second quarter levels. During the quarter, the COVID-19 pandemic remained the headwind in certain geographies and within certain industries. But overall, the momentum experienced in the month of June continued into the full third quarter for all of our businesses. Similar to last year, we identified last quarter, we identified $1.5 million of direct costs associated with COVID-19. These costs include direct labor, under absorption associated with temporary factory closures, wages for quarantine associates and event cancellation fees as well as other costs to accommodate the current enhanced health and safety environment. Consolidated gross margin of 49.9% compared to 49.7% last year. The 20 basis point improvement primarily reflects the higher sales volumes and benefits from RCI initiatives, partially offset by 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. The operating expense margin of 30.2%, improved 90 basis points from 31.1% last year, largely reflecting the impact of higher sales and savings from cost containment actions and accommodating the impact that COVID-19 has had on the overall business environment. Operating earnings report financial services of $185.7 million, including $1.5 million of direct costs associated with COVID-19 and $4.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $167.7 million in 2019, reflecting a 10.7% year-over-year improvement. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 19.7%, including 20 basis points of direct costs related to the COVID-19 pandemic and 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, improved 110 basis points from 18.6% last year. Financial Services revenue of $85.8 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to $84.1 million last year. While operating earnings of $65.6 million compared to $61 million in 2019, principally reflecting growth in the Financial Services portfolio as well as lower provisions for credit losses. Consolidated operating earnings of $251.3 million, including $1.5 million of direct COVID-related costs and $4.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $228.7 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 24.5% compared to 23.2% in 2019. Our third quarter effective income tax rate of 23.4% compared to 23.5% last year. Finally, net earnings of $179.7 million or $3.28 per diluted share, increased $15.1 million or $0.32 per share from 2019 levels, representing a 10.8% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the C&I Group on Slide 7. Sales of $308.4 million compared to $335.3 million last year, reflecting an 8.6% organic sales decline and $2.2 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic decrease primarily reflects a low-teen decline in both sales to customers in critical industries and in our Asia Pacific operations. While sales of the segment's European-based hand tools business were essentially flat. Across the critical industries, gains in international aviation and sales to the U.S. military were more than offset by declines in natural resources, including oil and gas, as well as continued lower technical education sales. Within Asia, sales to customers in India and Southeast Asia continue to lag behind some recovery experienced in other areas of the region. Gross margin of 37.3%, declined 60 basis points year-over-year, mostly due to the impact of lower volume and 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. These decreases were partially offset by material cost savings and benefits from the company's RCI initiatives. The operating expense margin of 23.3% improved 20 basis points as compared to last year. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $23.1 million, including $1.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $48.3 million last year. The operating margin of 14% compared to 14.4% a year-ago. Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $449.8 million compared to $385.2 million in 2019, reflecting a 16.2% organic sales gain, and a $1.8 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase reflects a mid-teen gain in our U.S. franchise operations and approximately a 20% increase in the segment's international operations. Gross margin of 45.5% in the quarter improved 210 basis points, primarily due to the higher sales volumes and benefits from RCI initiatives, partially offset by 70 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. The operating expense margin of 26.1% improved from 29.6% last year, primarily due to the impact of higher sales volumes and savings from cost containment actions, including lower travel and meeting related expenses. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $87.1 million, including $2.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $53 million last year. The operating margin of 19.4%, compared to 13.8% a year ago. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on slide 9. Sales of $317.5 million compared to $322.7 million a year ago, reflecting a 2.2% organic sales decline, as well as $800,000 of favorable foreign currency translation and $1 million of acquisition related sales. The organic decrease includes a high single-digit decline in sales to OEM dealerships, partially offset by a low single digit increase in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and mangers. Gross margin of 47.3%, including 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, declined 40 basis points from last year. The operating expense margin of 22.1% increased 20 basis points from 21.9% last year. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $80.1 million compared to $83.3 million last year, the operating margin of 25.2%, compared to 25.8% a year ago, including the effects of 20 basis points of unfavorable currency and 10 basis points of direct costs associated with COVID-19. Now, turning to slide 10. Revenue from Financial Services of $85.8 million compared to $84.1 million last year. Financial Services operating earnings of $65.6 million compared to $61 million in 2019. Financial Services expenses of $20.2 million decreased $2.9 million from last year's levels, primarily due to lower provisions for credit losses, reflecting a year-over-year decline in net charge offs. As a percentage of the average portfolio, Financial Service expenses were nine-tenths of 1% and 1.1% in the third quarter of 2020 and 2019 respectively. In the third quarter, the average yield and finance receivables of 17.8% in 2020, compared to 17.7% in 2019. Respective average yield on contract receivables was 8.4% and 9.2%. The lower yield on contract receivables in 2020 includes the impact of lower interest business operation support loans for our franchisees. These loans were offered during the second quarter to help accommodate franchisee operations and dealing with the COVID-19 environment. As of the end of the third quarter, approximately $16 million of these business operating support loans remain outstanding. Total loan originations of $252.8 million in the third quarter of 2020, compared to $253.5 million last year. Originations of both finance receivables and contract receivables were essentially flat the last year's levels. Moving to slide 11. Our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.2 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.9 billion from our U.S. operation. Our worldwide gross financial services portfolio increased $25 million in the third quarter. Collections of finance receivables in the quarter of $185.2 million, compared to collections of $181.6 million during the third quarter of 2019. As we mentioned last quarter, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we did provide short term payment relief or forbearance, to some of our franchisees qualifying customers. As at the end of September, those accounts having forbearance terms, we're back to more typical levels and were below 1% of the finance receivable portfolio, as compared to about 2.5% as of the end of the second quarter. Trailing 12-month net losses on extending credit or finance receivables of $46.7 million represented 2.7% of outstandings at quarter end, down 23 basis points sequentially. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.5% for U.S. extended credit, compared to 1.7% last year. On a sequential basis, the rate is up 50 basis points, mostly reflecting the typical seasonal increase of 20 to 30 basis points we experienced between the second and third quarters, as well as the 20 or 30 basis point benefits to this rate reflected in the second quarter of 2020 that was associated with the deferred payment programs that were offered through June. Now, turning to slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $224 million in the quarter increased $92.9 million from comparable 2019 levels, primarily reflecting the higher net earnings and net changes in operating assets and liabilities, including a $57 million decrease in working capital, largely driven by lower year-over-year changes in inventories. Net cash used by investing activities of $18.8 million included net additions to finance receivables of $11.7 million and capital expenditures of $10.1 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $105.1 million included cash dividends of $58.8 million and the repurchase of 300,000 shares of common stock for $45.1 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of the end of September, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $294.5 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to slide 13, trade and other accounts receivables decreased $75.7 million from 2019 year end; days sales outstanding of 64 days compared to 67 days of 2019 year end; inventories increased $4 million in 2019 year end. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.4, although slightly improved as compared to 2.3 times at the end of the second quarter compared to 2.6 at year end 2019. Our quarter end cash position of $787.5 million compared to $184.5 million at year end 2019. Our net debt to capital ratio of 15.5% compared to 22.1% at year-end 2019. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million in available credit facilities. As of quarter end, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks Aldo. We are encouraged by the quarter. Our operations, all the groups, C&I, RS&I, and Tools improving sequentially, shocked to accommodations of psychological recovery, tracing a clear and continuing upward trend. A significant rise in the Tools Group up 16.2% organically same-store sales, confirming the opportunities in vehicle repair and showing the power of our manned network. Financial service is performing well in the turbulence, demonstrating clearly the robust nature of its processes and its portfolio, and the positive overall results. Sales up 4.4%, 3.8% organically, OI margin 19.7% strong, representing a rise of 110 basis points. EPS $3.28, up 10.8% from last year, significant gains against the turbulence. All achieved, while consciously continuing to fortify our strength and advantage in product, a range of new offerings, in brand, a successful SSC despite the distance, and in people. We're keeping our team intact. You see, we are confident in our belief that we have ongoing upward momentum in the near-term, and we recognize that we've expanded opportunity in changing technologies and with the greater use of personal vehicles in the long-term. And we're maintaining our advantages through the virus, so that Snap-On will be at full strength, taking advantage of these abundant opportunities, driving continuous progress through this period of challenge, and well beyond. Now, I’ll speak directly to our franchisees and associates, I know many of you are listening, this was an encouraging quarter. And we do have a bright future. And I know none of it would be possible without your energy, your capability and your dedication. For your essential efforts in supporting our society, you have my admiration. For your extraordinary achievement and driving us forward, you have my congratulations. And for your continuing commitment to our team, you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Good morning. Congratulations on a strong quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Just curious at Tools Group, how to contextualize the growth, which really had no foreshadow or precedent the last few years, other than maybe why is there to look at 2Q to 3Q combined year-over-year growth, or in terms of…
Nick Pinchuk: Look, I think the thing is I think we said when we went into the first quarter. In the first quarter, we said we got hammered in March, but things were looking pretty good before that. so I think we had made investments in products and processes that were helping us mind the franchisees capability more effectively, and we started to see that toward the end of the fourth quarter last year and the first quarter. And then, KT Bar [ph], the doer on the virus and so things go down. But we started to see people recover, that's why we say shock accommodation. They started to accommodate, and we said, June was coming back tracing an upward trend. So when you look at the third quarter, I think you think of it in, okay, there is some makeup I assume when things are going down so badly, particularly in April. There's some catch up there, but here's the thing that makes sense to us when you look at the sales off the van, the sales off the van have been strong for a long time. They were better in the second quarter than our sales. And in the third quarter, they were every bit as strong deep into -- clear weak, well into double digits every month. And then when you look back at it after the third quarter. The sales off the van are up year-over-year by a clear amount. And so they're play it by clear amount, so I think that's the data point. It seems to me we're going back to like that upward trend now what happens going forward, hard to say. I guess that's the $64,000 question. What I like what I see on this kind of situation, Tool Group seems to be hitting on all cylinders, wildcard could be Europe, and in the quarter one of the cool things about the quarter was the UK, it turned around quite well. I don't know if you caught the international operations up double digits, and that hadn't been a situation. And so there's a lot of ups and downs there and that could be an uncertainty going forward over those geographies and so on, but I'll tell you what, there's a lot of momentum and a lot of good reason – we see a lot of good reasons for this and the franchisees becoming more effective in the way we knew how to get over this because of the, you know, this wasn't our first rodeo associated with the downward trend. And we knew how to get our franchisees through it, and we got them through it and it paid off. So I think, I think you kind of look at it, okay, you know, 16.2% organically, it's a big number, but we really mined the profits. And -- and I think if you think about off the van, it shows that there's an appetite out there and vehicle repair is back. It's approaching, it's approaching psychologic, what we call in our context and our construct, psychological recovery and the vans are taking advantage of it.  What we like about this is, we've gone to something arithmetic. It shows the resiliency of vehicle repair in turbulence and the positivity and the strength of the face to face bad model. When we enable it with these technologies, we've been helping them.
Q – Christopher Glynn: Thanks. And just to follow up, I was curious what degree you guys contemplate a Upshift in the payout ratio, given that organic reinvestment and bolt-ons and share purchaser, you know, very much covered in your kind of pay as you go rates there. I think, you know, some field is a strong case for 50% to 60% payout ratio, curious your thoughts around that?
A – Nick Pinchuk: Well, Chris, you probably know that we have in recent history, usually revisit the dividend rate in the fourth quarter, that's coming up upon us. And like every meeting we have with the Board of Directors we'll have that discussion and we'll try to take a step forward in what we think is affordable. Realizing that Snap-On approaches that treat the dividend increase, kind of like a perpetuity. Again, that's been our historic pattern and I'll kind of leave it at that.
Aldo Pagliari: Yeah. I mean, our governing policy and dividends is perpetuity. We think it's a cornerstone and in a hallmark of the resilience and power of our model. So we believe in that strongly.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Luke Junk with Baird.
Q – Luke Junk: Everyone. Thanks for taking the question. So two questions on the ToolsGroup first wondering if you could comment on growth rates from a product line standpoint, it seems like diagnostic sales are likely up moderately based on your RS&I commentary and two storage, I guess if we just look at originations feels really stable, should be read that handle sales were the big driver of the strength, or is there something else that should be taking into account?
A – Nick Pinchuk: Sort of yes with qualifications to those questions, I guess, I don't know. Look here, first of all, looking at it. Look, I just say this as a disclaimer upfront. Looking at the, the quarterly byproduct numbers, doesn't really tell you that much because it's heavily dependent on what introduced, what are the products and programs that break on the mind on the -- on with the franchisees and then onto the technicians in the quarter that really heavily influences it. So one quarter, can't give you any real information on this, but it can, it's better than a pop an eye start sharp stick when you look at these things sometimes. So look, here's the thing, big ticket items. We're up in the quarter. Our sales for the franchisees were up in the quarter they were up, okay you know, a tool storage had a nice quarter actually. And I bought the, there is a timing difference between originations and sales, our sales to the vans. Remember what you're seeing from us is we sell to the vans and then they got probably first of all, okay, they got to probably first of all, okay, they got to get there, you know they get there and then the guys get them up and they find a buyer and then they get credit so on. So there can be – there can be some sort of disconnection between the timing. But generally, I'd say, that's right. If they were up in the hand tools we're very strong in the quarter, very strong. And they lead the way, but power tools were nicely up too. So I mean, there are a number of different products that were up. The hand tools of course, and a lot depends on what you feature and what the new products are, which is why I talked about the master set, because hand tools was a star in the quarter, but it wasn't to the exclusion say, like total storage and the others.
Luke Junk: Okay. That’s…
Nick Pinchuk: The other think I think you would – one other things I think you would conclude out of this, I think is that when you see originations in effect, what do they got 0.3% or something like that, or you know, something maybe a little bit bigger in the U.S., and you see me say that tool storage is up to the franchisees and the big ticket is up for franchisees, you would say that, it's not the model of the product, it’s that the fact that being flat, even flat we're up a little bit year-over-year means that they're going to psychological recovery. In other words, the garages and the franchise, then the technicians and the franchisees themselves are starting to believe in the future and have confidence to invest in longer payback items. This is kind of a watershed of van's in terms of the state of mind throughout the industry. One of the one of the setbacks and if you think about it, boy, you just step back and you look at the news about the auto industry in general, but also you kind of look around, you know, vehicle repair is pretty robust, actually in wages were up for technicians in August, according to – the rollings roll up and so I think that's a positive. And when I go out, when I went to the factory in Alabama, you know, in Elkmont, Alabama, I also went to franchisees, I just talked to several franchises across the country and they're all talking about robust garages. When I went to a garage recently out around here, you couldn't get in the parking lot, there were too many cars. So I think this is going pretty well.
Luke Junk: Okay. And then second questions is just the clarification. Wondering what the statuses of the deferred payment sales plan programs that you told us about back in April? Was there any impact from those plans in the quarter from a sales standpoint in the Tools Group. And then from a credit standpoint, although you'd mentioned the sort of 20 to 30 basis point influence sequentially in the U.S. extending credit delinquency rates. Should we assume that that fully washes out in the third quarter effectively versus the noise if you want to call it in 2Q?
Nick Pinchuk: In Q3, there was no sales part of its derived from the deferred programs because there were no deferred programs. No, I say that our Elite franchisees, people that we strike in the Platinum program called Elite, always have the privilege of being able to offer a 60 day deferred programs as a normal course of business. So I won’t call that just normal activity. So there is nothing unique in Q2, in Q3 that benefited the sales line. When it comes to impact on delinquency rates and collections and charge-offs, we factor all of that in based on our history which is considerable, because again, while we don't have in depth COVID-19 experience as is our first experience at that, we do have a lot of experience with catastrophic events which are usually more local. And we do provide in our provisioning for what would be the anticipated losses when you have people that take advantage of deferred programs versus non-deferred programs. So having said all that, I guess, I don't want to use the word ‘it washes out’ but it's already kind of reflected in our results. And going forward, whether we offer more differed programs will remains to be seen. We look at the opportunities and if they're created. We'll think about it, see if it creates a reason to buy now.
Nick Pinchuk: What's interesting from our perspective is, if it weren’t for the COVID, everybody wouldn't be on the edge of their seat with this. I recognize that everybody wants to see if there's going to be problems with the credit company and collections and delinquencies and so on, because of the COVID. But in reality, the deferral is just an everyday thing for us. We do it from time to time. It happens on a regular -- not regular, not periodic basis, but it happens quite often. We just mix it up so we give, say, our customers a reason to buy now, and a franchisee a reason to change up a sales pitch to have something to talk about to these customers.
Luke Junk: Good. Appreciate the color on both those questions and I'll leave it there. Thanks guys.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning. How are you doing?
Bret Jordan: Good. Hey, when you think about the impact of, I guess -- the mix, it sounded like the hand tools were very strong. Do you think stimulus played a role? I mean, obviously, the garages are seeing business as people are putting their personal cars back on the road, have you used...
Nick Pinchuk: I think, I don't know. Look, I think, my gift is, first of all, our guys are employed mostly. You can look at the thing, things dipped. I think the number of hours went down 5% or something like that in April. And then it's snapped right back and generally what we see, what I'm hearing from my franchisees and I've talked to a lot of them, the garages are pretty much employed. So I don't think unemployment is a big deal. I mean, the unemployment deal or the PPI. You could have argued that that whatever people got in the beginning like $1,200 or something, that might have helped. I'm reading that people put that in a bank, I don't know. But I think it would have been over in the second quarter. We kind of thought that might have helped us in the second quarter. That was one of the questions for us, when we saw the tools group go up and hit the 3%, or I guess it was 2.4% in United States and that kind of thing. We thought maybe that might have been helping us. But I -- my sense of it is, it was probably either banked or spent before it. I don't think it was driving the third quarter. I don't think. And I don't think those – I don’t think our guys are sitting on the edge of the seat, waiting for Congress to approve another one. Now if they do…
Bret Jordan: So the mix of cash versus credit buyer, I mean, it sort of seems like you had a very strong tools number but not as much growth on the credit books. So was there a real shift here to cash purchase in the third quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, there was a shift towards -- there was a shift toward the smaller -- not shift, but in the quarter we had nice hand tools and they tend to be RA, not long term credit. Remember, when you say credit, when you're talking about credit, everything sold off to buyers on credit.
Bret Jordan: Right.
Nick Pinchuk: Everything. Right? And so, okay, you're only talking about whether it's 12 to 15 week credit or -- three year or four year credit, really, so everything’s sold on credit. So I don't think, if you say -- if you put that in a pot and say everything was sold, so I don't see people paying cash so much. I haven't heard people pay in cash. And our RA book is up some, because hand tools were strong. Anytime hand tools are strong, you see that happen, and the longer term credit tends to be a little bit less. But actually we thought longer term credit, given the environment was pretty robust in the quarter. Now, as I said, I think it's a sign of things getting better in the in the general view of the repair shop. Now, if somehow a miracle happens and the people in Washington get together and they decide to send everybody $1,200, I think that would be might be cherry on the top, I don't know. I don't think we got much in the third quarter though. I really don't.
Bret Jordan: Did you talk about the cadence of the third quarter? I mean, obviously the timing, you didn't have the franchise event, so maybe people were spending more money early or--
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, all right. I mean the cadence in the -- Bret, the cadence in the third quarter isn't as clear as the second quarter because we're coming off some -- April is god awful. So, I mean the thing is you're coming off of that and you kind of roll up but generally, if you look at -- I mean if you want to talk to Tools Group, if you look at the sales off the van which is not really subject to much SFC impact. It was -- each month was into the double-digit range clearly. So, I think the cadence was pretty solid off the van. You get up and down depending on where the SFC is, I think here. Sometimes like for example, when you have a live SFC, people tend to keep their powder dry because they want to get there and spend they it's almost like a Disney World. We were -- it's almost like a fun experience when they get there, and they run around and they buy all this stuff. And so this was a little more measured because it was added this and so not quite as exciting and so they spent a little earlier than they would have and I think up. So, that's a fair view. But if you look at the stuff off the van, it seems to be solid.
Bret Jordan: Thank you. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Curtis Nagle with Bank of America.
Curtis Nagle: Good morning. Thanks very much.
Nick Pinchuk: Curt, how are you doing?
Curtis Nagle: Great. Nick, Aldo, how are you guys doing?
Nick Pinchuk: We're doing okay.
Curtis Nagle: Terrific, terrific. Glad to hear. So, maybe just first one on inventory. I think -- looks like there was a nice work down. Could you talk to you a little bit about which segments you saw I guess the largest declines or I guess the biggest movement year-over-year--?
Nick Pinchuk: I think we didn't see much of a downtick in the Tools Group inventory, but that you have to look at it through the lens of seasonality. Tools Group inventory always rises in the third quarter in anticipation of the sales and in anticipation of having to make good the order burst that comes out of an SFC. So, fundamentally inventory flat in the quarter meant that the Tools Groups seasonally look pretty good really compared to what we -- what you might expect if that had been a normal year. The other groups I think came down. I think our overall inventory was down a reasonable amount, so that's -- I think it was -- as you might expect in this kind of era.
Aldo Pagliari: Yeah. The inventory in constant dollars, Curt, was down about $28 million, $29 million. As Nick mentioned, Tools Group relatively flat in terms of their inventory move and the other -- were shared kind of equally between the commercial and industry groups and I both had contributions to lower inventory which is expected because their sales were not as robust as last year.
Nick Pinchuk: But I wanted -- what I wanted to emphasize in a call though. Hey, one of the things that -- I tell you what both were sequentially improved. I mean C&I was down what 25%, 19.7% I think. It's about 20% in the quarter -- second quarter is 8.6%. That's a nice improvement and then the one that really came from behind was RS&I, we thought, I think -- I'll share with you, we thought RS&I, the garages themselves based on the atmosphere in the OEM would have been harder to come back, would take a longer to come back. But they moved from -- they were down like, I said in my script, 29.8% last quarter and they knock I think 2.2% organically and one down, 1.6% as reported, so pretty big move. So I think what you're seeing in those businesses, even though they aren't -- they don't have the starry numbers as the Tools Group has, because their industries are still going through accommodation and aren't even approaching psychological recovery, they’re showing some pretty good movement.
Curtis Nagle: Understood, great. And then maybe just a quick clarification in terms of, I guess a sequential trend in sale out on the vans, the Tools Group in 2Q to 3Q, did it improve or how did that trend I just didn't quite…
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, it improved. Sure it improved, it improved. But it was -- I would say this, it was -- in Q2, it was running ahead on the sales to demand I think. Sales that was kind of -- if you want to think of it this way Curtis, you can think of it this way and I would think that Q2 inventory was being pushed out a little bit. The inventories were going down because the sales off the van were a little bit more robust, not great. But they were more robust than -- and they started to spike up in June, which is why we started to talk about the Tools Group in June, we could see that, in fact, we said that on a call I think. And then in the third quarter, more or less equal, the van, the sales off van were about equal to the, you know, for government work were about equal to the sales off the van. That's how it happens. So I think just the sales to the van kind of caught up. Doesn't look like they're building inventory though in the third quarter, it just looks like they kind of stay stable.
Curtis Nagle: Okay, very good. Thanks very much and good luck with the rest of the quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Next.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: Hey, good morning everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning Gary. Most of my questions have been answered but just one in terms of -- you had a little bit of a tailwind from FX on the sales side, what kind of impact did that have on the adjusted EPS for the quarter, Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: We actually had negative $0.06 of EPS driven by currency because while the sales line benefited, there was currency transaction losses, principally driven by sales of U.S. manufactured product in Canada and the United Kingdom, but also the commercial industrial group. It has to do with flows between euro based customers versus Swedish based sources of supply. That's what drove the transaction.
Nick Pinchuk: What happens Gary is that the transaction where it's translations tend to be current, transactions tends to look back because you set the cost of product when it gets shipped and it doesn't get sold sometimes later, and that's what drives that difference, so in effect transaction kind of trails to situation.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. So you’d expect less negative impact certainly in work?
Nick Pinchuk: Right. You get bigger sales, good news and lower profit, bad news.
Gary Prestopino: Okay, great. And then just early on in the quarter here, particularly we're hearing a resurgence of this COVID and I think the UK has put in some more stringent lockdowns. Can you maybe talk about, what you're seeing early stage in Q4 with various regions of the world.
Nick Pinchuk: We don't really give guidance. But look, I can tell you my broad view is that boy, you know, if you look at the United States, I don't know. I think vehicle repair particularly won't get shocked again. You know, they're not -- in fact everywhere won't get shocked again. Whatever happens, I think our people will accommodate better than they did in the April and March area. So I think that's kind of a broader view. I think, look, I think the United States kind of continues to March, you know, nobody knows what's going to happen exactly. But I think our -- the accommodation continues in the United States in all our areas. Europe's got twin problems with economics and so on. So it's hard to see across all those geographies, what's going to happen there. Again though, I don't think they get shocked again.  So I think, you know, they manage it, but it could be slowed down or it could be accelerated. Asia Pacific, I think China of course is okay. Japan should be okay. I think, I don't know what the heck's happening in India and Southeast Asia, but they seem to be completely flat on their back in terms of their ability to deal with this situation. So, so we'll see how those -- that's how I see it playing out. And I think, you know, we see upward trend, like we said, last time. I think, I believe in the shock accommodation, psychological model, but the value of that slope upward will change depending on how conditions occur. I do think they'll report a fight against the really bad news and that's really, I'm not telling you anything we could have just as good a quarter or a better quarter next time. 
Q – Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Stember with C.L. King.
Q – Scott Stember: Good morning guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Scott, how you doing?
Q – Scott Stember: Good. Most of my questions have been answered also, but just going back to the U.K. in the tools group, I know that obviously things have been tough there for the past year, year and a half and got worse in the second quarter, but that was a pretty eye-popping improvement that we saw in tools in the U.K.. Could you just talk, is it -- was there anything else going on there? Was there new products introduced, and just trying to get a sense of the sustainability of the recovery?
Nick Pinchuk: There's a couple of things. I look, I think we believe U.K. came a long way and in fact their acceleration upward had already begun in June. It just, it just wasn't the level of us, but you could, if you go back, they were deeper in April and if you looked at the slope of the curve upwards in June, you said wait, something's going on there. And I think part of it was, is that okay, you have people suffering through the shock and they were really shocked. And you had the economics on top of it. In my own personal opinion were three things. One is they started to accommodate. Two; the virus kind of got people's minds off of Brexit, they didn't pay attention, you know, so much. So it wasn't weighing on people in terms of economics or coming out of the -- at least getting a little better than the virus they started to figure out. And three, we made changes to our network to try to make it, try to get training the new product there is every bit as robust as here. It just follows a little bit later. So we're introducing some of the diagnostics that had already been introduced here and wasn't there and other new products. So there is consistency in the new product. It wasn't different than the U.S. but I mean, we kept pounding the new product in there. I think, I think those are the three factors. Now it was up, as you say was up quite nicely. We'll see how it plays out. I don't think it will get shocked again though. 
Q – Scott Stember: Got it. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: We’ll take our last question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Yeah, good morning, everyone. Nick, congratulation – yeah, congratulations on a good quarter. I guess the question is been asked earlier about some of the spending patterns and technicians that came off that 90 day deferrals, I just wonder if we could go back to that start off with here and just the guys that qualified for that program and benefited from that program as they came off that program what kind of spending patterns did you see from them or were they pretty much removed from the market and the strength that you've achieved this quarter is off the balance of the – of the base?
Aldo Pagliari: David I think people keep spending. We don't isolate on whether you have just an easy loan. Remember they have two-thirds of business activity are with the franchisee on a revolving account type basis. And they remain generally active. I'm sure you get all kinds of examples. Some people might not buy for a while, although people keep buying each and every week. You get all kinds of patterns, but the fact is there was a deferred program and I'll take really radically changes the flow of activity, because again, we've had programs like this more regarding Q2, certainly given the unusual nature of it, but a pretty consistent. The thing you have to always remember, people ask Nick earlier on the call about stimulus. Remember everybody who has a job and I think we said, most of our customer base still hasn’t come has more discretionary money in their pocket simply because a lot of other venues to spend your money are not available whether it would be going to dinner, the movies or a sports game, so that people have more money beyond just stimulus checks coming into mail and technicians like the right tools that he's been demonstrated over the tunnel of time.
David MacGregor: One would think, though, that if somebody's coming off a 90 day furlough because they were strapped for credit that they might not be very aggressive buyers.
Aldo Pagliari: Hey, wait a minute, wait a minute. That's an assumption that's untrue.
David MacGregor: Is it?
Aldo Pagliari: They're not – they're not strapped for credit. Look here's the thing. We didn't – we didn't just give 90 day credit to the people who were strapped for credit. We offered 90 day credit as a reason to buy now. It's like a car loan. So the point is, I think the point is, is those people know who you are? You're going to buy a still tight, David? Okay, I can get a 90 day deferral or not? I might take it, right. You might take it. Its all the money that you have. You might take it.
David MacGregor: All right. Thank you for that clarification. I appreciate that. I wanted to just explore as well the divergence between kind of the growth that you've achieved in C&I and RS&I versus what you're seeing in the Tools Group. And I appreciate directionally both C&I and RS&I are moving positively versus what you printed in the second quarter. But still high single-digit declines in C&I, high single-digit declines in OEM dealership business and RS&I. It seems a little in contrast to up mid-teens in the Tools Group. And so I guess, your thoughts on that divergence? And then secondly, do we see those other businesses catch up here in the fourth quarter? Should you have that much…
Nick Pinchuk: I think this. I think we have the potential to catch up. I think – I'll tell you what, I think you can write this on a black letter law on your shorts about this. In general, in general what we see is when you have anything like this in terms of a macro, what we see is the smaller businesses, if they have – if they continue in the business, which vehicle repair has been continuing in the business, they don't think so – they're like making money, they're spending the kind of rolling. I do think the bigger the business, the more it tends to look at what's going to happen in the future? I'm not sure. They get a little bit more reticent there. They have a little bit more, I guess, forward outlook that troubles them in the day that weighs on their decision-making a day. I think this has happened through my entire time here, we've seen this as macroeconomic expectations go up and down. So, if you look at C&I, you see certain other segments particularly troubled, particularly troubled. Other segments like military and the international aviation up and you see a little bit of heavy truck a little bit better. And so you can see that. But eventually, we see them recovering. That's the difference. It's actually the industry, the environment and also the fact that the garages are smaller and therefore, closer to that cash action and the actual action, and therefore, more confident as they see it continuing. I think this is just psychological. And then if you go to RS&I, I think you're looking at a two-pronged effort. You have the independence, which tend to get a little better, but you also have the dealers who were pretty shook up at the beginning. They were rolling -- they were coming in to the virus as you probably know. With probably a negative view, hey, the SAAR is going to be down for next year, is it look good. Maybe we're going to -- so the thing is they sort of entered this with kind of a downward look, maybe even extra inventory. So, then they got through, then they start to come up. But I think those guys get a little bit more reticent and going forward in terms of investing. Remember, our C&I and RS&I tend to be more capital-based type actions, right? They're good business, but they're more capital, and you would see them being more, I guess, washes. I think they come out of it, though. I think we're loving the RS&I look this quarter, really.
David MacGregor: So, let me just ask you as well because we're top of the hour here and we'd like to wrap this up, I'm sure. But it seems like software sales may have been a stronger contributor this quarter as well. You talked about the Apollo D9, but there were some other introductions as well.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. They were -- look, software is about a third of RS&I, the Mitchell 1 Software business, which is repair shop information and running the repair shops in both cars and trucks...
David MacGregor: Within the Tools Group.
Nick Pinchuk: You're talking about the Tools Group?
David MacGregor: Yes.
Nick Pinchuk: I'm talking about RS&I. I thought -- you talk about Tools Group.
David MacGregor: I'm talking about the Tools Group here.
Nick Pinchuk: Sorry, sorry. And the Tools Group, the software business was pretty good. But I wouldn't say I wouldn't it was an extraordinary contributor, an outsized contributor. It didn't stand out really in any way to us so much in this quarter. It was okay, but not -- you wouldn't have called it a variance driver.
David MacGregor: Right. And then last question for me. If the franchisees are taking big ticket again, it sounds like your storage business good. It sounds like diagnostics was okay. We should see some pretty good originations numbers in the fourth quarter, shouldn't we? So what would be--?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, okay. Assuming itself, right--
David MacGregor: Right.
Nick Pinchuk: Right, right.
David MacGregor: You’re kind of enjoying this, I guess, is. If--
Nick Pinchuk: It seems okay. Yes, that's a reasonable assumption.
David MacGregor: Right. So if we see -- 
Aldo Pagliari: Again David, they always have a choice to make it. If you remember that Snap-On does benefit by having what I would say is the industry's leading residual values. So, when they take trade-ins, particularly in diagnostics becomes a factor, that's where the penetration rate on diagnostics for one reason is lower. There's a good chance that the finance can be handled through the RA account. If you take in, as an example, of $2,000 trading unit on a $3,000 item, you don't have to necessarily finance those. So, that's why you get a little bit of a different blend. And I think in this low interest rate environment, some franchisees feel they have the wherewithal to stretch a bit or borrow locally if they don't borrow from Snap-On Credit. And I think they have some versatility given the low interest rate environment. So that's why you don't necessarily have the same predictability as to what falls on to the easy program. Again, remember, the franchisee decides that. Snap-On doesn't decide that.
David MacGregor: No, no. But I would think at this point, franchisee would consider I got 100% risk on the RA versus 25% risk on EC and I probably better put
Nick Pinchuk: That's not necessarily true.
Aldo Pagliari: Yeah. But David, but take a step back, you can look over the long tunnel of time, our default rates and the franchisees see this. Remember, our franchisees are pretty long in there too. They have, on average, 14 years of experience. They see that the defaults while never guaranteed are pretty predictable to some extent, and through good and bad times kind of steady. So they don't rush to outboard at least, again, always on the fringes you get a little bit of everything. But they don't rush the panic and say, well, let's give us the Snap-On credit because they only have 25% exposure versus 100%. Of course, there's some that might consider that. But the great population does not.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. David, the franchisees have an internal calculus that says, I want to have a certain amount of short-term RA and a certain amount of longer term stuff. They try to maintain it in that way, so to the extent they have a, what I would call a border line event in a sale, that might push them one way or another. I believe that to be pretty true. And so the thing is, yes, it's 100%, but it's shorter term. They think the guy can pay it, they like it, they'll get it, they’ll get him liquidated and onto something else.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, that people use a metric, David, RA flips, which we don't look at it that way, but some people say, oh, RA flips if they're up, that must be bad things are coming, RA flips are actually down from the storage levels. No, again, we don't meet a lot into that, but okay. It doesn't seem like the franchisees are trying to offload credit readiness in any dramatic.
Nick Pinchuk: As I mentioned, the franchise even seem flush. I mean they're kind of pretty low in terms of on hold. So I think as a network, I think the franchisees are probably in a better place than they've been in a long time.
David MacGregor: Well, thanks for taking the questions. Congrats on the results and good luck this quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Ms. Verbsky, at this time, I'll turn the conference back to you for any additional remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-On and good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Snap-on Second Quarter 2020 Results Investor Conference Call. Please note that today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's Second Quarter Results which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in our webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, is included in our earnings release and in our conference, call slides on pages 14 through 16. Both can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Before we get going, I want to thank the members of the Snap-on team. It's clear in this turbulence that they are among the special contributors who keep society intact when our days are dark. And in that essential challenge, we're prioritizing the health, safety and well-being of our associates, franchisees, customers and communities. Working from home, and when that's not possible, and there's a number of those instances, distancing using personal protective equipment, cleaning, deep and often staggering shifts and brakes, paying quick attention to symptoms and pursuing contact tracing. We worked hard to stay safe. But throughout this time, we're also invested in - investing in a continuing stream of essential new products. We've also invested in a continuing stream of essential new products, reinforced our brand and strive to maintain our team. The people of Snap-on are a great advantage. We're working hard to preserve them in the turbulence, and we'll continue to do so. For our franchisees we're active in helping, reaching out on a regular basis to understand their needs and those of their customers. When the virus passes, we know there'll be even more opportunities. We want our associates and our franchisees at full strength to capitalize on the possibilities. We now project that the virus plays out in three phases: First, the initial shock. A substantial interruption of activity at both the franchisee and the customer level. This was evident in late March and in April; second, a combination period. As operations and individuals develop more and more ways to safely pursue their opportunities against the COVID-19 environment. In fact, we appear to be seeing that effect through May, June and onward. And of course, we've actively participated in that process, broadcasting best practices, working hard to accelerate the comeback. Finally, the third phase, psychological recovery. Following a return to normal, customers will need to regain confidence in the future before they resume full buying participation. And in that recovery, we see great opportunities. As driving is restored becomes even more popular, even more essential. This overall construct represents what we consider to be the general shape of the way forward. It does represent a continuing upward trend, but the slope of the ascension isn't clear. And of course, the psychological recovery phase will be greatly influenced by the ongoing evolution of the virus. Nobody knows the future for sure, but we are encouraged by what we've seen so far. Looking back, April was the nacre. But as the quarter progressed, we showed continual recovery. Our businesses did learn to better accommodate the pandemic. Both sales and profitability improved sequentially in May and in June. Although the virus is still with us, it appears that the situation may be evolving just as we projected. As we said at the end of April, the impact of COVID-19 varies across our operating landscape. Asia remains virus challenged. Japan, South Korea and China do appear to have weather the worst, but Southeast Asia and India are still in deep turbulence. And in Europe, the overall economic weakness present before the pandemic in combination with the virus has made for the deepest distress of all. Beyond geographic differences, we're also seeing that our face-to-face businesses, the mobile vans and the direct sales forces are faring somewhat better compared with other models. Snap-on's traditional strength, personal selling appears to be an effective foundation for limiting the difficulty. In that way, we believe we have the resilience and resources to weather this challenge as Snap-on has so many times in the past. Actually, over the years, we've seen this movie before natural disaster, Superstorm Sandy, Hurricane, Harvey and Katrina and the Great Recession of 2009 and each time we learned to accommodate and emerge stronger and we've taken the lessons of those disruptions that apply them with positive effect to this time of the virus. I love to say this. Snap-on has paid a dividend every quarter since 1939 and it's never reduced it and this quarter was no different. That record stands as evidence of our ongoing resistance to challenge. And beyond just maintaining, we believe our continuing investment in new products and our franchisees and in our team in the midst of the storm will once again make us stronger as the environment recovers. We do believe in the opportunities going forward and because of that, we're keeping our focus on Snap-on value creation, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement. That emphasis is particularly evident in customer connection and innovation. We're continuing with a stream of new products. We believe the green shoots of accommodation and psychological recovery will grow and we're going to be ready. Well, that's the overview. Now let's turn to the results. Second quarter, as reported sales were $724.3 million, down 23.9%, including $14.4 million or a 120-basis-point impact from unfavorable foreign currency and an organic sales declined 22.9%. From an earnings perspective, OpCo OI for the quarter of $91.1 million, including $5.8 million of direct costs associated with the virus, $4 million of restructuring, principally focused on Europe and $3.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $189.9 million in 2019. Optical operating margin was 12.6% and the as-adjusted level, excluding restructuring charges, was 13.1%. For financial services, operating income of $57.6 million was down from last year's 60.6%. Overall, EPS on an as-reported basis was $1.85 compared to compared to $3.22 last year. Excluding the restructuring charges the as-adjusted EPS was $1.91. Well, those are the overall numbers. Now let's turn to the groups. In C&I, volume in the second quarter of $261.9 million including $6.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency, was down versus last year's $335 million, primarily on double-digit declines in all of the segment's operations, reflecting the effect of COVID-19 operations, and the ongoing economic weakness in Europe. From an earnings perspective, C&I operating income of $22.9 million decreased $26 million, including $3 million of virus related of costs, $2 million of restructuring and $1.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects. There was a clear point of light in C&I. Our direct sales to customers in the critical industries, though still down was less effective than other areas across the group. Military and international aviation continue to register growth. And heavy truck, as you might expect was down, but was reasonably resilient while other segments such as oil and gas and education, no surprise. There were no students. Both those industries were significantly impacted by the pandemic and experienced substantial contraction. But we do remain confident in and committed to extending in the critical industries, and we do see growing opportunity there moving forward. Speaking in the future, let's talk about creating new products. Just this quarter, we introduced another one of our great 14.4 volt units. The new CTS 825 quarter inch Hex Hex Cordless screw driver. Our brushless powertrain makes for higher torque, more run time, longer motor life. The driver as a nine-position clutch giving text just a proper amount of torque for the job, all packaged with a dual range gearbox and a built-in break that prevent this power tool from throwing fasteners that's a significant safety feature. The new screw gun also features ergonomically designed cush grip handle for great tech comfort and twin lights, twin LED lights to clearly illuminate the work area. After only a couple of months, it's already essential where work is critical. It was launched in April, a tough month. But it's already one of our hit million dollar products, a significant success. C&I, navigating the turbulence of customer connection and innovation serving the essentials, now on to the Tools Group. Sales were $323.3 million in the quarter, reflecting a $79.2 million organic decline and $3.3 million of unfavorable foreign unfavorable foreign unfavorable foreign currency. The operating earnings were $38.4 million, including $1.9 million of virus-related costs, $1.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency and $600,000 of restructuring charges compared to $71.3 million recorded in 2019. The Tools Group was a clear demonstration both of the COVID trajectory across our business and of the strength and resilience of our direct face-to-face model. As the virus rose in late March and April, the network was shocked individually and collectively. The impact varied by region, but all geographies were affected. April was the deepest. However, moving from that point, our franchisees in collaboration with the Snap-on team file increasingly effective ways to accommodate the pandemic and pursue their support of the essential. And each subsequent month, the vans have shown significant gains. In fact, the Tools Group sales in June were down just 3.1%, up nicely after a tough start to the quarter. The ongoing accommodation, you hear from the field that the direct interface with our customers is dramatically highlighting the bun that Snap-on has always had with working men and women through thick and thin. And many franchisees report that the relationship forged to new and the pandemic have never been stronger. There's nothing like working together in difficulty, and we believe this bodes really well for our market position and for capturing future opportunities. So despite the virus, we're still quite positive about our business, and as a view clearly reflected outside Snap. And in fact, once again, this year, we're being recognized in the top 50 of entrepreneurs Magazine's annual best of the best franchisee -- franchises. The entrepreneur ranking rates 500 companies on cost, size, growth, franchise support, brand power, financial strength and organizational stability. And we again scored highest in the Tool Distribution category. That's a distinction we've held for quite some time. As we move forward, our associates and franchisees are clearly becoming more effective against the win, it’s a continuing process born out of the Snap-on team working and developing action plans, sharing best practices for safe selling, supporting with tailored promotions and launching targeted promotions. This is a process that's been successful in hurricanes, recessions and the threats of 9/11, and it's working again. And of course, the effort includes also a healthy array of innovative new products to solve the critical. Everybody knows we have great ratchets. And guided by uninterrupted customer connection, we've been expanding that powerful line-up. Almost every quarter, and we did it again when we introduced the XFR704 12-point Flank Drive Double Flex Ratcheting Box Wrench Set. Now that's a mouthful. But this unit has a lot to offer. It combines 180-degree flexible head with our narrow width and low-height design, allowing work in the tightest of spaces. Our patented ratcheting gear utilizes Dual 80 technology, minimizing swing arc and making jobs in restricted areas even easier. And our unique Yoke/tang configuration provides the strongest and most durable flex head anywhere. The new four-piece set is built in our Elizabethton, Tennessee plant right here in USA. I was just there again, and I can testify. The Snap-on people in that plant are a special team turning out great product, and even in the current environment that technicians have noticed, driving the Flex to 704 on its way to be another $1 million product. Well, that's the Tools Group, accommodating the pandemic, furthering innovation and strengthening for the future. Now let's speak of RS&I. The RS&I group finished the quarter with $245 million in sales, including $4.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency, $2.3 million from recent acquisitions and that level compared to $348.9 million recorded last year. The lower volumes reflected a decline of over 30% and the activity associated with vehicle OEM projects and in the capital like spending relating to our undercar equipment operations, both areas that were deeply attenuated with the uncertainty. Sales of diagnostics and repair information products, independent shops were also negatively impacted, but to a lesser degree, garages continue to subscribe. And invest in meeting new repair challenges, people's need fixing even in a pandemic. RS&I operating earnings of $50.6 million decreased $38 million, including $1.4 million of European focused restructuring, $800,000 of unfavorable foreign currency and $700,000 of direct COVID costs. So while the overall group was impacted, information-based operations were not as effective and new products were a driver in that. Once again, we generated repair excitement with innovations like the latest enhancements to our Mitchell One prodemand repair information system, which in response to the needs of large national account customers now includes a range of vehicle lift points in its quick reference menu. The new pro menu links directly to vivid vehicle illustrations, which identify designated listing points as well as listing all the important manufacturer recommended safety procedures. You see technicians are in a hurry, sometimes fail to follow the correct lift procedures. Injuries and vehicle damage can follow. But those who have our pro demand system can now find the critical lift information only one click away from the home screen. It's a significant convenience and a clear safety enhancement. Also in the quarter, we launched our e-Technician 2.0 designed specifically for heavy-duty trucks. It's the most comprehensive and powerful diagnostic software in the market. It provides the data and the support required to stay competitive in today's trucking industries. Heavy-duty diagnosis were never this good. The e-technician 2.0 combines extensive coverage from everything from commercial vehicles to write-down to light and medium heavy-duty trucks, diagnostic capability for an expanded array of engines, transmissions, brakes, body and chassis systems and more. The new 2.0 also adds a cloud-based, fleet-wide vehicle history, giving users access to every diagnostic session for every vehicle in their fleet, regardless of location. Snap-on continues to show the way in truck repair and e-technician 2.0 is another step along that path. We're confident in the strength of our RS&I group. And we keep driving to expand its position with repair shop owners and managers, making work easier with great new products even in the days of the virus. Well, that's the second quarter, the Snap-on second quarter. Shack, moving to accommodation into what we believe will be psychological recovery, keeping our teams safe as we pursue the essential, applying the lessons of our experience, helping our customers, our franchisees and our team, whether the difficult days. And build the capability, whether those days and build the capability to operate in the virus environment, driving month-by-month improvement, engaging the power of our direct selling capabilities, being confident in our future opportunities now amplified by the virus, pursuing Snap-on value creation, all to not only weather the turbulence, but to emerge stronger and ready to take full advantage when the days are clear. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo for a detailed discussion of the financials.
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on slide six. Net sales of $724.3 million in the quarter compared to $951.3 million last year, reflecting a 22.9% organic sales decline, $14.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation and $2.3 million of acquisition-related sales. The organic sales decrease primarily reflected the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, with sales declines in all three operating segments. In the quarter, while there was some variability from location to location, the declines in Europe were more pronounced. As anticipated, with government measures in place throughout the world, sales in the month of April were heavily impacted and were down significantly on a year-over-year basis. As locations began to reopen and as our operations and those of our franchisees adjusted to the virus environment, which included accommodations for various government-imposed restrictions, we began to see sequential improvements in activity as we move through May and June. Similar to last quarter, we accrued for restructuring costs associated with certain of our European-based operations. During the second quarter, we recorded $4 million of such cost which were reflected in each of our operating segments. Additionally in the quarter, we've identified $5.8 million of direct costs associated with COVID 19. These costs include direct labor and under-absorption associated with temporary factory closures, wages for quarantine associates, event cancellation fees as well as other costs to accommodate the current enhanced health and safety environment. Consolidated gross margin of 47.1% compared to 49.8% last year. The 270 basis point decrease primarily reflects the impact of the lower volumes, including costs to maintain manufacturing capacity and worker skill sets, 40 basis points of direct cost associated with COVID-19 and 30 basis points of restructuring costs. The decreases were partially offset by savings from RCI initiatives. The operating expense margin of 34.5% increased 470 basis points from 29.8% last year. This increase primarily reflects the impact of lower sales as well as 40 basis points of direct COVID-19 related costs and 20 basis points from restructuring actions. These items were partially offset by savings from cost containment actions in response to the lower volume. Operating earnings before financial services of $91.1 million, including $5.8 million of direct costs associated with COVID-19, $4 million of restructuring costs and $3.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $189.9 million in 2019. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 12.6% compared to 20% last year. Excluding the restructuring charges, operating earnings before financial services of $95.1 million or 13.1% of sales, decreased 49.9% from 2019 levels. Financial services revenue of $84.6 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared to $84.1 million last year, while operating earnings of $57. 6 million compared to $60.6 million in 2019, primarily reflecting a $3 million increase in provisions for credit losses. Consolidated operating earnings of $148.7 million, including $5.8 million of direct COVID related costs, $4 million of restructuring charges and $4.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $250.5 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 18.4% compares to 24.2% last year. On an adjusted basis, excluding restructuring, operating earnings of $152.7 million or 18.9% of revenues decreased 39% from 2019 levels. Our second quarter effective income tax rate of 24.1%, including a 20 basis point increase from the restructuring charges compared to 23.6% for the second quarter of last year. Finally, net earnings of $101.2 million or $1.85 per share, including a $0.06 charge for restructuring compared to $180.4 million or $3.22 per share a year ago. Excluding the restructuring charges, net earnings as adjusted were $104.5 million or $1.91 per share. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the C&I group on slide seven. Sales of $261.9 million compared to $335 million last year, reflecting a 20.22% organic sales decline and a $6.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic decrease includes mid-teen declines in both sales to customers in critical industries and in the power tools operation. Across the critical industries, gains in sales to various government-related agencies were more than offset by declines in natural resources, including oil and gas, as well as the lower technical education sales with the latter being impacted by school and campus closures. Gross margin of 34.4% decreased 420 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to the impact of decreased sales, including lower utilization of manufacturing capacity, as well as 80 basis points from $2 million of restructuring charges, 70 basis points of direct costs associated with COVID-19 and 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. These decreases were partially offset by material cost savings and benefits from the company's RCI initiatives. The operating expense margin of 25.7% increased 170 basis points from 24% last year, primarily due to the lower sales and 50 basis points of direct COVID-19 related costs. These items were partially offset by savings from cost containment efforts. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $22.9 million, including $3 million of direct COVID-19 related cost, $2 million of restructuring charges and $1.9 million of unfavorable foreign currencies effects compared to $48.9 million last year. The operating margin of 8.7%, including the 80 basis point charge for restructuring compared to 14.6% a year ago. Turning now to slide eight. Sales in the Snap-on Tools group of $323.3 million compared to $405.8 million in 2019, reflecting a 19.7% organic sales decline and $3.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales decrease reflects a mid-teen decline in our US franchise operations and a nearly 40% decline in the segment's international operations. As Nick mentioned, sales in our direct customer-facing businesses like the Snap-on Tools had the most dramatic year-over-year decreases in April, with notable sequential improvements in activity in May and June. Gross margin of 41.7% declined 340 basis points, primarily due to the impact of lower sales volumes, including cost to maintain manufacturing capacity as well as 30 basis points of direct costs associated with COVID-19, and there were 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. The operating expense margin of 29.8% increased from 27.5% last year, primarily due to the impact of the lower sales, 30 basis points of direct COVID-19 related costs and 20 basis points from $600,000 of restructuring charges. These costs were partially offset by savings from cost containment actions. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools group of $38.4 million, including $1.9 million of direct COVID-19 related costs, $1.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects and $600,000 of restructuring charges compared to $71.3 million last year. The operating margin of 11.9% compared to 17.6% a year ago. Turning to the RS&I group shown on slide nine. Sales of $245 million compared to $348.9 million a year ago, reflecting a 29.5% organic sales decline and $4.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by $2.3 million of acquisition-related sales. The organic sales decline includes a mid-teens decrease in sales of diagnostic and information products to independent repair shop owners and managers as well as declines of over 30% in both sales of undercar equipment and sales to OEM dealerships. The lower sales of undercar equipment includes significantly lower sales of collision repair products, while lower sales to OEM dealerships largely reflect decreases in OEM facilitation projects. Gross margin of 47.4% improved 110 basis points from 46.3% last year primarily due to the impact of reduced sales and lower gross margin businesses and savings from RCI activities. The operating expense margin of 26.7% increased from 20.9% last year, primarily due to the lower sales and 50 basis points from $1.4 million of restructuring charges partially offset by savings from RCI and other cost containment actions. Operating earnings for the RS& I group of $50.6 million, including $1.4 million of restructuring charges, $700,000 of direct COVID-19 related costs and $800,000 of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $88.6 million last year. The operating margin of 20.7% compared to 25.4% a year ago. Now turning to slide 10. Revenue from financial services of $84.6 million compared to $84.1 million last year. Financial services operating earnings of $57.6 million compared to $60.6 million in 2019. Financial services expenses of $27 million increased $3.5 million from last year's levels, primarily due to $3 million of higher provisions for credit losses as compared to 2019. The second quarter of 2019 included lower provisions as a result of non-recurring favorable loss experience at that time. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 1.3% and 1.1% in the second quarters of 2020 and 2019 respectively. The average yield on finance receivables was 17.6% in the second quarters of both 2020 and 2019. The respective average yield on contract receivables was 8.2% and 9.1%. The lower yield on contract receivables in the second quarter of 2020 primarily reflects the impact of approximately $20 million of lower interest business operation support loans for our franchisees. These loans were offered during the second quarter to help accommodate franchisee operations and dealing with the COVID-19 environment. Total loan originations of $255.8 million decreased $7.6 million or 2. 9% and included an 8.5% decrease in originations of finance receivables. This decline in finance receivables was partially offset by a 26.1% increase in originations of contract receivables resulting from the business operations support loans offered to franchisees mentioned earlier. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter-end balance sheet includes approximately $2.2 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.9 billion from our U.S. operation. Our worldwide gross financial services portfolio increased $54.3 million in the second quarter. Collections of finance receivables in the quarter of $166.8 million compared to collections of $191.6 million during the second quarter of 2019. This year's quarter reflected the greater use of deferred payment plan sales programs and short-term payment relief or forbearance to some of our franchisees qualifying customers. Similar to the trends elsewhere in our business, we saw the greatest number of requests for payment relief on extended credit or finance receivables in April. This lessened in May, and as of the end of June, forbearance was granted for approximately 2.5% of the portfolio. Historically, those accounts having forbearance terms are below 1% of the finance receivable portfolio. Trailing 12-month net losses on extended credit or finance receivables of $50.4 million represented 2.93% of outstandings at quarter end, down six basis points sequentially. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1% for U.S. extended credit is down 40 basis points from a year ago. This improvement primarily reflects the aforementioned programs, which took place during the quarter as well as the effective credit and collection practices executed by Snap-on and our franchisees throughout this period. Total charge-offs within the quarter totaled $15.1 million as compared to $14.9 million during the second quarter of 2019. Now, turning to slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $253.6 million in the quarter increased $108.1 million from comparable 2019 levels, primarily reflecting net changes in operating assets and liabilities, including $61.5 million in lower tax payments, $75.7 million in decreases in working investment, partially offset by lower net earnings. Net cash used by investing activities of $45.6 million included net additions to finance receivables of $35 million and capital expenditures of $11.8 million. In the quarter, our total free cash flow or cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures in the net change in finance receivables was $206.8 million. This reflected an improvement of $118.3 million from last year and represented 195% of net earnings. Net cash provided by financing activities of $289.5 million included the proceeds from the April sale of $500 million of 30-year senior notes, partially offset by $148.1 million of repayments of notes payable and other short-term borrowings and cash dividends of $58.7 million. While there were no repurchases of common stock under our existing share repurchase programs during the quarter. As of quarter end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $334.4 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivables decreased $131.1 million from 2019 year-end. Days sales outstanding of 59 days compared to 67 days at 2019 year-end. This reflected a reduction in days outstanding across all of our operating segments. Inventories increased $23.6 million from 2019 year-end, primarily to support the critical industries. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.3 compared to 2.6 at year-end 2019. Our quarter end cash position of $686.2 million compared to $184.5 million at year-end 2019. Our net debt to capital ratio of 17.9% compared to 22.1% at year-end 2019. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million in available credit facilities. As of quarter end, there were no outstanding amounts under the credit facility, and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. Despite the uncertainty in the current environment, we believe we have sufficient available cash and access to both committed and uncommitted credit facilities to cover expected funding needs in both the near-term and a long-term basis. That concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few updated outlook items. Given the improving trends experienced in the second quarter in the near-term, we believe there will be continued sequential improvements reflecting increasing levels of accommodations to the virus-related environment. However, we cannot provide assurance on the rate of progress due to the uncertain and evolving nature and duration of the pandemic. We anticipate that capital expenditures will be in a range of $75 million to $85 million as compared to our prior estimate of $70 million to $80 million. Additionally, we continue to anticipate that our full year 2020 effective income tax rate will be in a range of 23% to 25%. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. The Snap-on second quarter, sales were down. Of course, we don't like it. But - the OpCo margin was 12.6%, 13.1% as adjusted, approaching the mid-teen level that we long-held as an aspirational target. EPS of $1.91 as adjusted, also down but still higher than any quarter before the end of 2014. The numbers are decreased, but we believe they demonstrated significant resilience and perhaps the greatest withering of our time. You see we have seen this movie before. That -- and that experience helped guide us through the depth of the shock and on to the continuing positive trajectory of accommodation. April is dark. But the rise from that point was of evident across the corporation from operation to operation. The tools group demonstrating the value of our direct model with sales in June reaching within 3.1% of last year's level. The future is not known. What we believe our learning and accommodation assures that we won't get shocked again and any future impact will be attenuated. And looking at the way the virus has affected everyday life, we believe abundant opportunities emerging for Snap - are emerging for Snap-on in the recovery. It appears that vehicles are going to be even more important. You can see already in China and in the U.S. Northeast, and that's music to our ears. And we are preparing launching new products, enhancing our brand, reinforcing our franchise network and maintaining the capabilities of our team. Now all of this represents a cost in the turbulence, but it ensures that we'll be fully enabled and stronger when the opportunities arise. And we believe what we're doing in these days of the virus will position Snap-on for continuing growth, increasing profitability and ongoing prosperity for years to come. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I once again -- I'll once again speak to our Franchisees & Associates. It has never been clearer that all of you are extraordinary people, playing a very special role in our world. For your ongoing success in surviving the shock and accommodating the turbulence, you have my congratulations for your significant contributions in maintaining our society, you have my admiration. And for your unfailing belief in the future of our enterprise, you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Certainly. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Scott Stember with C.L. King.
Scott Stember: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Stember: Nick, you gave a lot of good color on what's happening at recovery within the businesses. It seems like the Tools Group is probably experiencing the greatest recovery. Maybe talk about RS&I and C&I, how the cadence of sales recovery and how we could expect the quarter coming up.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. Well, look, of course, we don't give guidance, but I'll tell you that's generally, of course, - what I say is never true everywhere in Snap-on, of course. But generally, we're seeing a combination across the vast majority of our operations, April, May, June, there was a progression of improvement through those periods. So don't get me wrong, the fact that I called out the Tools group, because they had done particularly well. There was a combination across every one of those groups. So, that's particularly in industrial, where - I called out the direct selling. They had some nice progression through that period in their direct selling activity. If you step back to -- and I think you would say across C&I, in general, you're seeing that. In RS&I, the sales were down, what were they down? Like 29.8% as reported, 29.5% or 29.4% as adjusted. But generally, you see a couple of pieces. One, the vehicle OEM projects are quite lumpy, and we see that in this period, and it's very hard to project that future and the equipment business, which generally is selling - after all selling to kind of a bifurcated situation they're selling to small businesses, which need psychological recovery to have the confidence to invest in the capital-light projects, which are our equipment. Now, the other piece of what I've just talked about is, there's a big dollop associated with the OEM and really that comes psychological view of the dealerships. Do they think the fact that maybe they're going to sell new cars - less new cars this year means they should pull in their horns, or as in other times, should they start investing, because they had need to depend more and more on used car and repair and parts flow? If it's the latter, there should be an uptick in those businesses.
Scott Stember: Got it. And moving over to the financial services side, your originations were really not down all that much. But I guess that was explained by loans to the franchisees. Maybe just talk about the health of the franchisees and what you're seeing at the repair shop level.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Look, I was just out with some franchisees last week, and they seem pretty strong. I mean, and I talked to a lot of them on the phone these days since I can't travel as much as I used to around the country. And they seem all quite positive. I would say that the originations - one of the things I will tell you that I think speaks volumes is we talked about the recovery, the accommodation of the Tools Group as shown in the 3.1%. Well, I'll tell you that in the quarters through this period, the sales off the van could be viewed as our work better than our sales to the bands. So fundamentally, what you see a little bit in that origination situation is some of our franchisees selling out of their inventory, big-ticket items, particularly tool storage, which they tend to happen in and inventory to try to accommodate the taste of the technicians. And therefore, you see that, but we see it as a great thing. Because fundamentally, the sales off the van are outpacing. The sales of the Tools Group showed a combination.
Scott Stember: So that being said, the sale in June, if you were down only modestly sell in, are you saying you were off the van in June?
Nick Pinchuk: I didn't say anything. I said it was better than the 3.1. That's what I said. I said it was better than the -- I think -- and I said significantly better. But that's what I'm willing to say in this situation. It clearly is what leads to the originations.
Scott Stember: Got it. Good enough. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: And now we'll take a question from Gary Prestopino of Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: Hey, Good morning everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi, Gary.
Gary Prestopino: A couple of questions here, Nick. First of all, you -- well, first of all, are all your markets now open, especially on the van side, I mean, are you able to sell in the Northeast some of these areas…
Nick Pinchuk: Oh, yes. Everything is open. It was -- there's a lot less variation now in terms of opening. When the virus hits, the shock hit, there was variations between regions. So the Northeast, you have a lot of people with attenuated activity, not as much say Southwest, as we’re talking about the swap between, not as much, but still attenuation. Now they've kind of come together. Canada, I don't know if I talked on the call, but Canada was like the basket case for a while. People were really shocked and U.K. was shocked and all of those businesses have -- all of those areas have started to come together. There is some arithmetic difference between them, but not enough to shake a stick at, I think, in this situation. So the guys are coming back. Now that's happened through the quarter at varying levels, part of the accommodation process.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then you keep mentioning or you mentioned opportunities for your company, given this COVID-19 situation. I mean, are those opportunities really stemming from the fact that cars are getting older and that also thought process or the thematic thought process is that more individuals are going to want to own cars rather than taking public transportation. Are there other areas where you're looking on to capitalize that you didn't really talk about?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think those are the two big things, I'm talking about. But I think as -- I think a couple of things. I think -- I would say three things. One, of course, cars are getting older. They've gotten older every year. And the fact that it's a lower SAAR this year, probably cars will accelerate in terms of getting older, we think. And so that's one thing and that does keep driving. Cars keep changing and so the virus is kind of frozen people in. And so we expect to see a few slot of new technologies closed now, and then that drives our situation. Secondly, I think you and I don't want to get on the L to go down in Chicago. I don't think people are going to want to jump on a subway so much anymore and -- or at least depend on that. And so what we see in China, and we start to see that in the Northeast has increased driving, because people don't want to depend on collective transportation, because they know that things can go wrong in the situation. On top of which, if you read commercial real estate and cities are going down and I think residential real estate, I think people are moving out for the suburbs, and that means more driving. And finally, we think that this kind of pause gives more time for new technologies like advanced driver assistance systems, which change a lot of things and play right into our more complicated product and maybe even more electric vehicles, which changes the car park and helps us sell more tools. We have a kit that we've especially made, 53 tools just for electric vehicles. So when they roll out, we'll be ready to roll with them.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then my last question, if you want to answer this. I'm just trying to get an idea. I mean, you said that sequentially, there was an improvement in sales throughout the quarter. Are you still seeing – did you still see a sequential improvement at the early part of Q3. I realize the seasonality there.
Nick Pinchuk: We don't give guidance. And look, Q3 is a squarely quarter. However, so therefore, you've got vacations in Europe. You got the SFC, you got a lot of things floating through there. However, I did say, May, June onwards, that's about what I'm willing to say.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. That’s fine. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: And next, we have Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Nick, just to press on your willingness tolerance there a little bit more. Was the May-June onward dynamic for RS&I and C&I material or negligible?
Nick Pinchuk: Material. I mean it's – but look, I don't want to get overheated on these kinds of things. Everybody – I said already that nobody knows how the future is going to go. But what I did say is we are stronger against this kind of disruption by virtue of the accommodation, and we don't believe we will get shocked again. So if the world rises, maybe we bow it a little bit more. I – we expect – we're saying we saw that onward motion, And I think implicit, and accommodation is we get better and better at dealing with the environment. The shape of the curve is unclear. And I've already said the third quarter is. But we – like I said also, I like what I see.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then you've had some restructuring. You may have some temporary cost actions going away. Is there a way to think about sequential leverage on whatever uptick we choose to model?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, we have had restructuring because it was in – it's mostly focused on Europe. I think six-tenth of this times $4 million is kind of in North America and the two, or not necessarily. It's kind of European focused, we'd say, mostly in general. We'd say that because while we saw – we've been watching Europe evolved for a while and seeing the weakness of the economics. So we've been prepared for this and raising through RCI or capacity. So we can deal with higher volumes with less in Europe. That's why we have this restructuring. I would say this only. There's a lot, I think, implicit, and we saying we are investing in products, enhancing our brand and maintaining our team. That means we're holding the people because we actually believe that our people are capable. And I don't know about other people, but we think these people are hard to duplicate. So we're holding on to them for dear life.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And last one for me. On SFC, I'm wondering if it's – some of the charge-offs were relatively light in the quarter, considering all that's going on. You talked about some consolidations. Are there any implications for the back half, did some of the mechanical calc of provisioning kind of get deferred in this dynamic? Or is it kind of a more continuity?
Nick Pinchuk: Look…
Christopher Glynn: Yes, just wanted to know about the financial performance to...
Nick Pinchuk: I'll just say this, Chris. I feel better now than I did in the prior call in April. I feel better now. And I'll let Aldo comment.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes. Chris, I'd just say that just to refresh everyone's memory, Q2 typically does see seasonal improvement as you progress from Q1. It's a period of time when people get their tax refunds, and obviously, we probably got a little bit of a bump up with stimulus checks coming in. But a reminder, not everybody got their tax refund yet because if you didn't submit your tax return electronically, you're still probably have it being reviewed the IRS. So there might be some tailwind that still occurs in Q3 from tax refunds. Having said that, the deferred payment programs forbearance they help a bit with the calculation, so if you look at the progress from Q1 to Q2, normally, we expect a 10 to 20 basis point sequential improvement. This time, we saw 70 and year-over-year, it was better by 40. I'd say, if you look year-over-year, there's probably 20, 30 basis points associated with the fact that you have deferred programs. So by definition customers on deferral couldn't be delinquent. So that will go away a bit. So I think you'll get more traditional levels. But geez, it looks a lot like a natural disaster from our history in the rearview mirror so far. So we'll see how the remainder plays out. It's still a pretty volatile environment. But like I said, we're pleased with the charge-offs in the quarter.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks.
Operator: And now we'll go to David MacGregor of Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning everybody.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi, David.
David MacGregor: Good morning. I wondered just for the sake of clarity rather than trying to fumble through a bunch of numbers, but just for the sake of clarity, can you just say what the originations would have been excluding the loans to the franchisees?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, the contract receivables were up 26% in the quarter. So that's clearly broken out, if at contract receivables. So as Nick has mentioned, EEC was down 8.5%, David.
David MacGregor: Right. All right. Maybe I'll take that up with the off line. I just want to make sure we're getting to an accurate number here. And then can you quantify the extent of the return from…
Aldo Pagliari: To make it easy, the loans to the franchisees has nothing to do with EC. It has nothing to do with EC at all. So the EC originations…
David MacGregor: I understand that. I I'll take it up with the off line, if that's okay. Returns, I wonder if you could quantify the extent of the returns in the quarter and the extent, I know they're treated as a contra revenue account. So the extent to which they were a headwind for Tools Group organic growth?
Aldo Pagliari: I don't think there was anything notable in the quarter in that regard. I mean, I - from our perspective, it was just a regular quarter in terms of the returns, which we tend to look at. So I mean, I think that our guys didn't necessarily flush a lot back into the system more than they do in any regular quarter, there's some back and forth. But that didn't affect things in this situation.
Nick Pinchuk: Our franchisees, we think, are in pretty good shape.
David MacGregor: Well, I guess that was my next question is just, I mean...
Aldo Pagliari: No, I think the thing is some people might think franchisees are on hold or things like that, but that's not -- it's not really -- actually, there's a record for this all-time loan.
David MacGregor: And could you clarify that for me, the record, what's the…
Aldo Pagliari: Yes, it was the number of franchisees that are not paying, that are direct, they get to be on hold. For the record there...
David MacGregor: In that combination…
Nick Pinchuk: Parents came way down at the end of the quarter.
David MacGregor: Okay. And then, I guess, overall, I wanted to ask about franchisee creditworthiness because this whole slowdown in mid-April came right after the regional kickoffs when you guys would have had a really high level of inventory, which makes it a little surprising to hear that you didn't see any kind of inflection in returns. But that being the case, how do you feel about credit worthiness overall right now?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I – we think – actually, we think they're in pretty good shape. I mean, the sales off the van are, I think when you look at them from a year-over-year point of view and you look at them for this situation, they describe what I talked about in terms of shock accommodation. And as I said, they are pacing ahead of the Tools Group. So that's a pretty positive from a quantitative point of view. From a qualitative point of view when you talk to a broad group of them, you get – you kind of get some very positive feedback in terms of, of course, I'm the CEO. So maybe I do get feedback. But you hear experiences and when I'm in the garages, the garages seem to be working. Yeah, technicians dipped in the shock, but they came sort of pretty back, pretty quickly and the garages are humming, every garage I was at, the parking lot from garage was marked.
David MacGregor: Do you think there's going to be any need for any route consolidation?
Nick Pinchuk: No, I don't think so. But you look at everything, David, but I don't think so. I don’t think so.
David MacGregor: Last question for me is just on the operating expenses. You had a little bit of a pullback here, a reaction. So I guess, congratulations on that. But I'm guessing a large measure of that may have been associated with the volume reductions. So I guess the question is, if we end up with W-shape recovery rather than the V shape that you seem to be assuming, what's the opportunity to take more out of the SG&A and the operating expense line going forward?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, I think first of all – first of all, I don't know what you call travel volume-related or not. I mean, I'm not sure it's so volume related, but you can travel and a lot of different things. And in other words, you have some reductions in this interim while you keep – while you do things, for example, you're not renting a hall or putting on a meal when you bring, you're not people together on a zoom situation. Now it's maybe not as effective, but the thing is you do work on that. So it's not all volume related. And I think I’ve already said though, that we’re determined to maintain our franchisees, maintain our brand, invest in new product and keep our team intact and I would suggest that we see that going forward because we believe we have great opportunities going forward. So my principal view – my principle approach to this is – our principal approach is to weather the storm, and I think we're doing that pretty good, given the levels of where we are and you look at the cash flows, I mean, the absolute numbers of the returns and then come out stronger because we're pretty sure we're going to have big opportunities. So if it's not an upward slope -- if it's not an upward slope, if it dips down some, we won't get shocked again. We'll get over it. It will come out stronger.
David MacGregor: Just one last quick one, if I could. You mentioned that record low credit holds for franchisees. Is that due to an increase in franchisee attrition?
Nick Pinchuk: No, no.
Operator: And we'll go on to our next question…
Nick Pinchuk: We talk of percentage…
Operator: And next question will come from Bret Jordan of Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi, Bret.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: A question on inventory, I guess. You commented that turns were down to 2.3 times to support critical industries. And I guess the longer-term trend has gone from north of 4% to north of 2%. Is there something structurally different in the working capital model? Or what you're committing to for the critical industry customers as far as holding inventory? And I guess, can you give us sort of an idea what kind of product profile this is that's building in the inventory?
Aldo Pagliari: Yes, Bret. Aldo. Certainly, we are continuously adding products that cater to the critical industry. There is unique requirements. Sometimes they're lower volumes, so it doesn't have the same level of addition as when a new product introduced to the Tools Group. But if you want to be a serious player in oil and gas and natural resources and aviation, there are certainly unique products that do not sell into the mechanic space that you have to have there. So we've been doing that as well. In addition, there's a lot of projects that we call kitting activity and that array in kitting activity, as an example, you might have 100 different items in the kit. As you stage it as you prepare for it, it requires higher levels of inventory as you prep and wait for other incoming items because not everything comes from a Snap-on facility. Oftentimes, the military or an aviation customer might like certain things that do not come from Snap-on, and they want that kitted in a rate with a tool storage cabinet that we might prepare for them, and we have a variety of different products that do that. And therefore, accommodating those requests forced us to expand both floor space and inventory when it comes to these things and we like that business.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Is there sort of a target turns number, I guess, ex-COVID, where the sales obviously evaporated, but is there a ballpark we should be shooting for as far as that number?
Aldo Pagliari: We think it could be better. We don't have an exact target that I'm going to delineate here today, but we think it could be better. I mean, obviously, the current situation puts a depressant on turnover tactics. But we've been getting a pretty good return on our inventory and in a low interest rate environment, we're more than willing to make investments in inventory, if we truly believe it will generate incremental sales.
Nick Pinchuk: We don't see inventory necessarily as an independent variable, but we like to see a return on it. If we get a return on it, we're happy.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then one question, I guess, the franchise event that usually is held in August, I assume, is probably not as a live. Are you going to do anything sort of virtually? Or would there any be sales promotion to offset what would have been the get together?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, we have an event. We're going to call live from the forge -- from the our IdeaForge here in Kenosha. And so we're going to go through a virtual event, trying to create the selling opportunity the ability to see new products and different -- in different forms like franchisees would get when they journey to places like Florida and went through the football field, so we'll have that. And so we won't have it in August, we'll have it coming up. We will happen in August, probably at the same time. But it's kind of geared at giving the franchisees a similar opportunity from a new product point of view. From a product ordering point of view, unfortunately, we won't be able to get as much of the training or the, I guess, the cultural bonding that occurs at the other franchisees. But we're going to have event that replaces it.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay.
Operator: And now we'll go to Ivan Feinseth of Tigress Financial Partners.
Ivan Feinseth: All right. Thank you for taking my questions. How are you guys doing?
Nick Pinchuk: Safe.
Ivan Feinseth: The average age of the vehicles on the road have now touched to a record high of almost 12 years. Do you track that to see -- I mean, when vehicles age? Are you selling more tools or when new car sales are increasing, which would be down the average age?
Nick Pinchuk: We don't have a direct relationship to new car sales. It's the aging of the vehicles, and it's the changing of the vehicles that drives our requirements. We can be indirectly affected by a downturn. And what are they going to sell? $12 million this year, $11.5 million, which is a downturn. And the psychological impact on dealerships and the OEMs themselves can ripple through some of that project business or some of the willingness of the dealerships to embark on capital projects. But it isn't a direct relationship, where aging of the vehicles and the new technologies in the vehicles, our direct relationships, requiring technicians to deal with either more volume or newer types of systems where they have to have different tools.
Ivan Feinseth: And then one of the amazing things in the pandemic is that the CEO from Polaris said earlier in the week that they are experiencing unprecedented demand for off-road vehicles and motorcycles. I mean this has, shockingly, I guess, created -- sales are on fire for all kinds of like wave runners and ATVs and side-by-side and even motorcycles, and even though Harley had a tough quarter, I think they're going to turn and they'll see strength as well. How do you or franchisees penetrate the mechanics in that area? Also, in a number of those places, they have a shortage of mechanics.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. I think there's been a shortage of mechanics in a lot of places for a long time. I think the deal is that they're graduating 77,000 a year from technical schools, and they need $105,000 a year by retirement. So there has been a shortage, and so we have to -- it's been for some time. So you try to get that. Our people are in – our franchisees are in some of those places. But these are the advantages we think we – the opportunities we think we have. We say there's 1.3 million technicians in the United States and we only call on 850,000 of them. And some of those are the places like the off-road vehicles, where we may not get to. And so we have an opportunity. We think coming out of this, we've got tremendous opportunities, particularly if you're saying that people turn to, instead of going to -- instead of maybe taking more collective transportation, turn to RVs and other things. We think this is good for us, and the fact that we're confident.
Ivan Feinseth: RV sales are on fire, ATV sales are on fire, everybody -- all kinds of personal transportation. Used car sales have been on fire. New car sales, the factories were shut down for a while because of the pandemic, but I'm sure that, that will pick up. So yes, I think people who are going to move away from cities, if they work at home then they don't have to be near cities, they can be anywhere, and then I think that will drive the need for personal transportation, cars, boats, ATVS, recreational type of stuff. So is there going to be a focus on developing specific tools for those types of vehicles? And then one last question, you have…
Nick Pinchuk: That's right.
Ivan Feinseth: 53 specific tools for EVs. Can you give us some idea of what specific EV tool would be?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, a lot of them would be -- a great category would be, we call them insulating tools. You poke yourself -- you poke around underneath an electric car, you level up fry yourself. So we have -- these are tools, which specifically create insulation between the point of contact and the user. And so we have an array of those, which we think will be very efficacious in this situation. And so I think they're going to be used. And then we have other tools as well that deal with the specific mechanism under an electric vehicle car -- an electric vehicle. But we think -- you point out, you just point there's all these opportunities for us. Change is our friend, and we think change is coming in this situation.
Ivan Feinseth: I love it. Thanks again. Stay well.
Nick Pinchuk: Good to hear from you.
Ivan Feinseth: Good to talk with you. You too.
Nick Pinchuk: Take care.
Operator: And now that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn things back to Sara Verbsky for any additional or closing comments.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. We'd like to thank you again for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Snap-on First Quarter 2020 Results Investor Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Abby, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's fourth quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website, along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections, are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, is included in our earnings release and in our conference call slides on Pages 14 through 16. Both can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. Well, as some say, these are interesting times. There's considerable turbulence in business and all across the everyday landscape. But I believe we can be confident that Snap-on will navigate through it all and come out stronger than when it all started, just as we have done in the past. Before we get going, I think it's appropriate for all of you listening in, the investors, associates, franchisees, customers, retirees and analysts. You have our best wishes that you and your families weather these times safely and without harm.  Now, let's speak of Snap-on. Firstly, we're keeping our team safe. Snap-on people are working from home and where that's not possible and there are a number of these instances we're proceeding using government prescribed guide lines in the United States those put forward by the Centre for Disease Control the CDC, physical distancing, the use of personal protection equipment, cleaning of facilities deep and often, staggered shifts and break, and quick attention to those who have symptoms.  For our franchisees, we're active in helping, providing a playbook for staying safe. The people of the Snap-on team are a great advantage, working hard to preserve them and as we move through this difficulty. Having said that, it's clear our operations are essential. Snap-on plays an important role in the underpinning of our society supporting vital activities, like the military, transportation infrastructure, our critical vehicle repair, the areas we all depend on for emergency services, for food delivery, for distribution of medical supplies, and for a variety of essential needs. Government bodies, including the US Department of Homeland Security and multiple states have deemed it so.  And there have been clear examples that critical role from the United States to Italy, to the UK. And as such, our factories and distribution centers have pretty much remained active doing their part, keeping the world going. Consistent with that, our sourcing teams have been able to maintain our supply chain supporting both our factories and our kitting centers. Overwhelmingly, our sourcing partners have recognized the criticality of our needs, and have remained active to provide support. Now in this arena, particularly in the US, we do have an advantage because we make in the markets where we sell. Our supply chain is fine.  As you might expect, the impact of the virus varies across our operating landscape. Asia in general, and China in particular has seen the impact for some time, but now, particularly in China, it's showing some rays of light, restaurants are opening and people are driving in mass. Europe has seen weak economics for several quarters, and COVID-19 has made it worse, pretty much all over. It's a region that seems particularly hard hit. Of course, there's a lot being written about the United States, we do see a mix. There are points of light, primarily in the middle of the country, where franchisees have set personal positive records. And there are places particularly in the northeast where activity has been significantly restricted. And there are locations not that many at this point where we've seen green shoots of recovery.  If you view the world by business segment, most seem quite impacted. Oil and gas, of course, education and vehicle OEM projects, but there are other places like the military, like general industry and like trucking that appear more positive. Regardless of the current landscape, we believe we have the resilience and the strength to navigate the downturn, as Snap-on has done so many times before. The fact that since 1939, over all those years encountering several periods of significant challenge, Snap-on has paid a dividend every quarter and it's never reduced it. That record stands as evidence of a resilience.  So in that regard, we believe our longer term prospects have not been impacted, or the timelines are uncertain. We are confident on a positive outcome to this inner loop. You can see it in the last recession in 2009. Remember how uncertain it was? Bad news for breakfast, people thinking about putting their money in the mattresses, the idea of more deep wall seeming okay without stigma. Well, if you look at Snap-on's record during that weathering, we navigated the turbulence and came out stronger.  We believe that reflects the essential nature of our business, the strength of our position in that business and the experience and capability of our team. That wasn't our first rodeo. And neither is this. Because we believe in that recovery, we're keeping up with the elements of Snap-on value creation, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement. It's particularly evident in customer connection and innovation. Even in the turbulence, we're continuing with the stream of new products, the green shoots will grow, and we're going to be ready. Well, that's the overview.  Let me turn to the results. First Quarter as reported sales were 852.2 million down 7.5%, including a 10.3 million or 100 basis point impact from unfavorable foreign currency. Organic sales declined 6.9%, reflecting the ongoing weakness in Europe and the impact of the global economic uncertainty associated with COVID-19.  From an earnings perspective, Opco OI for the quarter of 138.9 million including 7.5 million of restructuring charges principally focused on Europe and 3.3 million of unfavorable currency effect was 48.5 million lower than 2019, which included $11.6 million benefit from the settlement of patent related litigation matters and that's a mouthful. But the 2020 as adjusted Opco OI of 146.4 million excluding restructuring was down 16.7% from last year's as adjusted level.  And if you consider the sequential impact of the turbulence caused by the pandemic, the first quarter sales of 852 million were down organically from the fourth quarter of 2019 by 10.5%, while the periods as adjusted OI of 146.4 million was down 14.6%. Regarding Opco's OI margin, the as adjusted 17.2% recorded in the first quarter compared with the as adjusted 19.1% and the 17.9% registered in the prior year and in the prior quarter respectively.  For financial services operating income of 56.9 million was down from last year's 62.1 million, including a $2.6 million higher credit reserve as a result of the economic uncertainty associated with the virus. Overall EPS on an as reported basis was $2. 49 and it compared to $3.16 last year. The as adjusted EPS was $2.60 and that compared with last year $3.01, down 13.5%.  Now let's move to the groups. C&I saw mixed progress to the end of February attenuated by significant declines in March, volume in the first quarter of 299.9 million including 5.3 million unfavorable foreign currency translation was down versus last year's 322.5 million, primarily on double digit declines in Asia Pacific and in Europe, reflecting the longer impact of the virus in Asia and the ongoing economic weakness in Europe combined with the later period effects of COVID-19. From an earnings perspective C&I operating income of 31.5 million decreased 15 million from 2019, including 4.4 million of restructuring and 1.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Now critical industries did show variation with relatively favorable performance in the military, trucking fleet and general industry. You can see the essential nature of those areas in our activities, as we supported the production and the maintenance of the F-35 fighter and as our critical tools helped keep the London ambulances on the road.  That positive activity was offset by weakness in natural resources, education and aerospace as some of our commercial customers struggled to respond to the pandemic and the resulting lower oil prices and technical school shutdowns and reduced flight and generally lower capital spending. Overall, however, the critical industries reflecting in part the essential nature of those tests were flat in the turbulence. We do remain confident in and committed to extending in the critical industry. So as a matter of fact, we're continuing to strengthen our product line enhancing our position even in the attenuated environment.  A great example just introduced this quarter from the power tools division is the new CT9100 three quarter inch cordless impact wrench equipped with the market leading combination of power and durability. The three quarter inch drive Anvil makes the unit great for essential tasks for big industrial applications, for power generation, for heavy duty fleets and for the military, where fastener sizes are larger, torque values are higher and reliability and consistent performances are pretty critical.  With its five amp hour lithium battery to CT9100 provides the 1000 pounds feet of bolting and 1300 pound feet of breakaway torque. That's real power and beyond the strength the tool has considerable versatility, three torque settings in forward and three in reverse optimizing performance for a wide range of applications, and it has a built in break, preventing the pot that powerful wrench from throwing fasteners or sockets around when you use it. That's a significant safety feature.  The tool is built in our Murphy, North Carolina plant, and it uses best in class components for superior toughness of substantial strength and long service life. The new impact was just released in February and in a limited distribution but it's already on track to become a hit $1 million product. It's been quite well received C&I, navigating the turbulence with customer connection, and innovation serving the essential.  Now onto the tools group, sales were 375.9 million in the quarter reflecting $31.8 million organic decline and 2.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The progress we saw in the US van channel early in the quarter was erased, and the continuing weakness of the international operation was amplified by the virus as the virus spread more widely. The operating earnings of 48.6 million including 1.4 of unfavorable foreign currency compared to 67.2 million in 2019.  One advantage, we believe our franchisees entered the difficulties with a strong underlying position and that base will come in handy during the immediate future. And as I said before van activity is mixed. There are points of light. We saw great record setting franchisee performance in Iowa, even in New York some have adjusted well turning in strong results, but there are places where the network is attenuated. The vans aren't seeing variation, but we have considerable confidence in their ability to adjust and return to full strength.  We've done it before in disasters like Superstorm Sandy and Hurricanes, Maria and Harvey, and the tools team is working again in this difficulty with focus to make sure our franchisees weather the storm and emerge with advantage. We're supporting the franchisees with tailored programs, targeted promotions and with again great new product, products like the new line of quarter inch drive Stubby Ratchets, boasting the shortest length on the market, the fixed head at two and a half inches and the flex set at three and a quarter inches, both offer improved accessibility and constraint spaces like over a quarter inch drive ratchets.  The new Stubby's include Dual 80 technology for convenient ratcheting arc five degrees and for more power and less lateral space. These have sealed heads which ensure long tool life and a screw style joint design that enables very easy repair all while maximizing strength. The new ratchets, they were launched regionally again in March and initial sales were nearly a million dollars, a significant success for a hand tool in a regional introduction, especially in the storm.  Now, let's talk about tool storage. Holding its own in the face of the pandemic, helped in part by the hundredth anniversary limited edition epic Roll Cab with the centennial themed panels and medallions, the 68 inch epic with the LED lighted power tool top features a gunmetal clear coat paint scheme and new brush red trim color, darker and richer than our standard. At first time color combination highlights our continued innovation and emphasizes our capacity to expand color choices for Cab and it captures the attention of technicians who want to declare they are a very special professional. Only 1920, were founded in 1920, only 1920 were built. In the numbered medallions will showcase each boxes place in Snap-on's history. Reception was strong, the buck sold out. Well that's the tools group navigating the challenges underpinned by strong product.  Now speaking of RS&I, the RS&I group finished the quarter at 314.6 million in sales compared to 327.9 million last year, reflecting at 12.9 million organic sales decrease. The growth through February showing an improvement in all businesses with the exception of our automotive OEM facing operation was overcome by slippage in March. Deeper decreases in the OEM area and end of quarter weakness in - end of quarter weaker volume in under car equipment for both automotive dealerships and independent repair shops. RS&I operating earnings of 77.3 million decreased 6.3 million including 3.1 million of European focused restructuring.  Operating margin was 24.6% including 100 basis points from the restructuring and compared to the 25.5% recorded last year. Excluding restructuring the OI margin was 25.6% up 10 basis points for RS&I despite the pandemic. Now the overall growth was impacted by continuing weakness in OEM programs and equipment volumes. Our diagnostics and repair information businesses did advance in the quarter and we're working to keep that momentum going with innovative new products and features attractions like our recently introduced interactive truck wiring diagrams. It's an enhancement to the Mitchell 1 heavy duty repair information system.  Now, just like the light vehicles technicians with the Mitchell 1 system can click on any picture component in a truck retrieving - when looked at a wiring diagram, it can retrieve a pop-up menu with specifications, physical locations, connector views and guided component tests. The new productivity enhancing truck wiring diagrams were introduced in late February. It was at a press conference, attended by the industry's top publications and reception was great. It's one of the reasons why Mitchell 1 kept growing in the quarter.  Also, during February we launched our new SOLUS Legend diagnostic scan tool. It's quick, a 10 second boot up and the ability to display scan results in as little as 30 seconds. It also offers a best in class eight inch touch screen color display, and it combines a full diagnostic capability. It combines full diagnostic capabilities for both standard vehicles and for motorcycles into one platform. That's a very popular feature. The new handheld also provides access to our sure track vehicle specific real fixes, repair tips, and commonly replaced parts all derived from operation Primary database of 1.3 billion repair actions. SOLUS Legend has the look of a very successful addition to our lineup.  We're confident in the strength of the RS&I product line we keep driving to expand its position with a repair shop owners and managers making work easier with great new products even in the days of the virus. Well, that's a Snap-on first quarter. Some momentum in the beginning checked by the virus, making sure our team is safe, maintaining our operations, they're essential to society, navigating the mixed effects of the virus across our geographies and industries, knowing we can weather the difficulties, not knowing the exact timeline but confident that our position is positive going forward and keeping our companies strong, Snap-on value creation and a continuing string of new products.  Now turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari : Thanks Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $852.2 million in the quarter compared to $921.7 million last year, reflecting a 6.9% organic sales decline, $10.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation and $3.5 million of acquisition related sales. The organic sales decrease this quarter primarily reflected the impact of economic uncertainty associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, with sales declines and all three operating segments and across most geographies.  Through the month of February, with the exception of Asia Pacific and certain European geographies, sales were up on a year-over-year basis, as the effects of COVID-19 spread across Europe and the United States in March and as further government actions were put in place, demand slowed and access to some customers was interrupted, resulting in the lower year-over-year sales for the quarter.  During the quarter as a result of the continued economic slowdown in Europe as well as effects of COVID-19, we recorded $7.5 million of restructuring costs for actions primarily associated with our European operations. These costs were recorded in both the commercial industrial group and the repair systems and information group.  Consolidated gross margin of 49.5% compared to 51.2% last year, which is one of the highest quarterly gross margins reported in Snap-on's recent history. The 170 basis points decrease primarily reflect 60 basis points from restructuring costs, the impact of lower volumes, cost associated with COVID-19 related operating disruptions and 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects.  The decrease was partially offset by savings from RCI initiatives. Despite the cost of restructurings and the impact of COVID-19 the first quarter, the gross margin rate of 49.5% improved sequentially from 47.2% in the fourth quarter of 2019.  The operating expenses margin of 33.2% increased 230 basis points from 30.9% last year. The first quarter of 2019 included $11.6 million or 120 basis point benefit associated with the legal settlement Nick mentioned earlier. The remaining increase primarily reflects the impact of lower sales volumes, 30 basis points from restructuring actions and 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects.  Operating earnings before financial services of $138.9 million, including 7.5 million of restructuring cost and 3.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $187.4 million in 2019, which included the $11.6 million legal settlement. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 16.3% compared to 20.3% last year. On an adjusted basis for both years, excluding the impact of restructuring and the benefit of the legal settlement, operating earnings before financial services of $146.4 million, or 17.2% of sales decreased 16.7% from $175.8 million or 19.1% of sales in 2019.  Financial Services revenue of $85.9 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared to $85.6 million last year, while operating earnings of 56.9 million compared to 62.1 million in 2019, primarily reflecting a $4.5 million increase in provisions for credit losses.  Included in the higher provisions under the recently adopted accounting standard update topic 326 on credit losses, often referred to as CECL was $2.6 million of higher reserve requirements resulting from the economic uncertainty caused by COVID-19. Consolidated operating earnings of $195.8 million, including $7.5 million of restructuring charges, $2.6 million of higher credit reserve requirements and $3.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $249.5 million last year, which included the legal settlement.  As a percentage of revenues the operating earnings margin of 20.9% compared to 24.8% last year. On an adjusted basis in both years excluding restructuring and the legal settlement, operating earnings of 203.3 million or 21.7% of revenues decreased 14.5% from $237.9 million, or 23.6% of revenues in 2019.  Our first quarter effective income tax rate of 24.2% compared to 24.3% last year. The effective rate in both periods were increased by 10 basis points from the restructuring charges in 2020 and the legal settlement in 2019. Finally, net earnings of $137.2 million or $2.49 per share, including an $0.11 charge for restructuring, a $0.04 impact from the COVID-19 related credit provisions and a $0.05 unfavorable impact associated with foreign currency compared to $177.9 million, or $3.16 per share a year ago.  On an adjusted basis, excluding the restructuring charges this year and the $0.15 benefit from the legal settlement in 2019, net earnings of 143.2 million or $2.60 per share, compared to $169.2 million or $3.01 per share last year.  Now, starting with the C&I group on Slide 7, sales of $299.9 million compared to $322.5 million last year, reflecting a 5.7% organic sales decline and a $5.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation partially offset by 0.7 million of acquisition related sales.  The organic decrease primarily includes double digit declines in sales in both the segments Asia Pacific operations and European based hand tools business, partially offset by a high single digit gain in our power tools operations.  Gross Margin of 36.8% decreased to 360 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to 150 basis points from $4.4 million of restructuring charges. The impact of lower sales volumes, as well as higher sales and lower gross margin businesses including sales to the military, and costs associated with COVID-19 related operating disruptions. These decreases were partially offset from savings from the company's RCI initiatives.  The operating expense margin 26.3% increased 30 basis points from 26% last year. Operating earnings for the C&I segment have $31.5 million, including $4.4 million of restructuring charges and $1.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $46.5 million last year. The operating margin of 10.5%, including the 150 basis point charge for restructuring, compared to 14.4% a year ago, and 12.8% in the fourth quarter of 2019.  Turning now to Slide 8, sales Snap-on Tools group of $375.9 million, compared to $410.2 million in 2019, reflecting a 7.8% organic sales decline, and $2.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation.  The organic sales decline includes a mid single digit decrease in our US franchise operations and a double digit decline internationally. As Nick mentioned, sales in the United States were up year-over-year from February before the wider government restrictions impacted access to certain customers or locations during March.  Gross Margin of 42.7% declined 190 basis points, primarily due to the impact of lower sales volume, costs associated with COVID-19 related operating disruptions, and 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects.  The operating expense margin of 29.8% increased from 28.2% last year, primarily due to the impact of lower sales volumes and 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects.  Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools group of $48.6 million, including a $1.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $67.2 million last year, while the operating margin of 12.9% compared to 16.4% a year ago, and 13.2% in the fourth quarter of 2019. Turning to the RS&I group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $314.6 million compared to $327.9 million a year ago, reflecting a 4% organic sales decline and $3.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation partially offset by $2.8 million of acquisition related sales.  The organic sales decrease includes double digit decline in sales to OEM dealerships, and a low single digit decrease in sales of undercar equipment, partially offset by a low single digit gain in sales of diagnostics and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers. Gross margin of 47.9%, including 20 basis points of cost from restructuring, decreased 30 basis points from 48.2% last year. The operating expense margin of 23.3%, including 80 basis points of cost from restructuring, increased 60 basis points from 22.7% in 2019.  Operating earnings for the RS&I group of $77.3 million compared to $83.6 million a year ago. And the operating margin of 24.6% including 100 basis points of cost from restructuring, decreased 90 basis points from 25.5% last year.  Now turning to Slide 10, revenue from Financial Services of $85.9 million compares to $85.6 million last year. Financial Services operating earnings of $56.9 million, compared to $62.1 billion in 2019.  Financial Services expenses of $29 million increased 5.5 million from last year's levels, primarily due to $4.5 million of increases in the provision for credit losses, which included $2.6 million under topic 326 or CECL for the impact of COVID-19. Excluding the $2.6 million associated with COVID-19, provisions for credit losses increased $500,000 from those recorded in the fourth quarter of 2019. As a percentage of the average portfolio, Financial Services expenses were 1.4% or 1.1% in the first quarter of 2020 and 2019, respectively. The average yield on finance receivables in the first quarter of 2020 was 17.7% compared to 17.8% last year. The respective average yield on contract receivables was 9% and 9.1.  Total loan originations of $255.6 million increased $3.1 million, or 1.2%, primarily due to a 1.1% increase in originations of finance receivables, and a 2% increase in originations of contract receivables, principally franchise finance. In the United States, extended originations were up 2% larger reflecting higher franchisee sales of big ticket products.  Moving to Slide 11, our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.1 billion of gross financing receivables, including 1.9 billion from our US operation. Our worldwide gross Financial Services portfolio decreased $19.8 million in the first quarter, primarily due to $26 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects. The 60 day plus delinquency rate of 1.7% for the United States extended credit is up 20 basis points from a year ago, but remains well below level seen in 2008 to 2010 and improved 10 basis points sequentially.  As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, the largest portion of the portfolio, trailing 12 month net losses of $50.4 million represented 2.99% of outstandings at quarter-end, up 8 basis points sequentially of which approximately 4 basis points is as a result of the unfavorable foreign currency effects on the portfolio.  Now, turning to Slide 12, cash provided by operating activities of $213.4 million in the quarter increased $12.1 million from comparable 2019 levels, primarily reflecting net changes in operating assets and liabilities, including decreases in working investment, partially offset by lower net earnings.  Net cash used by investing activities of $49.8 million included capital expenditures of $17.2 million and net additions to finance receivables of $22.1 million. Additions to and collections of finance receivables were consistent with that of the prior year.  In the quarter, our free cash flow from operating company of $143 million improved $10.7 million, as lower working investment largely offset the change in year-over-year net earnings. Additionally, the first quarter of 2019 cash flow reflected the settlement of a legal matter which resulted in a decrease in accrued liabilities of $11.6 million in that prior year period.  Total free cash flow or cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures and the net change in finance receivables of $174.1 million represented 123% of net earnings. Net Cash used by financing activities of 157.1 million included cash dividends of $59 million and the repurchase of 349,000 shares of common stock for $50.5 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of quarter end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $313.3 million of common stock under existing authorizations.  Turning to Slide 13, trade and other accounts receivable decreased $59.4 million from 2019 your end including $21.9 million from unfavorable foreign currency translation. Days sales outstanding of 62 days, compared to 67 days at 2019 year-end. Inventories decreased $3 million, including 25.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency from 2019 year-end. On a trailing 12 month basis inventory turns of 2.5 compared to 2.6 at year-end 2019.  At quarter-end cash position of $185.8 million compared to $184.5 million at year-end 2019. Our net debt to capital ratio of 21.7% compared to 22.1 at year-end 2019. At the end of the quarter, we had $150 million of short-term borrowings under our $800 billion revolving credit facility that terminates in September 2024. These funds were largely utilized to pay down commercial paper outstanding at year-end 2019. As such, there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding at the end of the quarter, and our net debt levels were similar to year-end.  As of the end of the quarter, we were well within the permitted ranges set forth in the credit facilities financial covenants. Despite the uncertainty in the credit and financial markets, we currently believe we have sufficient available cash and access to both committed and uncommitted credit facilities to cover expected funding needs in both the near term and on a long term basis.  That concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few updated outlook items. While we do not generally provide quarterly sales or earnings projections in the near term, we anticipate no improvement in the macroeconomic environment. And as a result, expect sales, credit originations and earnings in the second quarter of 2020 to be lower than those in the same period last year.  We now anticipate that capital expenditures will be in a range of $70 million to $80 million as compared to our prior estimate of $90 million to $100 billion. Additionally, we currently anticipate that our full year 2020 effective income tax rate will be in the range of 23% to 25%.  I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk : Thanks Aldo. Snap-on first quarter, progress interrupted, a time of multiple headwinds, the ongoing economic weakness in Europe, the continuing impact of COVID-19 in Asia and the spread of the virus in Europe and North America, all in this quarter. As I said, our team's experienced. This isn't our first encounter with deep difficulty and in this we are keeping our people safe, working from home and when we can't, distancing, using PPE where appropriate, and cleaning deep and often. What we do is essential to society and we're acting accordingly, maintaining operations to keep the world going, supporting the professionals performing critical tasks.  The impact of the virus is mixed across our businesses, some sliding deeper, some flattening, some getting better, all at the same time. But we're confident that the continuing and essential nature of our mission, the advantage of our position, the strength of our balance sheet, the extraordinary experience and capability of our team will carry us through the turmoil. Our long history, navigating disruption, our dividend record, and our performance in the last great recession, all say so. We don't know the timeline or the shape of the disruption. But we do know we'll resume our upward trend with surety and because of that we're confident. Because of that confidence, we're working to preserve our strengths and our advantages.  We keep driving the elements of Snap-on value creation, building our capability, expanding our products, nurturing our networks, and we believe we'll emerge from this turbulence stronger than when we entered as we have so often before. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I want to speak directly to our associates and franchisees, the Snap-on front line. I know you're listening today. We will all pass through this challenge together. And in this difficulty, there's no other team I would rather be standing with for your courage in meeting the difficulties you have my admiration, for your capability and navigating the challenges of the day, you have my congratulations, and for your dedication and fulfilling your essential role in supporting our society, you have my thanks.  Now I'll turn the call over to up to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from David Leiker with Baird. 
Erin Welcenbach: Good morning. This is Erin Welcenbach on for David. So my first question is about the sale of big ticket products. Based on the finance receivable originations and your commentary, it sounds like that held in better than maybe expected. So I guess I'm wondering if you can give any color on how that shaped up I guess throughout the quarter and expectations of that given the weaker economic conditions in Q2?
Nick Pinchuk : I think when you talk about looking forward I think we think we're going into a little more turbulence. It's going to be extended. Remember that the first California shelter at home was only done I think March 22. So we're only talking about a relatively short period of time in this kind of situation. So it's hard to make any extrapolations on that. But if you look at the quarter, here's what happened, I think I said it, tool storage held its own, diagnostics is pretty good and so you had the underpinning of those things. But remember that originations and sales – Tools group sales don't necessarily match up, there's a timing difference. And in the quarter the sales of the truck exceeded, were positive actually, exceeding the Tools group sales. So you have some of that mismatch there. But as I said, we were kind of pleased with the tool storage business held its own.
Erin Welcenbach: Okay, that's helpful. And then Nick, I think you had mentioned that you were doing some things to support the franchisees during this time, can you provide some more color on some of the actions you're taking?
Nick Pinchuk : Well, first and foremost what we're doing is we're trying to give them a playbook. I don't think many people have seen this before. So we're trying to – we did this actually in Superstorm Sandy. That's why I mentioned this stuff and Maria and so on. Each disaster is a little bit differently, what we're trying to tell them how to conduct their business serving essential and serving essential and critical tasks in the atmosphere of distancing. And so we have a playbook to help them and then we're kind of working with them with other things in terms of working with their financials and they're working with their business managers in each of their locations to try to find a path and the particular prescription that will help them and their individual franchisees move forward. Like I said, what I was trying to say is the world is mixed. So we have guys in Iowa who are kicking it. There was a guy in Iowa who had a tough week we couldn't believe and even in New York and in the New Rochelle area we had, but on the other hand, other people are having difficulties, so we try to – we're adjusting to each person, each franchisee.
Erin Welcenbach: Okay, and then finally, on Asia Pacific, you mentioned a better trajectory coming on to the end of the quarter and higher miles driven. I'm wondering what do you think is driving the miles driven recovery there, is just some pent up demand or are you seeing some at least anecdotes of a structural shift in terms of consumer behavior or kind of a preference towards private vehicle ownership?
Nick Pinchuk : Well, I don't know, this is early days and the thing is, I didn't say necessarily. I said, we see green shoots of recovery there, but do you want to be riding the subway now? I don't know. Right. Do you want to be taking a bus? Do you want to be ride sharing? I think this is a change. It's going to echo for a while. And we're seeing that in Beijing, Beijing snapped back in terms of traffic. I think people can see this in our anecdotal evidence about Shanghai is the same. So I think you're at least temporarily seeing people say I don't want to get sick again. 
Erin Welcenbach: Okay great, thank you for taking my questions.
Nick Pinchuk : So I think actually ownership, I mean, when you go through that is it. I don't know I want to be selling real estate in New York now or for the next – for the future.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Gary Prestopino with Barrington.
Gary Prestopino: Good morning, everyone. Hey, could you maybe tell us and if you don't want to do that, that's fine. But what was the slide in sales over the last two weeks of March across all your businesses on an aggregate basis. 
Nick Pinchuk : I say what you be – let me put it this way. Cut it you Gary, say, look, you could be confident it was double digits for sure. It was – we were down single digits. We said we were up already, we had a reasonable quarter and is going particularly in the Tools group US seemed pretty reasonable for us. So that was a significant slide. But I don't think – look, Gary, I don't think Gary, I don't think you can make a conclusion of that. Because remember, it's only a month. You got individual – franchisees who are trying to figure out how to deal with this, so it's hard to make any conclusions about those weeks I think. That's what we're thinking. It's going to play out in the future. Of course, we're going to live with it longer, but I'm not sure those weeks are extrapolation for the future. 
Gary Prestopino: Okay, like I said, I'm just trying to get an idea of the magnitude here. If you look across your customer base really worldwide, I mean, how much of that do you still have access to? 
Nick Pinchuk : Well, let's put it this way. I think in the Commercial Industrial group, if you're talking about the people, like the critical industry, generally we have access. Yeah, businesses some of those people are getting hammered like oil and gas or some of the aerospace businesses are getting hammered. So businesses are attenuated bug places. And so when we talk to our people, it's a mix. Some of them are calling directly on the people, some are dealing at a distance through social media or email or things like that or phone calls. If you're talking about the franchisee, same kind of thing, it's a mix, depending on where you live and where you're at and the size of the dealership and their requirements. One of the things that's true is generally we're pretty sure that critical repairs are happening. If somebody needs – if somebody's got a check engine, like they're bringing it in. If somebody going for oil changes, doesn't seem like it's happening. So we can tell that. And so some of the businesses that focused on that are a little less receptive to having people come in, if you're a transmission guy, you're probably doing okay. And you expect or people don't, it's quite a mix. 
Gary Prestopino: Okay, and then lastly, could you maybe just go back to 2008, 2009, obviously, every situation is different, but we did have one hell of a recession at that period. What were the indicators to you that the business was coming back? I mean, which segments started to really show significant, I guess lack of a better word green shoots in and that you felt that okay to start to try. 
Nick Pinchuk : It was a different deal, of course, but big ticket items coming back was the big thing. Generally, it was the attenuation of bad news for breakfast. I think people were getting scared by what they were being told about the banking system that was that was affecting it. So generally, it was big ticket in that situation, because people only were buying. I remember talking about it incessantly. People were only buying short payback items. And if you look at that, when we have recession, if you look at it, we came out of it and by the time you got to 2011 our trajectory was still a healthy double digits and profit growth, including at least us. 
Gary Prestopino: Yeah, I do remember that. Okay, thanks.
Nick Pinchuk : Sure.
Operator: We will take our next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys. 
Nick Pinchuk : Good morning.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: When you look at the service channel, I mean, independent volume seemed that they were down 30% to 50% here in a pretty short period of time. I guess you're looking at the credit book and a lot of these guys are getting paid on piece work. Do you think that in the short-term, we're going to see delinquencies exceed what you saw in '08, '09 just give the magnitude and the relatively quick speed of the crank? And then I guess a follow up question on franchisee health, I mean, obviously, you hear about a lot of small businesses that didn't have liquidity to go into this type of dramatic contraction in a short period of time as well. I guess, are you doing much across the board, you talked about a couple of franchisees that are doing particularly well, but if you think about average franchisee liquidity, are you going to need to step in and help them a little bit in the second quarter assuming volumes remain down pretty dramatically. 
Nick Pinchuk : Well, I think first of all, I think that the jury's out on delinquency rates, I'm not so sure how it will behave. I remember that losses improved, went up 100 basis points in the recession last time and delinquencies did go up. I think there is a question of the shock of this all that I think there's going to be sort of like timelines that will work its way through this situation where people get shocked and then figure it out and then deal with it for a while. I don't know what those timelines are. In terms of helping our franchisees, like I said, it depends on the segment of the country. For example, if you look at the Northeast, the franchisees are a little more attenuated. If you look at places like the central region or the North Central region where we're living in, where we're sitting in, now it's not so bad. Northwest seems to be coming back a little bit.  If you look at certain indicators, so we would look at franchisee by franchisee and then we would talk about things like well, loan extensions for them and some help in terms of their position. And we did that in the past, we did it in Superstorm Sandy, we did it in Maria, we did it in Harvey and it all worked out very well for us because our business managers highlight those guys who need help. And we get out there and help them. And of course, there are government programs they can access to, although I don't think it's that easy to do it these days. But in general, we've seen this movie before, in a more narrow way. Puerto Rico, in the East Coast and in the Houston area, and our actions around having the business managers deal with the franchisees and help them in some cases giving them extensions of deferral has worked very well for us.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great, thank you.
Nick Pinchuk : Yeah.
Operator: We will take our next question from Scott Stember with CL King.
Scott Stember: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Nick Pinchuk : Sure.
Scott Stember: You talked about how big ticket items such as storage held its own in the quarter, but can you just give us your expectations? I know you don't really guide by month or quarter, but is it safe to assume that we're going to start seeing some elevated declines in big ticket items at least in April. 
Nick Pinchuk : What I'm trying to say Scott is sure, I think, if you're going to – if we're to lay bets now, I'd lay bets that the second quarter is worse than last year. And I lay bets that we have more weeks of eggs in the second quarter than we had in the first quarter. The shape of that is what I don't know because I don't know I think there was a lot of experience. I think – if you think about it in a practical sense, okay, you've got guys who are working on essential. Everybody recognize what we do is essential. Everybody recognizes this. The Department of Homeland Security talks about automotive repair. So every state proclamation says that, but our people are worried about how they deal with the customers. The customers are trying to figure out how they ply their essential trade. And our people are trying to figure out how to deal with them.  And so it's hard to figure out how that's going to play out. I don't know. I'm not sure. But we see a lot of variation in our situation. Yeah, big ticket, if you say, look, a recession creates eggs, and people are worried about uncertainty. Big ticket tends to go down like it did in the last environment because people say I don't want it. I got to hasten my own cash. But my suggestion is what's going to happen eventually is people come out of the woodwork to give their cars repaired. It's one of the first things that happen. Now, I don't know the timeline for that. But that's why I'm being a little bit I can't really predict so much about the second quarter, except that we're going to manage – I can't tell you anything that you don't know, really, these kinds of things. 
Scott Stember: No, that's fair enough. And just – maybe just give us a little bit more commentary what you're hearing from the van channel, what they're seeing at the repair shop level as far as the help, the employment picture with their mechanics and just – and I know that we're milestone have been off obviously a lot, but just the general commentary about what they're seeing? 
Nick Pinchuk : Yeah, generally – again, I'm sorry, it's like – it's mixed. Some are sliding papers, some are flattening, some are getting better. That's what I hear, but I will tell you this, I think, now, if you look at the BLS data, the BLS data says that the nominal spending of households on automotive repair in February, year-over-year was up 8% and change. So I would suggest that just like our franchisees, the garage has entered it, not bad shape. So I think the resilience is probably pretty good in this situation, so I don't – some are probably – we know some are closed, some are operating at reduced hours, some are going gangbusters. So it just depends I think in this situation. I can't say. I know that's not very helpful to building a model or anything, but I can't really give you anything like that. I think the one piece of data, I do think is worthwhile is that both the nominal repairs and that the household spending and the technician wages were up in February year-over-year. So I think they entered pretty good. 
Scott Stember: Got it and last question, just remind us what – just going back to '08 through 2010, what the 60 day delinquency numbers went up to from a percentage standpoint and the losses – the total losses in the portfolio on a trailing 12 month basis. Thanks. 
Nick Pinchuk : I'll let Aldo answer that.
Aldo Pagliari: Scott. I don't have the exact delinquency numbers in front of me. But they would be not so dissimilar to what you're seeing today. But the losses went up about 100 basis points. I think I mentioned earlier on the call, they hit a peak in a negative sense in Q4 of '09, and then moved from around 3% over the portfolio to around 4%. And then they declined back to below 3% until recent times, so that gives you a range I guess or a feel for what it might be like.
Scott Stember: Got it, thank you. 
Nick Pinchuk : Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks, good morning. A lot's been asked, but just around the outlook lacking guidance. So I was curious, what your sense is of what among your three operating segments might see the biggest pain as you look at it? Should we use the 1Q magnitudes as a guide? 
Nick Pinchuk : Look, I think my own view is Europe is sick. It was weak going – it was weak coming in here. About 18% of our business in Europe, that's the big – it's got a big dollop in C&I and so that's probably the place I think is going to be tougher. If you look at Spain and Italy, the pre-book of Milan asked us to get back in business in Italy because we were essential in that place. But I just think Europe's going to have a tougher time coming out of this. Asia. It's spreading through the – I think China starts to come back. Japan I think is resilient. I think Southeast Asia, I don't know your Indonesia seems to be sinking, Philippines seems to be in trouble and India has completely shut down. So I don't know about the southern Asia. I think China and Korea, and maybe Japan start to excel. United States, you guys know as best as I do, I kind of think so that in our business, our people will learn, will adjust to this, the garages will adjust and it'll kind of – they'll be adapting to this and we're going to help them. The question is how quickly does that happen? And we know it's going to be four more weeks in a second quarter. So I can't give you much more guidance than that. But I think we're better off in the United States and Europe for sure. 
Christopher Glynn: Okay, and then I was just curious on the costs to manage supply chains, people safety through the COVID experience. What is that layer of cost like in terms of magnitude or what do you have to spend for continuity? 
Nick Pinchuk : Well, I don't think so much about continuity. You have lower volumes, so you have more people on the payroll and so on. I think the question is, what do you do about that as you go forward as the lower volumes get smaller? I think I've said in many forum that we're looking at this carefully. We have two sets of what we call profit assurance actions that will take actions depending on how long things go and so on. But we're not going to take precipitous action based on a few weeks. We have of course done the standard stuff like reduce travel and done other things. I would expect that on the other hand, working from home tends to be a little less efficient, I think. And so you have that floating. I would – I don't think we have a real number on the cost to clean and so on. Generally, though, our cases I'd say knock on wood seem to be stabilizing. So we seem to be in reasonable shape in that area. So I don't think we have – you can look at the first quarter make any conclusions about extrapolating those costs going forward because if it gets worse, we'll have to take other actions to reduce our costs.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, thank you. 
Nick Pinchuk : Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Curtis Nagle with Bank of America.
Curtis Nagle: Good morning. Thanks very much. 
Nick Pinchuk : Good morning.
Curtis Nagle: Good morning Nick, how you doing? 
Nick Pinchuk : Okay. 
Curtis Nagle: Good. Okay, so turning just quickly back to the Tools group and then franchise network. I guess how many of the 3,500 or so in the fleet, how many are actually operating right now or are there any that are mandated not to run because of social distancing and things like that?
Nick Pinchuk : Look, we pretty much by phone talk to every franchisee every day and I would say a relatively small number, pretty small number are not running. But there's variations of that all the way up. we would say a lion's share of them are operating on a relatively normal, but attenuated activity because if they spend an hour, they're not getting as much return from some of the people because maybe they're not buying big ticket items or it's taken longer to get to people or they're have to set up an organization. And in between there there's a bunch of gradations. People might be working. Small number may be working on partial shifts or partial days. Some people are not even taken out their trucks.  They're putting their stuff in the car and they're driving around. Other people are spending half their day setting up appointments and then going out, but the lion's share of the business and way over the majority is working as normal, maybe not getting the returns as normal. Now, when I say working as normal, I'm not saying they're rolling into every garage or anything like that. Some garages are going into, other garages are putting the stuff on the outside, other people are bringing them on the van one by one. We had a guy who had a customer event, really, he brought people on he had tea and had food on the van, but he limited the number of people on and forced distancing. I had a great day.
Curtis Nagle: Got it, okay, understood. And then kind of thinking about – so again, vehicle repairs is an essential service we'll get cars back in the road to some normalized at some point, but I would think, at least in the kind of a shorter, maybe a medium term, there might be some negative impact on repair demand, just because cars are being driven at the moment. Have you guys done any work trying to figure out is that – could be the case, what to tell them that can be able to be a residual impact of the distance not just related to –
Nick Pinchuk : Well, I think – look, I think – like I said, I think a couple of things I can tell you, first of all trucks are being repaired. I'm right in 94, I-94 out here, it seems like there's as many trucks on I-94 as it ever was. And it kind of makes sense, right? People are getting deliveries, maybe more deliveries now than before. So trucks are – while they – well, I'm sure that truck shops – because the lighter trucks, maybe are attenuated a lot of these trucks are still rolling. So I think that they're probably doing okay, continuing. You're talking about regular vehicles, like I said I think are monitoring and we get a pretty good monitor of this is that generally maintenance is drying up and repairs continuing at a somewhat reduced rate, but still at a reasonable rate. I would expect that after this starts to play out, you're going to get a rush on the garages with maintenance, there's going to be a snapback as maintenance tends to come like death and taxes. You need to have your oil changed every once in a while, so that's going to happen.
Curtis Nagle: Okay, fair enough. Good luck to you guys and thanks. 
Nick Pinchuk : Alright, thanks a lot Curtis. 
Curtis Nagle: Take care.
Operator: And we will take our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Good morning, everyone.
Nick Pinchuk : Good morning. 
David MacGregor: Nick, good morning. It's just a couple of questions on credit, I guess, we've got mid teens unemployment in this country, small businesses are on the ropes. The $500,000 provision seems a little light. I wonder although if you could just discuss the key assumptions that were underlying that your provision decision and particularly in light of the fact that you're calling the second half of March down double digits, which would have relatively negative implications for what might happen in the second quarter. We've got to understand some of the key assumptions underlying that provision decision. 
Aldo Pagliari: For sure, if you actually go Dave, remember, we're making our accounting adjustments effective at the end of the fiscal quarter, so that's March, so you have to keep that in mind as well and performance off the back of the van – performance for extended credit originations in general were pretty good. Yes, they were stronger at the beginning of the month than they were at the end of the month. But the performance was pretty good. And the performance of collection activity was pretty good. So it wasn't quite as good as Q1 of last year, which we actually saw lower levels of provisions in charge offs. But there was actually a better performance than what you would – had seen as a normal run rate. So we took that into account when we increase the reserve and then on top of it, we have to take a forward look, under CECL.  This gets to be a little bit more judgmental, certainly, because we've pressure tested the portfolio idea of circumstances of preparing for CECL's adoption. And actually, there's not any single variable that correlates so perfectly with it. So we look at a myriad of different things, and we have to apply some judgment. Having said all of that, we came to a conclusion that we thought it was appropriate to increase reserve by about $2.6 million. I'd say it's more specifically for the forward look. So it's not like it was nothing of dispensing the 500,000, just in reference to the sequential movement. But the CECL adjustment actually within the quarter was about 2.6 million and if you look at the level of reserves at the end of March as compared to the end of December, actually roughly 15% in total, so it's not like it's nothing. 
David MacGregor: Right, I guess just further on the credit. I didn't hear you mentioned in your prepared remarks about the 90 day payment deferral plan that began in March and we saw a rather parabolic upturn in UCC filings and I'm guessing although if you guys have you confirm it one way or the other if this was just technicians refinancing and franchisees rolling their IRA balances in DC? But can you just – I guess, under this 90 day deferral plan, how much forbearance has been granted at this point to end customers and franchisees? 
Aldo Pagliari: Well, people think first off the – its early days. It was launched on March 23. We've had programs like this before, so timing is even better with the advent of CECL, you could look at this as not at CECL with the COVID-19. So you can look at this as a form of being able to help customers out. But we've done programs like this in the past. So it's not like it's something radical in any way, shape or form. So we'll see what the uptake is. But as of the end of March, it was only in the in the field for about the less than seven days, I guess, given our fiscal cut off, I think was March 29, so you have that.  Now, you have a separate program, where we grant forbearance or can allow extensions to certain people that's on a case by case basis. It is for a limited number of weeks. We try to work – one thing I'd snap on this it's personal, and that's not a bad word. Some people shy away from the word personal these days with the pandemic, but we're pretty intimate with our customers and we know our customers, both our franchisees and they know their end mechanics and we have to reach out and help them, but it was a relatively small percentage. I think it will increase going into Q2, but geez, I think at the end of the quarter, it might have been less than 5% of people had asked for some type of forbearance if you want to use that word. 
David MacGregor: Right and so this originations growth of 1.2%, does that include refinancing of VC and revolving cash balances? And if so, can you say what originations growth might have been based purely on purchases of merchandise unrelated to the deferred payment offer?
Aldo Pagliari: We measure origination to the same each and every quarter. It doesn't change because of what's going on. So extending credit can include both add-ons as well as sale of brand new products. But to be able to do so customers have to be in good standing. So in other words, if you want to add on to a contract, you've to be a customer that one has additional credit capacity, so we measure people's credit limits in that regard. And then it's got to be a minimum dollar sale in addition, which is typically I think, $300 and up. If you remember the cut off usually is more dollars than that, but that would be at least 300. So that's one of the determinants as to when people add on and add on to a contract they already have in place.
David MacGregor: Right and finally, you mentioned you got $300 million left on your share repurchase authorization program, I guess with the stock haven't been sold off here rather hard. What would be your plans? Or how would you think about capital allocation here and maybe the priority of share purchase authorizations within that? 
Aldo Pagliari: Well, first and foremost, you want to support the ongoing operations. And that's kind of obvious. You're in a mode here where I think people will be careful with their cash. I think no one has perfect visibility when you look forward. So the forecast with precision is not easy in normal times, let alone rockier times. So you're going to want to keep an eye on cash inflows, and of course, cash outflows. And one of the more discretionary items actually would be share repurchase. When we look at share repurchase, I would put that on the list of one of the more discretionary items. So first and foremost, I look at what's the cash position to the corporation, and how does that fit into the equation. I thought that Snap-on was a great bargain at $150 per share is even a better bargain today. Does that mean I can't buy it at a lower price tomorrow? I just don't know with certainty, so again, we have to apply judgment.
David MacGregor: Alright, well, thanks for taking the questions and good luck everyone.
Aldo Pagliari: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the conference back to Sara Verbsky for any additional or closing remarks. 
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snap-on.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Snap-on Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Results Investor Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Abby, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's fourth quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website, along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections, are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, is included in our earnings release and in our conference call slides on Pages 14 through 17. Both can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. Today I’ll start as usual with a view of our quarter – our fourth quarter, give you an update on the environment and the trends we see. And I'll take you through some of the turbulence we've encountered and the advancements we've made. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of the financials. The comparative results for the quarter and the full year each include special non-recurring events that affected our as reported levels. So to provide greater clarity, as we have in the past, we’ll refer to the amount excluding the one-time effect as an as adjusted number to make everything comparable. And when you look through it all, similar to the third quarter, Snap-on did see external headwinds in a number of areas. But we met those challenges and moved forward. We did have disparities from group to group and within each group, but overall we're encouraged by our position and our possibilities. The fourth quarter demonstrated elements of progress that were somewhat attenuated by economic turbulence and challenged geographies and by the impact of unfavorable foreign currency. As in the recent past, we show progress in the U.S. with growth across most of our operations in that area. So volume in the U.S. continued it’s upward trajectory, but our operations in Europe, they show countervailing weakness in several major countries. And as I said, there was also a meaningful impact from currency translation and transactions. So we had significant headwinds. But once again, I think our advantages prevailed. Organic sales were up 0.6%, sales gains in critical industries and repair information and independent – and equipment for independent repair shop owners and managers and continued growth at the U.S. van channel. We had advancements in power tools and tool storage and customized tool sets. It all combined to circumnavigate the variations and move us forward overall. Opco operating income before financial services of $171.4 million, including unfavorable foreign currency compared to $182.1 million in 2018, which included a $4.3 million one-time benefit from the settlement of an employee-related litigation matter. Excluding that legal matter, fourth quarter as adjusted OI was $177.8 million. Now RCI was evident in the quarter, but it wasn't able to offset the negative foreign currency and the economic weakness of Europe. For financial services operating income of $62.2 million was an increase from last year’s $56.1 million. That results combined with Opco for a consolidated overall operating margin of 22.5% compared with 23% last year or 22.6%, 22.5% this year compared to the 22.6% as adjusted, excluding the legal benefit last year. Our quarterly EPS of $3.08 was above the 2018 as adjusted EPS of $3.03. As reported Q4 2018 EPS including the one-time legal matter was $3.09. So those are the numbers in general. Let's speak about the markets. We believe the automotive repair environment continues to be generally favorable. Having said that, in the areas serving vehicle OEMs and dealerships, we have seen some pause, lower new car sales in the years did impact dealer buying habits and the number of projects continued commissioned by the vehicle OEMs decreased. For independent repair shops, however, the things look different. Based on what we've heard – what we're hearing from franchisees, from technicians, from shop owners, the optimism in the independent repair shops is strong and unaffected by new car sales. And our sales in that sector in the U.S. have been positive and they continue to be so. So we believe vehicle repair remains a favorable place to operate. But the critical industries we're seeing progress, strong activity in the U.S. aerospace, military, heavy duty sectors, somewhat offset by softness in the international area, centered on general industry and international aerospace. But our overall activity trend continues to look quite promising and the trajectory of our critical industry business is clearly positive. Our Industrial division demonstrated the opportunities in critical industries. Overcoming the headwinds of Brexit and the general softness in Europe, registering gains driven by it's customized product kits, matching the product to the task. We do believe we're well positioned to confront the challenges of this particular period, making progress along our runways for growth, despite the turbulence. We also have competence that we have continuing potential in our runways for improvement. The Snap-on value creation processes, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement. There are constant fuel for our progress, especially customer connection. Understanding the work of professional technicians and innovation, matching that insight with technology. We believe our product lineup is getting stronger every day and we keep investing to make it so. You see, vehicles are getting more complex, technicians need assistance and so our products are getting more sophisticated to match the rising requirements. And Snap-on products are keeping pace. And our franchisees and our direct sales force, face to face with technicians are in the perfect position for showcasing our powerful new offerings and for demonstrating their use right in the workplace. It's a great opportunity in the changing environment of today and we're working hard to take full advantage. So across the corporation, I would characterize our markets as mixed positive with significant potential yet turbulent from period to period and place to place. Now for the full year, sales up $3.73 billion represented an organic increase of 1.2%, a similar story to the quarter, growth in the U.S. buffeted by Europe. The U.S. franchise is arising, particularly turbulence in the UK van channel, critical industries growing against the wind and strength with independent repair shop owners and managers balancing the shortfall in OEM dealerships. As reported, Opco OI margin for the year was 19.2% compared with last years 19.4%, excluding the one-time benefits in both years, the full year as adjusted Opco OI margin was 18.9%, including 20 basis points of foreign currency drag compared with the as adjusted 19.3% in 2018. And when we include the operating income from financial services, the $245.9 million, which rose $15.8 million, the consolidated operating overall margin for the corporation was 23.7% or as adjusted 23.4% flat with last years as adjusted level. So reported earnings per share for the year was $12.41, up 4.5%. And excluding the non-recurring events, the EPS was $12.26, up $0.45 or 3.8% compared to last years as adjusted number. So those are the numbers. Now let's talk about the individual operating groups. Let's start with C&I. Fourth quarter reported sales for the group including $900,000 of acquisition related volume and $3.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency grew $9.2 million or 2.7%. Organic sales for the group increased $11.8 million or 3.5%. The period saw strong performance from our Power Tools division up double-digits, affirming that our innovative new product tools are resonating with automotive technicians. Beyond that, the Industrial division registered low-single digit growth with mixed results across the industries and geographies. As I said, military was strong and U.S. and aerospace, heavy duty also rose overcoming decline in the international sector. For the first time in a while, a long time actually, volume for SNA Europe, our European-based hand tool business was off in the quarter, driven by weakness in several major arenas, including Germany, the Nordic countries and France. C&I’s operating margin was $45 million, down $5.8 million, including $0.6 million of unfavorable currency. That reflected primarily the industrial gains being more weighted towards the lower military sector, diluting the group's operating income down to 12.8% compared to the 14.8% recorded last year, when there was a more typical balance of customers. I mentioned earlier that our power tools operation registered a strong quarter, sales were up double-digits. Well that gain was on the strength of our new cordless products. Products like the new 14.4 volt, CTR762 3/8 inch Ratchet, we call it the Brute. As the name would imply, it was designed specifically for automotive jobs that require substantial muscle, tasks like exhaust manifold removal, brake caliber replacement and general suspension work. The CTR762 Ratchet combines thematic-like power, 70 pound feet of torque output with the convenience of a cordless platform and the Ratchet mechanism, the head and the neck are strong, robust enough to handle even more force 158 pound feet of manual torque. It is a Brute and the technicians recognize it. The new Ratchet also has a variable speed trigger for improved control and it can reach 175 RPM free speed. That means quick fastener removal. So launched on October and it's been well received and it's easily one of our hit million dollar products. Also in C&I, our torque product line is making great strides. Like we said, it was driven in part by a widening array of new offerings for customers and critical industries like our new powerful 18 volt cordless EvoTorque line, designed for railroads and wind turbans and natural resources and other critical industries where remote repair and maintenance is a norm. EvoTorque covers a torque range of 150 pound feet to 4,000 pound feet and it comes in six basic models, three single speed and three auto two speed. And adding significantly, it's the result of the synergies made possible by Norbar's recent additions to the Snap-on family. The Evo's innovative design, what makes its power, is the combination of a powerful and robust Norbar gearbox and a Norbar beam transducer with an organized handle -- with an ergonomic handle and an 18-volt battery platform from our Snap-on power tools division. The result is a torque wrench that's compact, portable and accurate, plus or minus 3%, while similar tools are much less precise, generally within plus or minus 5%. Industry feedback has been quite positive, and the sales are pretty brisk. Now let's turn to the industrial division, focused on critical industries outside the vehicle garage. Gains now accomplished for 13 straight quarters despite a weakening in Europe. And the ongoing positive trend has been driven by customer connection, extending our understanding of critical work, and that progress can be measured in a number of new tool solutions we offer each year. Well, last year, we added almost 5,700 new products. It's a critical -- it's our -- it's critical to our industry -- critical industry lineup. That's quite a few products, 5,700. It's a design and logistics challenge to be sure but it's a large advantage with critical industry customers. We're rolling the Snap-on brand out of the garage with increasing strength. Critical industries is a great opportunity, and we're addressing the possibilities with new products aimed at solving the tasks of consequence that inhabit that critical arena. Now on to the Tools Group. Organic sales are up 1.3%, with continued growth in the U.S. operation, up low single digits, a positive that was again, this quarter, offset by a decline in international operations, principally in the UK. Operating income in the quarter was $54.3 million and compares to $57 million in 2018. The OI margin was 13.2%, an 80 basis point decrease, including 40 basis points of unfavorable currency, the turbulence in the UK and the investments we're making in training and field support to expand franchisee selling capacity to match the demands of our more sophisticated products and to capture the opportunity in the changing repair environment. In the quarter and throughout the year, the Tools Group did confirm the underlying market-leading position of our van network. We believe the franchisees are growing stronger. That's clear in the franchisee health metrics we monitor each period. They continue to trend favorably, and that positivity was acknowledged by multiple publications all listing Snap-on as a franchisee -- franchise of choice. This quarter, Snap-on was once again ranked among the top franchise organizations, both in the U.S. and abroad. We were again recognized by the Franchise Business Review, which, in its latest ranking for franchisee satisfaction, listed Snap-on as a top 50 franchise, marking the 13th consecutive year we've received that award. We were also ranked number two among all franchises in Entrepreneur Magazine's 2019 list of Top Franchises for our Veterans. And abroad, Snap-on was ranked number one in Elite Franchise Magazine's top UK franchises, rising three spots from last year and finishing above many well-known international brands in the publication's largest-ever competition. So despite the difficulties in the UK economy, our franchise remains very positively regarded. To me, that's good news for the future. Now this type of recognition reflects the fundamental strength of our franchisees and of our van business in general and would not have been possible, it would not have been achieved without a continuous stream of innovative new products developed through our strong customer connection, leading to customer connection, leading to a multiple -- to multiple new innovations as a result of our insight and experience in a changing vehicle repair environment. One of the latest additions to our lineup, an example of this is our Milwaukee-manufactured GM head bolt socket developed from connections with a loyal Snap-on technician. The 0.5-inch drive 13 millimeter socket enables efficient head bolt removal and installation on General Motors' light truck gen-5 V8 engines. The socket special drive design summons the torque necessary to break free even heavily corroded head bolts, and the 4-inch socket height allows technicians to clear the rocker arms in the GM engine design, making repairs easy, even in the difficult GM V8 engine compartment and believe -- another great example of customer connection. And believe me, just as another subject, and believe me, we're working hard to strengthen our tool storage lineup. The effort is – and the effort is bearing fruit. Tool storage is up in the quarter and up in the year. We recently add the KRSC430A professional grade shop cart to add – to our lineup on mobile tool solutions. It’s a new 40-inch cart that makes it easy to move even very heavy tools from bay-to-bay and it offers a sliding split top – split lid, which allows quick access to frequently used tools, manufactured in our Algona, Iowa plant, right in the heartland. The heavy-duty cart body is entirely welded with a double-wall design for lasting strength. It also features interchangeable doors, customization to fit any job. The initial launch went quite well, and it’s clear the new cart will be another one of our hit products. Well, that’s the Tools Group, expanding its success in the U.S., balancing the international operations, continuing to develop innovative new product, building underlying strength. Now RS&I, volume in the fourth quarter was $335 million. That’s down organically, 1.5% with gains in sales of undercar equipment and diagnostics and repair information products being more than offset by decreases in the business focused on vehicle OEMs and dealerships. It was another turbulent period for that lumpy project-driven OEM sector. RS&I operating earnings in the quarter were $87.2 million, down $200,000 from last year, including $200,000 of unfavorable foreign currency. OI margin for the group was a strong 26%, up 30 basis points from last year’s level and with basically driven by growth in information products, growth in information products paving the way to that 26%. Along those lines, in terms of innovation products, our Mitchell 1 division which provides the software independent shops continues to succeed pursuing customer connection and innovation, bringing great new products to improve shop efficiency. We just launched – our Mitchell 1 just launched. Our new online appointment scheduling capability, in addition to our already extensive repair shop management software, vehicle owners can now request an appointment with just a few clicks on the shop’s website automatically alerting garage schedulers of their request. It’s a great efficiency tool. As part of our Mitchell 1 shop management for independent garages. And it’s another example about how Snap-on value creation is authoring the continuing upward trend at Mitchell 1. Speaking of Mitchell 1, we just opened a new facility for that information business and enhanced operating and design environment. We’re investing in Mitchell 1 and we expect more success. RS&I also launched in the quarter. Our new PRO-LINK Edge heavy-duty – it’s a heavy-duty diagnostic handheld, a bigger screen, easier to use interface, faster vehicle connection time, updated software and increased vehicle coverage. Snap-on is already the leader in heavy-duty diagnostics. The PRO-LINK Edge will expand that advantage. It was just introduced at the end of the year and so far it’s looking good. We keep driving to expand RS&I’s position with repair shop owners and managers, offering more new products to sell developed by value creations process that are added by our strategic and coherent acquisitions and we’re confident that’s a winning formula. Well that’s our fourth quarter. Arena’s – areas of both challenge and advancement. We believe, we leave the year stronger than when we entered. And in the end, an EPS for the quarter of $3.08 up from the as adjusted $3.03 from last year and for the full year, as adjusted EPS at $12.26 rising from the as adjusted $11.81 overall progress, hard one against turbulence. Now I turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $955.2 million in the quarter were up 0.3%, reflecting a six tenths of 1% organic sales gain, $3.5 million of acquisition-related sales and $6.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales gain this quarter reflected low single-digit growth in both the Snap-on Tools and Commercial & Industrial segments, partially offset by a low single digit decline in the Repair Systems & Information group. Similar to the trends, we experienced in Q3 of 2019 overall, on a year-over-year basis, sales to customers in the United States increased, while sales in Europe continued to exhibit weakness. Consolidated gross margin of 47.2% compared to 48% last year. The 80 basis point decrease primarily reflects increased sales and lower gross margin businesses, 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, partially offset by savings from RCI initiatives. The operating expense margin of 29.3% increased 40 basis points from 28.9% last year. Q4 of 2018 included a $4.3 million or 40 basis point benefit associated with the legal settlement that Nick mentioned earlier. Operating earnings before financial services of $171.4 million, including $2.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $182.1 million in 2018, or $177.8 million as adjusted for the legal settlement. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 17.9% of sales, compared to 19.1% last year or 18.7% as adjusted. Financial services revenue of $83.9 million and operating earnings of $62.2 million increased 1.5% and 10.9% respectively from 2018, primarily reflecting year-over-year growth in our financial services portfolio and improved portfolio performance resulting in lower provisions for credit losses. Consolidated operating earnings of $233.6 million, including $2.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $238.2 million last year, or $233.9 million as adjusted. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings of 22.5% compares to 23% last year, versus last year’s fourth quarter as adjusted operating earnings margin of 22.6%, which reflected a 40 basis point benefit in the legal settlement. This year’s operating margin was lower by 10 basis points. Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate of 22.3% compared to 22% last year. Finally, net earnings of $170.6 million or $3.08 per share, including a $0.04 unfavorable impact associated with foreign currency, compared to $175 million or $3.09 per share a year ago. In 2018, excluding a $0.06 per share benefit from the legal settlement, adjusted earnings were $3.03. For the full year 2019, fully diluted earnings per share of $12.41 increased 4.5% over $11.87 per share as reported last year. Now let’s turn to our segment results. Starting with the C&I group on Slide 7. Sales of $352.9 million in the quarter, increased 2.7%, reflecting a 3.5% organic sales gain and $9.9 million of acquisition-related sales, partially offset by $3.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic growth included a double-digit gain in our power tools business, a mid-single-digit increase in our Asia Pacific operations, and a low-single-digit gain in sales to customers in critical industries, particularly sales to the U.S. military. These increases were partially offset by a low single-digit decline in our European-based hand tools business.  Gross margin of 35.5% decreased 300 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to increased sales and lower gross margin businesses, including sales to the military. Sales in the fourth quarter to the military were up significantly both year-over-year and sequentially. The operating expense margin of 22.7% improved 100 basis points from 23.7% last year, primarily due to higher volumes and lower expense businesses. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $45 million, decreased $5.8 million from last year and the operating margin of 12.8% compared to 14.8% in 2018. Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $411.7 million increased 1.1%, reflecting a 1.3% organic sales gain, partially offset by $1 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase includes a low-single-digit gain in our U.S. franchise operations, partially offset by a low-single-digit decline internationally. Gross margin of 40.2%, including 40 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects remained unchanged from last year. The operating expense margin of 27% increase from 26.2% last year, primarily due to higher field support investments. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $54.3 million, including $1.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, decreased the $2.7 million from last year, while the operating margin of 13.2% including 40 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to 14% in 2018. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $335 million decreased 1.4%, reflecting a 1.5% organic sales decline and $2.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by $2.6 million of acquisition-related sales. The organic decrease includes a high single-digit decline in sales to OEM dealerships through our equipment solutions business, partially offset by low-single-digit gains in both sales of undercar equipment and sales of diagnostics and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers. Gross margin of 47.7% increased 20 basis points from 47.5% last year, while the operating expense margin of 21.7% improved 10 basis points from 21.8% in 2018. Operating earnings for the RS&I group of $87.2 million, compared to $87.4 million a year ago, and the operating margin of 26% increased at 30 basis points from 25.7% last year. Now turning to Slide 10. Operating earnings from financial services of $62.2 million increased 10.9% versus the fourth quarter of 2018. Revenue of $83.9 million was up 1.5% from a year ago. Financial services expenses of $21.7 million decreased $4.9 million from last year’s levels, primarily due to decreases in the provision for credit losses, reflecting improved portfolio performance as well as lower variable compensation and other costs. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 1% and 1.3% in the fourth quarters of 2019 and 2018 respectively. The average yield on finance receivables in the fourth quarter of 2019 was 17.5% compared to 17.7% last year. Principally, reflective of the credit quality of customers originating loans over the past several months. The respect of average yield on contract receivables was 9.2% in both periods. Total loan originations of $262.4 million, decreased $4.7 million or 1.8%, primarily due to a 3.7% decrease in originations of finance receivables, partially offset by higher originations of contract receivables, principally franchise finance. Moving to Slide 11 – year-over-year – our year-end balance sheet includes approximately $2.1 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.86 billion from our U.S. operation. Our worldwide gross financial services portfolio grew $24.3 million in the fourth quarter. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.8% for U.S. extended credit remains stable and reflects the seasonal increase we typically experienced in the fourth quarter. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, the largest portion of the portfolio trailing 12-month net losses of $49.4 million represented 2.91% of outstandings at year end, down 6 basis points sequentially, supporting continued stabilization in the portfolio’s credit metric performance. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $196.7 million in the quarter, decreased $19.2 million from comparable 2018 levels, primarily due to increases in working investment and cash paid for taxes. Net cash used by investing activities of $41.4 million included net additions to finance receivables of $24.6 million and capital expenditures of $21.6 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $139.2 million, included cash dividends of $59 million and the repurchase of 435,000 shares of common stock for $71.2 million under our existing share repurchase programs. Full year 2019 share repurchases totaled 1,495,000 shares for $238.4 million. As of year-end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $359.6 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivables increased $2 million from 2018 year-end. Day sales outstanding of 67 days were unchanged from 2018 year-end. Inventories increased $86.6 million from 2018 year-end, primarily to support the introduction of new products, higher levels of demand across critical industries, including demand for U.S. manufactured hand tools, as well as to improve service levels to our customers. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.6 compared to 2.9 at year-end 2018. Our year-end cash position of $184.5 million increased $43.6 million from 2018 year-end levels. Our net debt to capital ratio decreased to 22.1% from 24.2% at year-end 2018. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million in available credit facilities. As of year-end, we had $193.6 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance. I’ll briefly look at a few outlook items for 2020. We anticipate that capital expenditures will be in the range of $90 million to $100 million. We currently anticipate that our full year 2020 effective income tax rate will be in a range of 23% to 24%. I’ll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Snap-on fourth quarter. Near-term uncertainties, unfavorable foreign exchange, a downdraft in Europe, in particular, Brexit difficulties in the UK, but progress against those headwinds, significant progress. Overall advancement hard won against the headwinds. Opco organic sales up 0.6%, OI margin of 17.9%, down 80 basis points from a 2018 as adjusted result impacted by the mix of critical industry sales being more weighted to the lower margin military sector by unfavorable currency and by spending to enhance the franchise network. Overall advances, continuing strength in RS&I and the repair information business, 26% margin. Favorable trends in the industrial business, gains in the U.S. van channel, and there were significant strides in strengthening our product line across the organization, more customization, more sophistication to match the opportunities of the changing repair environment. And a finance company recording gains in the NOI, which combined with opco to reach an OI margin of 22.5% in the quarter compared with an as adjusted 22.6% of last year. EPS for the quarter at $3.08, above the as adjusted $3.03 recorded last year. Overall, we believe firmly that our business is strong, and we’re confident that going forward, we have the opportunity, the position, the product and the team to confront the headwinds and continue on our positive trajectory through 2020 and beyond. Now before I turn the call over to the operator, I’ll speak directly to our associates and franchisees. I know many of you are listening. To the entire Snap-on team, we recognize the results of the quarter and of the year are authored by your individual and collective efforts. For your dedication to our progress and for your commitment to our corporation, you have my thanks. Now I’ll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Curtis Nagle with Merrill Lynch.
Curtis Nagle: Good morning. Thanks very much for taking the questions. So I guess, first, Nick, a question for you. How would you describe, I guess, the operating environment of tools this year versus last in terms of things like relative competition, underlying fundamentals, product rollout for you guys? Would you expect organic growth to be higher, kind of stay the same? And that optimism that you’d mentioned in the call, would you say that’s perhaps higher than, say, a year ago?
Nick Pinchuk: I would say so. I think, look, I believe I said it right at the beginning. I believe we leave 2019 stronger than we entered. Our product line is stronger than ever. We are seeing progress in the – not as fast as maybe we would like in the U.S. van channel but it is moving upwards. This was a stronger quarter than in the past on a year-over-year basis. And so we feel pretty positive about that. I think when we talk to our franchisees, we understand, and the technicians, we understand our underlying strength. The simple point is, can we arm our franchisees with enough efficiency to wield the complex products, the sophisticated products to sell in the environment they are as opposed to being capacity bound or time bound? I’ve talked about the time-bound nature of the van business for a long time. That’s why we’re investing in it, and we’re starting to see the results. Against that though, we see turbulence in the UK. The UK was actually a little worse this quarter. On the other hand, Brexit did get signed, and so therefore, without any inside information about the time line, that should make it better going forward. So I feel okay about that.
Curtis Nagle: Great, fair and sure. And then a quick follow-up, I guess, for Aldo. How should we think about the balance of product and customer mix in 2020 in C&I in terms of how this could impact the gross margin? Perhaps we see continued pressure because military seems to be doing well, maybe that’s a one-off. Could that reserve – reverse in terms of that mix impact to gross margin?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, the military, Curt, I’d say, in the quarter was probably the highest sales of one particular job in the military that we’ve talked about before. You call it the GMTK, the general mechanics toolkit, so actually, it was up at a double digit in year-over-year comparison as well as sequentially as I mentioned. It will be a significant contributor in Q1, however, not probably to the same level as it was in Q4. And on top of it, what was lacking in Q4 were some of our international sales in the critical industries. They tend to be pretty good margin contributors so if they come back to what I call more normal levels, you get a little bit more cover and get a more traditional gross margin mix. So we welcome the sales to the military, don’t get me wrong. And they’ll move forward over time, but they should have less of a mix effect as you get a little bit more normalized impact in the overall critical industries.
Curtis Nagle: Okay. Fair and sure. Thanks very much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you, good morning. I had a question about the Snap-on Tools margin and the seasonality. You used to see that always ramp 3Q into 4Q, and last year’s assumed anomaly at the time but that repeated this year into the seasonal volume ramp. So wondering what’s changed there. Is this a new dynamic with kind of sequential gross margin pressure, 3Q to 4Q for SOT?
Nick Pinchuk: Actually, it may be a new dynamic for us. It wasn’t just last year. I think there have been two years of this kind of move downwards. Some of that may be driven by, we have robust Christmas promotions, and they – sometimes, they tend to be a little bit lower margin. I think the thing that you might ask, okay, it’s 40%. The gross margin was 40%. 40.2% was flat with last year, and last year, we had significant discounting associated with the Diagnostics business. You might be asking – well, you might ask, why isn’t that up? And I think the story is this. Last year, we had that discounting. We had some effect of currency but not as much, and we had some small effect – some effect of the UK. This year, we got 40 basis points of currency and 20 basis points of the UK effect, and so you put those in and you end up having 60 negative. And so we had margin improvement actually year-over-year in the quarter. It’s just that higher currency impacts in the quarter associated with the Tools Group transaction effect and the UK still being a problem for us. So they overcame that and flattened the gross margin.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. But taking this year in isolation, what caused the decline sequentially?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think we’ve seen generally a decline sequentially. And what has happened in the decline, what drives the decline, we’re seeing more and more of this is our factories tend to be seeing it like, for example, when you roll into the fourth quarter, especially if – as the hand tool business has risen and become a higher portion of our product, the factories, which is the most integrated product in the United States, you see things like over Thanksgiving and over Christmas, you see the effects, those expanded hand tool factories, the effects of those weighing a little bit more than the third quarter in terms of the days off they have. So you have worse absorption in this quarter. Fundamentally, your sales are going up, but your absorption is going down because of the days worked. That’s, I think, what we’ve seen. If you go back two quarters, when we didn’t have this discounting and this legacy sales in the fourth quarter that was really the effect. And I think we’re going to see that going forward in this kind of calendarization.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And just wondering if – looking at the inventory increase and the lower turns, wondering if there was any reserving in the quarter for excess or obsolete inventory or if possibly, that’s something that might be an outcropping of the higher inventory levels at some point?
Aldo Pagliari: I don’t think anything more than normal, Chris, this is Aldo. The nature of our inventory is such that when you get the lower market cost or market criteria, we feel pretty good about where our levels of scalability are at. I think the biggest increase in inventory actually is new product introduction. And the take-up pace was not as rigorous as we would like for that, and we’re confident looking to the future. But as you know, we keep targeting a higher level of sales growth. And when we don’t achieve it, the product is there and available but it’s in inventory rather than in the sales line.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then last one for me. The CFO was down a bit year-over-year from very high levels last year with a fair amount of inventory pressure. Just wondering if that’s a good setup for pretty strong CFO growth in 2020 that we could expect.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, certainly, I see there’s no reason that inventory has to grow to the same degree it did in 2019. We try to take a measured look at that. Some unique characteristics in 2019 were that we have more sophisticated kits among our critical industries customers. As I said, we had a heavy dose of new product introductions. We’ll have elements of that in 2020, but as you’re suggesting, there’s no reason that the increase in inventory has to be to the same magnitude as what we saw in 2019.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thanks, Aldo.
Operator: We will take our next question from David Leiker with Baird. And David, your line is open. Please check your mute button. Hearing no response from David, we will move to Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys. Could you talk a little bit about diagnostics in the U.S. van channel? I know you guys were doing some educational work at the franchise event back in August. And maybe an update as to how we’re doing with ZEUS and Apollo.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay. I can give you versions of that. The – we had strong – we’ve had – we continue to train the people and we’re working with our field force, our diagnostic sales developers and the techno vans and so on, the field source to try to, just as you say, try to expand the capabilities associated with that. We had a – it was up double digits and it was up very strongly in the third quarter. Diagnostics was down in the fourth quarter, selling to the franchisees, but the movement from the franchisees to the end user kind of followed more traditional paths. So I would figure that the – if you step back and you look at it and you say, okay, up in the third quarter, kind of down in the fourth quarter, it’s kind of a continuing the same level as before. So therefore, we would say we have more work to do in trying to get our franchisees to understand how to sell this product. It’s kind of moved forward. And ZEUS had a good quarter, by the way, so that was an encouraging data point for us. So with the ZEUS good quarter, we feel that there is some progress because that’s the most difficult thing to sell. So now we’re going to have to make sure we work on Apollo and TRITON to get those stronger. And so I suppose one of the lessons we get out of this is we may have cracked some of the case for ZEUS but we need to do a little bit more on of Apollo and TRITON.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then on the UK, you talked about it being turbulent but may be getting better with Brexit. Is there any change in the van count over there, given the challenges that those distributors are seeing?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, there has been a change, but not – it’s very small actually. It moves up and down. I think in the middle of the downturn, it was down a little bit but would bounce right back up. So I would say not more than ordinary motion really. It hasn’t really changed that much. I mean, the UK has been a headache for us really, and it punches above its weight in terms of – on the margins of our performance. But we’re working hard to try to get it under control. We’re working with the products. We’re trying to train the franchisees so they can make the most of things. Generally, it’s short payback items they’re selling. It’s the big payback items that tend to come down in uncertainty. With Brexit being signed, I don’t know. But I think as people understand what’s going to happen in post-Brexit, the certainty returns and the automotive repair market snaps back in the UK. I pretty much believe that’s the way it’s going to play out. We’re just happy that they signed Brexit on January 31.
Bret Jordan: Yes. And Aldo, one question, I guess, around the credit book. Are the loan terms, as the credit quality is going up and obviously reflected in lower rates, are you seeing shorter loan terms as well?
Aldo Pagliari: No. With the – generally speaking, with the higher price point of products, generally speaking across the board, the franchisees elect up to five-year terms. And I don’t see that – that actually has trended slightly upward. The migration has been more to a little bit north of four years is the average in the overall portfolio. So I haven’t seen really much of a change in that.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker: Good morning, can you hear me?
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, we can hear you, yes.
David Leiker: Let’s just chuck that one up to user air. Two things. If we look at the Snap-on tools field support spending, I think we’re probably on two full years of that right now. Is that fair?
Nick Pinchuk: No, I don’t think so. I think we started it maybe in the fourth quarter of last year. I don’t think it’s two full years actually. That’s my memory about it, yes. And we’ve kind of ramped it up here. So…
David Leiker: So how do you – can you talk a little bit about how you determine, calculate if that’s working and driving incremental returns of kind of return on investment or some kind of metrics of how do you gauge the success and executing and delivering on that?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, there’s – I think there are twin axes on this, David. I think one is the overall – we’re focused on the U.S. really, of course. And this – I think we made that clear. There’s a separate effort going on to remediate in the UK. I think our number one effort is what happens with sales in the U.S. van channel and it’s been moving upwards. So this quarter was better than the last in terms of a year-over-year basis. So we can feel it moving upwards, maybe not as fast as everybody would like and maybe not as fast as we would like, but that’s an indication that we’re moving the boulder upwards. We’re expanding the capacity to sell. And that’s one issue. Then there are the local issues, just like question recently, if we’re focused on diagnostics, what happens with the individual diagnostic platforms? Because after all, this training gets done platform by platform by platform by platform, and types of customer by types of customer and types of customers. So we kind of segment it that way, platforms by customer. And so the success in those nodules or how we evaluate it. And it’s not just training. It’s also things like we’re adding a new set of vans, we call the Total Shop Solutions. We’ve been expanding and we were at nine last quarter and 15 this quarter, not associated with diagnostics, but this is associated with other more longer payback sales like hand-spin tire balancers and diagnostic workstations, which include full storage box and so on. So we evaluate how those things are occurring in each of the territories. So I think I’ve said for a long time that one of the boundaries of the tools – the van business is the time and so what we’re doing is trying to make the time more effective. Best thing is the sales. You figure that happens. If the sales goes up, that’s the best thing to do. But we also have a sub-analysis. So that’s how we do it. And we think it’s working. I sure like to see it work faster, but we believe it’s a way forward because we – go ahead, sorry.
David Leiker: Well, as I say, so if you look at that in terms of the absolute spend versus the driving through of revenues, is there a point – where is the breakpoint where you get revenues growing faster than the spend in that? And is there a point in time that, that spend actually can come back down at all? So how do you see that playing out?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, I see it playing out. When we start to get up around our target, we start to experiment about cutting back. I think the way the world works for us, and it’s always worked this way, is we spend to capture sales growth. And then as we establish ourselves in that sales growth level and that sales growth level is defined by capacity, the capacity of the franchisees to sell, once we hit that, we try to improve and become more efficient in supporting that behind that wave of capture. So once we get to like x percent growth, we say, "Okay, we’re there. That’s our level." We kind of try to figure out how to do it more efficient. So we’d like to be in the territory where we feel comfortable that that’s an acceptable growth that’s commensurate with the market, with the opportunities. Once we do that, we bring it back.
David Leiker: So with that running at low single digits in the U.S., you’re getting close to that growth metric then?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, but not as close as I’d like. Yes, close, closer. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, that’s true. Yes, it’s hard but that’s our method, David. We capture territory and then we make it more efficient.
David Leiker: And then just one item for you, Aldo. You didn’t mention it and we’ve had some conversations on this, but is there any update on the bad debt provision, the change in accounting there? Any framework you can give us to have a sense of what that’s going to mean when you adopt it in Q1?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, I’ll say this, the official and final reporting of that will be in our K, which is not so far away. I mean, we plan on releasing our K at the – before the end of next week, actually. So I’ll leave that out there as a statement. But I’ll say this, the workaround, it’s been fairly intense and well done. And I’m pleased with the energy we put into it so far. And you’re talking about CECL. For others on the call, it’s a reference to the adoption of CECL, which becomes effective for the corporation in January of 2020. So in essence, the true reporting of it occurs at the end of the quarter, actually. But I’ll say this, is that right now, David, I’m expecting that our overall adjustment will be something less than $10 million will be that order of magnitude. But the final number will be solidified within about a week.
David Leiker: Okay. Great. Thank you much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Scott Stember with CL King.
Scott Stember: Good morning, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Scott Stember: Could you guys give a little bit more color on some of the other areas within tools as far as growth, like power tools and hand tools?
Nick Pinchuk: Sure, sure. This quarter, hand tools was down some, power tools up double digits. So like I said, power tools had a terrific quarter. And principally, tool storage up, diagnostics down some. So by the way, I encourage people not to get too overheated about these quarterly numbers because they move up and down, depending on what happened last quarter and what – when the new products hit. For example, power tools is strong this quarter because we have a great new product and everybody has been waiting for it. And so it rolls out. And so that’s one of the reasons why it’s strong now. Because remember, our view of the world is the franchisees are capacity limited. We’re building up. That’s why the franchise business in the U.S. is growing again. But it’s kind of a – you get a new product, it tends to squeeze out some of the other products. But that’s the rollout. Hand tools’ down this quarter after up for the year, but power tools up fairly robustly. Tool storage up again, diagnostics down. It’s sort of the story this quarter. It was a different story last quarter.
Scott Stember: Got it. And moving over to RS&I, I know that we’ve had a few really good quarters of sales comps. Part of it was the OEM business was coming back, but we see a return of choppiness there. How did you do in RS&I for the full year, again, on an organic basis? And given your commentary about some of the reluctance of some of the dealerships because of the weaker car sales, do you expect to get back to positive comps in 2020?
Nick Pinchuk: I think we’re not sure what happens with the OEM dealership business. That’s the thing that we say, well, that’s a lumpy business. And having worked for Ford myself, I can tell you that they – this is a business that changes cash flow every month for five year. They change their attitudes every month. So we’re not sure. If I look out and looking at the IHS forecast, they’re forecasting down 1% to 2% next year. I would think we’d kind of see the same kind of stuff out for a little while. Now RS&I was up low single digits for the year. I think interestingly though, 26% for RS&I, I think, is the highest-ever gross OI margin, so they had an okay quarter from that perspective. It’s just the sales were down because of that OEM business. But the information business, so where independent repair shops was up again, which was what drove that 26% because it’s high-margin business, and Mitchell 1 is a – has been a consistent grower for us. So if you look at the RS&I businesses, I’ll step back and talk about them, Mitchell 1 seems to grow consistently. We just invested in a new building. We didn’t do so without thought. And therefore, we think that’s got a great future. Diagnostics tends to go up and down but we’re training the franchisees to be more comfortable with the new groundbreaking product of intelligent diagnostics. We expect that to go forward. The OEM businesses, which is about a third of the businesses, it’s hard to predict, it can be lumpy. And significantly, lost in the sway here is the equipment business showed a positive this quarter for RS&I, and it hasn’t been positive for a while. So we view that as a fairly – even in a turbulent quarter, we view that as one sign of good news. So going forward, I think – we think the OEM business, uncertain. Maybe it will be the same as this quarter for a while. But the rest of the businesses have good opportunity.
Scott Stember: All right. And just last question. Your view of the business longer term, are you maintaining your expectation that the company, longer term, could be a mid-single-digit grower on an organic sales basis?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, yes. I think the market is there. I think we got the product and stake. I think we’re capacity-bound. I’ve said it – if you listen to us, for years, we’ve said that one of the boundaries associated with the van channel, space and time, we’re up against a time boundary. It’s clear. You can see it, the way the world works. And so we have to break through that like we did in previous years. We had to come up with ways to make those franchisees use their time better, and we can do that, we think. And then in the C&I business, if you’ve 13 straight quarters for industrial and with 5,700 new products, now that gets more and more complex and it drives inventory, but the dogs are buying the dog food there. The only thing is, in this particular quarter, one of the big businesses was low margin. That’s not going to happen forever.
Scott Stember: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Good morning, everyone. A couple of questions. First of all, just given the amount of time we’ve spent talking about the field support, can we at least put a number on what the impact was to margins, Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, I don’t recall all the field support specifically. Obviously, it’s an investment that we make along with other internal metrics that we have, David. But you could see the drag that it creates in the OE section of the financial – of the Snap-on Tools Group. But we’re not going to dimension it exactly.
David MacGregor: So you can’t give us some order of magnitude or any quant on that?
Aldo Pagliari: No, I don’t think so.
David MacGregor: Okay. I guess, what percentage of your franchisees are up year-over-year in the fourth quarter?
Aldo Pagliari: What?
David MacGregor: What percentage of your franchisees would have seen growth in the fourth quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t think we know that necessarily directly.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes. The U.S. is up low single digit, as we’ve said, and you’ll get a mix within that portfolio. Some, of course, will be higher, some will be lower than that. But we’re not going to parse among the number of franchisees that are up or the number that are down.
Nick Pinchuk: Generally, we parse them by quintiles. And if you see the business up, it generally tends to be uniform across that. So what you find is, is that roughly 60% of the – 60% to 65%, maybe two-thirds of the franchisees will be sort of in the same direction as the overall business. That’s usually what happens in any one quarter. And those numbers swap in and out. It doesn’t change that much from quarter-to-quarter, really.
David MacGregor: Okay. And then it seems like we’ve got to a point in our world where people are buying online, and I’m sure that technicians are no exception to that rule. You’re selling tools on your website. Can you just talk about it? And maybe this is a way to sort of tie in with the whole notion of the time boundary you referenced in answering the last caller’s question. But what’s the opportunity to develop online sales here? Maybe find a way to pass the credit back to the appropriate franchisees that customers registered to. But talk a little bit about the opportunity to grow online as…
Nick Pinchuk: I think our customers don’t – we offer them online. But generally, our customers value the presence, the face-to-face presence of the franchisees. That is – I think that is the point. The idea of providing up close and personal counseling and guidance on how the explanation of the tool, which are getting more, I guess, more complicated, more sophisticated and the guidance on how to use it, then the idea of providing credit up close and personal, and then the idea of having a replacement right there is what our franchisees and our customers seem to like. They could go online but they don’t necessarily avail themselves of that. Now if we thought we were getting pushed by that, we would be looking at it a little bit more, but hand tools are up and you would think that would be the number one product line that would be bought online since it’s less complicated than people tend to know hand tools. But the hand tools are up for the year. In fact, they’ve been more robust over the past couple of years. So that’s our kind of view of it. We try to use the online capabilities to enhance. It’s one of the things we try to do to enhance the efficiency of the franchisees in terms of their collections, in terms of the way they communicate with their customers on specials and those kinds of things. Those are the opportunities we see. We see the connection either through social media or traditional online, either Twitter, either Facebook or Twitter or in fact, texting or just email, not that many people use e-mail anymore. And for our franchisees to communicate and make our customers aware of things, that’s part of our view of online and enabling the franchisees to be more efficient.
David MacGregor: So how would online growth look for you right now?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think it’s not.
David MacGregor: Off a small base, obviously. But I’m just trying to get a sense of what…
Nick Pinchuk: It’s probably up some but not very significant. It’s not very significant because online for us, our customers are looking at the idea, the support they get from the franchisees. So what we try to do is keep that franchisee supported in place because it’s part of our advantage, and secondly, try to use whatever the electronic media is to enable the franchisees more, just as I said.
David MacGregor: Okay. Well, maybe I could follow up offline with you, it’s an interesting topic. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the conference back to Sara Verbsky for any additional or closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s call, and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-17 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Snap-on Third Quarter 2019 Results Investor Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma’am.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Abby, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s third quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on’s Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we’ll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website, along with the transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections, are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, is included in our earnings release and in our conference call slides on pages 14 through 17. Both can be found on our website. With that said, I’d now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. Today I’ll start with the highlights of our third quarter. I’ll give you update – an update on the environment and the trends we see. I’ll take you through some of the turbulence we’ve encountered and I’ll speak about our physical and financial progress. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of the financials. We believe that our third quarter again demonstrated Snap-on’s ability to continue its trajectory of positive results, overcoming periodic and regional variation. The full third quarter results did demonstrate encouraging elements of progress that were somewhat attenuated by turbulence and challenged geographies and by the impact of unfavorable foreign currency. Like the last quarter, we had continuing progress in the U.S., up overall 3.2% with clear growth across our operations and across our groups. And again, this quarter that advancement was muted by a continuing pause in Europe, primarily in the UK, but also in country – in the Nordic countries, in Germany and Italy, several of the bellwether markets. And as I’ve said, there was also a meaningful impact from currency translation and transaction. So we had significant headwinds, but once again, our advantages prevailed. Organic sales were up 1.4%. Sales gains in the critical industries in OEM dealerships and diagnostics and information for independent repair shop owners and continued growth in the U.S. van channel; advancements in hand tools, diagnostics, repair information, customized tool sets and software. It all combined to meet the turbulence and the variation and it moved us forward again. Opco operating income before financial services of $167.7 million compared to $173.1 million last year, and it included $4.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency. RCI was evident in the quarter, but it was not – it wasn’t able to offset the negative foreign currency, the weakness in Europe and the investments that we’re making in the field – in field support and training for the Tools Group that’s aimed at enabling our powerful new products. For financial services, operating income of $61 million grew $1.7 million from last year’s $59.3 million. That result combined with opco for a consolidated operating margin of 23.2% compared with 23.7% last year. Quarterly EPS at $2.96 was up $0.11 or 3.9% above last year – of last year’s $2.85 or 2.8% above last year’s adjusted EPS, which excludes the one-time U.S. tax legislation transition charge that was in the 2018 third quarter results. So now let’s speak about the markets. We believe the automotive repair environment continues to be favorable. The Tools Group had registered a similar performance to the second quarter with a rise in the U.S., being offset by turbulence in international geographies. We believe we occupy a position of significant potential with the Tools Group. Vehicles are getting more complex. Our products are clearly keeping pace. The face to face positioning of our franchisees are perfect to guide technicians in wielding those powerful devices effectively. It’s a great advantage in this changing environment and a considerable opportunity as we train our franchisees to provide that special guidance efficiently. On the other side of automotive repair – of auto repair, Repair Systems & Information or the RS&I Group, encouraging progress in the quarter, expanding Snap-on’s presence with repair shop owners and managers with a broad range of continually improving products; more intelligent, more comprehensive and more capable. The shops are changing and upgrading both dealerships and independents, and RS&I is capitalizing on that trend, helping the shop fix vehicles right the first time and it’s paying off. For the critical industries, verticals like military, education, aerospace, important segments, we see significant progress. We like the quarter for critical industries, we like the way they’re sounding and we like the way they’re trending. We do believe we’re well positioned to confront the challenges and make progress along our runways for growth. At the same time though, it’s clear that we have ongoing potential on our runways for improvement. The Snap-on Value Creation Processes, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation, Rapid Continuous Improvement or RCI, they’ve never been more important than these periods of multiple headwinds. They’re a constant driver of our progress, helping counter the turbulence, especially customer connection, understanding the work of professional technicians and innovation, matching that insight with technology. And in this quarter, Snap-on Value Creation, customer connection and innovation drove growth in the face of challenges and led to more prestigious product awards. Just in this quarter, Snap-on was prominently represented with 13 Professional Tool & Equipment News, PTEN, People’s Choice Awards. These are the awards where the actual users, the technicians make the selection. We have 13. We’re also recognized with six PTEN Innovation Awards, and we were honored with three MOTOR Magazine Top 20 awards. An essential driver of Snap-on growth, Snap-on’s power, is innovative product that makes work easier. It’s always been our strength. And these awards, hard won, are testimony that great Snap-on products just keep coming, matching the growing complexity of the task, maintaining forward progress. That’s the environment. Now we’ll move to the individual operating groups. Let’s start with C&I. Sales of $335.3 million in the quarter, increased $5.5 million, including $1.1 million from acquisitions and $5.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Organic growth was $9.5 million or 2.9% and that was gained pretty much across all the divisions. Operating margins were lower 14.4% versus the 16.1% recorded last year. That’s primarily reflecting critical – the critical industry sales being more weighted in this quarter towards the lower margin military sector. From a broad perspective, C&I focused on critical industries, outside the vehicle garage showed broad-based gains with another year-over-year increase now accomplished for 13 straight quarters. We continue to rise in critical industries. We see it as a very good positive. It’s a favorable market environment and we’re addressing it with innovative new products aimed at solving tasks of consequence and results encouraging. The third quarter did see advancements in new products like our new power tool, our new CT9075 half-inch cordless impact wrench, the best balance of power and weight in the market, a five-amp power lithium battery, 900 foot pounds of sustained bolting force, 1,250 foot pounds of breakaway torque. That’s big power. But beyond the power, the CT9075 it’s been designed and manufactured for long service life with best-in-class key components, high torque brushless motor, a full body impact hammer and a very robust anvil, with both the hammer and the anvil, key components for any power tool, any impact power tool, manufactured in our Murphy, North Carolina plant using special alloy steel, a material employed when superior toughness and superior strength are paramount. We believe and testing shows that our new impact has a clear durability advantage, holding its power for many more cycles even when removing the most tightly torque fasteners. When the work is critical, the CT9075 is the answer faster, more powerful, tougher. Now we only released it to a few of our regions, but where it’s been available, it’s been a huge hit. Word travels fast, and technicians all over the country are pumped. They want this tool. It’s already hit our $1 million product list and it’s on its way to much, much more. Customer connection showed us what we needed to make a difference, speed, durability and power and the CT9075 has all that and the market reception confirms it. In this quarter, from our FASTORQ acquisition, we also added to our industrial torque and tensioning key product lines from penetrating industrial – the critical industries. We added offerings by – torque and tensioning offerings by introducing the pneumatic SpinTORQ 360 degree torque wrench, utilizes a double-enveloping worm gear design. It’s unique. It’s a unique and focused product developed for critical industries and offering a significant speed advantage over standard ratcheting hydraulic wrenches because the SpinTORQ continually rotates the fastener, while – rather than turning what hydraulics – rather than doing what hydraulics do, turning a few degrees, ratcheting back and forth, and then repeating. Bolting time with the SpinTORQ is greatly reduced. But the new wrench, not only faster, it’s also operates with higher accuracy. A built-in torque control stall system delivers a bolting tension within plus or minus 5%, an uncommonly narrow range. It’s also safer. The secondary trigger design focuses operators, forces operators to keep their hands away from pinch points, avoiding serious accidents that can happen. It’s especially effective in oil and gas, power generation and mining where downtime is critical and higher travel distances for fasteners can be a significant time challenge. We launched SpinTORQ in July and as expected the reception of critical initiatives has been strong. Products like these aimed at tasks of increasing complexity that help drive our progress across the critical initiatives and we’ll keep working customer connection and innovation. So the advancements keep coming. C&I maintaining its momentum, extending in critical industries, moving Snap-on outside of the garage and it’s working. Now onto the Tools Group, organic sales flat, down 0.3%, continued growth in the U.S. up low single-digits, continued growth in the U.S. up low single-digits was offset again by variation internationally. Operating income in the quarter of $53 million, including the effect of negative foreign currency and the cost of investing in – was affected by negative currency and negative foreign currency and the cost of investing in more field support and training that compares to $59.3 million in 2018. Now the third quarter is when we hold our annual Snap-on Franchisee Conference or SFC. This year, it was in Washington, more than 8,000 people were there, franchisees, their guests and the Snap-on team. We had sales and profit growth seminars and extensive training and intelligent diagnostics. It was all combined with 141,000 square foot product expo, showcasing our latest innovations. For the franchisees, it’s an opportunity for learning, for touching and ordering new products and for recharging their Snap-on batteries. And for the company, it’s an opportunity to gauge our franchisees’ outlook on the business. Well, one measure order volume was up mid single-digits off the SFC with most product categories showing gains over last year. And I spoke to with many of the franchisees during the weekend and I can attest they display a lot of confidence in our business and considerable optimism in their future with Snap-on. We do believe our franchisees continue to grow stronger and we’re continuing to invest in their future. And if you are with us at DC, you could see it clearly. We’re investing in field support and training. We’re investing in building our franchisees’ ability to use their direct interface with technicians to communicate the unique capability of the Snap-on product line. We did that at the SFC and the diagnostic training session, well attended and well appreciated and it was a clear success. We have confidence in the power of our product line and there are real reasons for the confidence. You heard about the product awards. Well beyond that, there’s a continuous stream of other great new offerings, attention getters that make repairs easier and most of the challenges and attention getters that make repairs easier and meet the challenges of increasing vehicle complexity. You’re convinced of this when you see the innovations like our Snap-on FJ175, an exclusive 1.75 ton high performance aluminum jack manufactured in our Elkmont, Alabama facility. It’s only 47 pounds. One of the benefits of having aircraft grade aluminum chassis components, at that lightweight, it’s very portable, perfect for off – on the road repairs outside the garage. It’s capable of lifting up to 3,500 pounds. It elevates up to 18 inches and features a low entry point of 3.4 inches. It can accommodate the range of vehicles, low ride to hard ride, low ride to high ride that challenges the repair shops of today. It’s got a premium pump, improved hydraulics and higher compound ratio so it works effectively even with one hand, a considerable field advantage actually. The diamond knurl handle improves the grip and the unit’s portable design makes it great for a wide variety of situations. Now let’s talk about tool storage, among the new products launched, the SFC – SFC was the highly anticipated double-bank EPIQ utility vehicle both massive storage capacity of over 128,000 cubic inches. It’s dubbed the EUV. It’s a giant box. That includes our signature SpeeDrawer and Power Locker features that are aimed at making it easier for customers to keep their drawers organized and their power tools fully charged with five outlets and two USB ports. The new unit has clear visual appeal. It’s a design that evokes a race team pit way and everybody wants one. Striking 17 – it’s got striking 17 inch wheels and a number of unique custom details like a special Snap-on logo center wheel cap, a distinction that’s only available on the EUV. It’s available in several colors and it is a mobile monster and it’s still like it. It’s designed to handle the very large tool loads by reinforcing the standard corner gussets in a scene construction with additional top, bottom and side support, it’s our strongest ever roll cab and I kind of test, it was a center of attention at the SFC tool show, innovation and eye appeal, a winning combination. Well, that’s the Tools Group, enthusiastic SFC, continued growth in the U.S., and innovative new products driving the way forward. Now RS&I, organic sales were up 3.2% with mid-single-digit increases in both sales to OEM dealerships and sales of diagnostics and repair – sales of diagnostics and repair information to independent shops. Those gains were partially offset by a low-single-digit decline in the sales of undercar equipment, particularly reflecting weaker sales in Europe. Despite the higher mix of sales in OEM, essential programs, which tend to have a lower operating margin than the group average, RS&I OI margin was 25.8% quite strong, a rise of 10 basis points from the last year. Once again, RCI innovation and software drove the progress and overcame the headwinds. Our Mitchell 1 division continued to expand its array of industry-leading productivity solutions by releasing its latest edition of our pro-demand repair information software, which includes new enhancements to wiring and proponent diagrams, select the replacement part, pro-demand now opens a specific component diagram of that item, no needed to scroll through multiple pages, a big time saver. The new software also clearly highlights related wires in the surrounding harness, more time saved. Both of those productivity features are industry first and they’re quite popular. We also launched other great products in the period, products like our M525F enhanced digital multimeter, another of our next generation horizontal multimeters. The units has a larger four inch color display for easier reading and quicker symbol identification. Today, interpreting a wide range of electrical impulses is necessary for diagnosing the circuit or component problems of today’s vehicles. The new enhanced multimedia measures ohms and AC, DC voltage and true RMS, AC, DC amperage frequency and capacitance, and a rate covering most automotive electrical needs, and it’s safe. It’s safe for use on hybrid that’s confirmed by its CAT III 1,000 volt and CAT IV 600 volt hybrid safety ratings. In addition, it’s got some clever special operating conveniences like test lead storage and built-in tilt stand. Initial product launch was strong and made the multimeter another of our hit products. So to wrap up RS&I, growth in OEM dealerships improving position with repair shop – independent repair shop owners and managers, expanding product lines, maintaining and improving strong margins. Well, that’s the highlights of our quarter. C&I; continuing its positive trends, extending across critical industries, Tools Group; matching the rise in vehicle complexity, RS&I, expanding in the shop, building sales and profitability. Progress along our runways for coherent growth and advancements down our runways for improvement and EPS $2.96 in the quarter, 2.8% higher than last year, progress hard won against turbulence is encouraging. Now I’d turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results have summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $901.8 million in the quarter were up 0.4% reflecting a 1.4% organic sales gain, $2.9 million of acquisition related sales and $11.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales gain this quarter reflected low-single-digit growth in both the commercial and industrial and the Repair Systems and Information segments. Sales in the Snap-on Tools segment were essentially flat, but included low-single-digit gains in the U.S. franchise operations. Similar to last quarter, on a year-over-year basis, sales to customers in the United States increased across all segments while sales in Europe, particularly the United Kingdom, continue to exhibit weakness. Consolidated gross margin of 49.7% compared to 50.5% last year. The 80 basis point decrease primarily reflects increased sales in lower gross margin businesses, 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, partially offset by savings from RCI initiatives. The operating expense margin of 31.1% improved 10 basis points from 31.2% last year. Operating earnings before financial services of $167.7 million, including $4.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $173.1 million last year. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 18.6%, including 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to 19.3% last year. Financial services revenue of $84.1 million and operating earnings of $61 million increased 2.6% and 2.9%, respectively, from 2018, primarily reflecting year-over-year growth in our financial services portfolio. Consolidated operating earnings of $228.7 million, including $4.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $232.4 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin of 23.2% compared to 23.7% last year. Our third quarter effective income tax rate of 23.5% compared to 24% last year. During Q3 2018, our tax rate included a 90 basis point charge related to the implementation of tax legislation in the United States. Finally, net earnings on $164.6 million, $2.96 per share, including a $0.06 unfavorable impact associated with foreign currency compared to $163.2 million or $2.85 per share a year ago. In Q3 2018, excluding a $0.03 per share charge related to taxes, adjusted earnings per share was $2.88. Now let’s turn to our segment results. Starting with C&I Group on Slide 7, sales of $335.3 million in the quarter increased 1.5%, reflecting a 2.9% organic sales gain and $1.1 million of acquisition-related sales, partially offset by $5.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic growth included a mid-single-digit gain in our specialty tools business, as well as low-single-digit increases in both the segment’s European-based hand tools business and to customers in critical industries, particularly sales to the U.S. military. Gross margin of 37.9% decreased 170 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to increased sales and lower gross margin businesses, including the aforementioned sales to the military. The operating expense margin of 23.5% was unchanged from last year. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $48.3 million decreased $4.7 million from last year, and the operating margin of 14.4% compared to 16.1% in 2018. Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $385.2 million decreased 1.2%, primarily due to $3.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Organic sales were essentially flat, reflecting a mid-single-digit decline internationally, partially offset by a low-single-digit increase in the United States. Gross margin of 43.4% including 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects decreased 20 basis points from last year. The operating expense margin of 29.6% increased from 28.4% last year, primarily due to higher field support investments. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $53 million, including $2.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, decreased $6.3 million from last year, while the operating margin of 13.8%, including 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to 15.2% in 2018. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $322.7 million increased 2.6%, reflecting a 3.2% organic sales gain and $1.8 million of acquisition related sales, partially offset by $3.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase includes mid-single-digit gains in both sales to OEM dealerships and in sales of diagnostics and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers. These increases were partially offset by a low-single-digit decline in sales of undercar equipment, reflecting weaker sales in Europe. Gross margin of 47.7% decreased 100 basis points from 48.7% last year, primarily due to the increased sales to OEM dealerships through the equipment solutions operation, which tend to have lower gross margins and lower operating expenses associated with such activity. The operating expense margin of 21.9% improved 110 basis points from 23% last year, primarily due to the aforementioned effect of higher sales to OEM dealerships and benefits from RCI initiatives. Operating earnings from the RS&I Group of $83.3 million increased $2.6 million from last year, and the operating margin of 25.8% compared to 25.7% a year ago. Now turning to Slide 10. Operating earnings from financial services of $61 million increased 2.9% versus the third quarter of 2018. Revenue of $84.1 million was up 2.6% from a year ago. Financial services expenses of $23.1 million compared to $22.7 million last year. As a percentage of the portfolio, financial services expenses were 1.1% in the third quarters of both 2019 and 2018. The average yield on finance receivables was 17.7% in the third quarter of 2019 and in the third quarter of 2018. The average yield on contract receivables was 9.2% in both periods. Total loan originations of $253.5 million decreased $13.5 million or 5.1%, primarily due to a decrease in originations of finance receivables, resulting from lower year-over-year Snap-on Tools franchisee sales of big-ticket items that utilize extended credit. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.1 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.8 billion from our U.S. operation. Our worldwide gross financial services portfolio grew $12.3 million in the third quarter. The 60-day-plus delinquency rate of 1.7% for U.S. extended credit remains stable and reflects the seasonal increase we typically experience in the third quarter. As it relates to extended credit for finance receivables, the largest portion of the portfolio, trailing 12 month net losses of $49.9 million, represented 2.97% of outstandings at quarter end, down 3 basis points sequentially, supporting continued stabilization of the portfolio’s credit metric performance. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $131.1 million in the quarter, increased $1.3 million from comparable 2018 levels, primarily do the higher net earnings. Net cash used by investing activities of $76.8 million included net additions to finance receivables of $15.4 million, capital expenditures of $29.6 million and $29.6 million for the acquisition of Cognitran, which specializes in flexible, modular and highly scalable software as a service products for OEM customers and their dealers. Net cash used by financing activities of $49.5 million included cash dividends of $52.3 million and the repurchase of 400,000 shares of common stock for $59.7 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of the end of September, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $390.6 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable decreased $7.8 million from 2018 year end. Days sales outstanding of 66 days compared to 67 days in 2018 year end. Inventories increased $79.7 million from 2018 year end, primarily to support higher levels of demand across critical industries, including demand for U.S. manufactured hand tools, new products as well as to improve service levels to our customers. On a trailing 12 month basis, inventory turns of 2.6 compared to 2.9 at year end 2018. Our quarter end cash position of $167.5 million increased $26.6 million from 2018 year end levels. Our net debt-to-capital ratio decreased to 23.5% from 24.2% at year end 2018. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $800 million in available credit facilities as we entered into a new five year $800 million multi-currency revolving credit facility on September 16, which amends and restates the previous facility. As of quarter end, we had $218.8 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding, an increase of $41.7 million since year end 2018. That concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance, and I’ll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, that’s our third quarter. The results demonstrate encouraging elements of progress attenuated by turbulent geographies and by unfavorable perms. Overall organic growth at 1.4%, the results of progress in the U.S. growing at 3.2% challenged by slippage in Europe, where sales decreased and slide – and there was slides in the UK, the Nordic countries and German. The Tools Group about flat, decreasing 0.3% continued modest growth in the U.S. offset by international turbulence, increasing vehicle complexity matched by powerful new products and investment in training, making it possible for the franchisees to sell our enhanced offerings and the unique capabilities that they have effectively. Enabling franchisees to leverage their face to face advantage. C&I up 2.9% organically, with each division contributing to the continuing extension in critical industries and RS&I rising 3.2% organically, further progress and expanding with OEM dealerships and independent shop, hardware and software driving growth. Overall OI margin of 18.6%, down 70 basis points, but still strong given the turbulence. It all came together for an EPS of $2.96, up 2.8% as adjusted, despite the challenges. Our markets, vehicle technicians, critical industries, emerging economies, and repair shop owners and managers offer ongoing opportunity and we believe we have the position, the capability and the focus to take advantage of those possibilities and to continue our positive trend through the end of this year and on into 2020 and beyond. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I’ll talk directly to our franchisees and associates. I know many of you are listening. When I speak of position of capability in a focus, I speak of you. The gains we’ve made and the advancements we anticipate reflect your extraordinary contributions. For the progress you’ve achieved, you have my congratulations and for your unfailing commitment and dedication to our team, you have my thanks. Now I’d turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: Hey, good morning everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Gary Prestopino.
Gary Prestopino: Thanks. Hey Nick, could you maybe just give us your best guess and your thoughts on if we get a Brexit deal, how that is – how that impacts your UK, as well as your European business?
Nick Pinchuk: It’s hard to judge, but what – it’s like this, the pound, just talking about the pound, it’s worth 40% of the profit impact and about a third of the sales impact. UK, if you think about it, the way our business is a rig, we have a number of businesses in UK, but it’s a place where technicians own their own tools. So Tools Group has a particularly strong position there. So a lot of the markets were kind of exposed in the UK, I think it might be the second or third largest market for us. If it gets better, first of all, if the current goes positive, that’s one good thing for us. And then secondly, I think, my view is, is that there hasn’t been an organized areas, an organized economy, an economic or commercial angst that equals Brexit in a long time. And so you can hear it from the marketplace that people are worried about the future, what’s going to happen commercially and therefore they focused more on the items that only have short paybacks, that gets resolved all that changes. So I think they’re – if you think about it as our second or third largest market, it comes back to normal I don’t know the time constants to which it comes back to normal, but I have to believe it’s pretty good. Pretty quick.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you. That’s all.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay. Sure.
Gary Prestopino: And then, could you maybe just comment on what kind – did you see any growth in the tool storage area year-over-year? Given that you’ve put out a whole bunch of new products out there?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, well the tool storage, what you want to look at is the tool storage out of the SFC and we did see growth out of the SFC, so that’s the big events in this quarter. I’ve always say the third quarter is squarely, you can’t figure any – you can’t extrapolate any trends out of the third quarter, particularly because we had people coming back from vacations and the distributors in Europe are off for part of it, but also because we have the SFC and that creates variations in the behaviors of the franchisees, they usually wait for this and a lot of it has to do with – the success with tool storage has to do with how it came out of the SFC and it came out okay out of the SFC.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much.
Nick Pinchuk: Good.
Operator: We will take our next question from David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker: All right. Good morning everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Aldo Pagliari: Hi, David.
David Leiker: Nick or Aldo, on the Tools Group, we’ve talked about this, but I just want to dig through this. The higher spending level is not driving revenue and that’s a missing part of the equation of this story. So I guess – is the issue there that, that spending – how do you measure the effectiveness of that spending, if that’s working?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, here look, I think, actually it’s pretty simple. You’re looking for more sales. So I think that’s certainly it. So the ultimate measure is to see more sales and we did see diagnostics, this sort of – we had pretty good focus on diagnostics to the SFC, those seminars were well attended. The feedback we got, I got personally and we got generally from the people in the surveys is very good about the attendance and the roll out of the SFC to take up out of the SFC was pretty good. Now what happens is the SFC product ends up being late in the quarter, so you can’t really judge by the third, it’s a very iffy thing and it rolls into the fourth quarter and so on. So it’s hard to judge whether that particularly had an effect on sales or not, but that’s the ultimate test. We’re doing it, so sales go up, you know what I mean? We’re convinced though, that, part of this has to do with the products are getting more complex and it takes unless you’re very, very practiced at selling it, it eats up time. And I’ve been saying for a dog’s age, how much the time of a franchisee is a scarce resource, so it bumps up against our selling capacity. Actually, the motion of the market bumps up again and that’s what we’re trying to do, we’re trying to unleash that. But sales are the basis for it.
David Leiker: Yes. So this spend I think is predominantly in the U.S. market, right?
Nick Pinchuk: Pretty much. Because – look, despite this U.S. market we think is okay, the other markets are kind of afflicted.
David Leiker: Yes. So if you look at the U.S. market, I mean low-single-digits here, I think you might’ve been mid-single-digit the quarter before, does that imply that spend is working the way you want it or are you trying to get sales higher?
Nick Pinchuk: We’re trying to get sales higher.
Aldo Pagliari: The sales were also low-single-digit in Q2.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. They were low-single-digit, we’re trying to get sales high. That’s true, I mean that’s the whole thing. This is a situation that we believe the market is there. We believe we have the products that can take that market. We see those products having some frictions in the way our business operates in terms of the way they sell. And so we have to make it more efficient, that’s why we’re spending on this. But we’re pretty confident that that’s going to work. And by the way, the franchisees tell us, I just had a franchisee tell me that he got training and then he conducted training for technicians. It’s all about telling the technicians how to wheel these products and he sold a lot of diagnostics. So we hear a lot of windshield surveys about this kind of approach working for us and the training having positive effect. But it hasn’t played out in the numbers yet because I don’t think we saw after the SFC the – we haven’t got a full results there for the SFC based on calendarization
David Leiker: So let me ask you one other piece on the same topic. So the spend isn’t driving the sales, is that because there is a lag between those and we’re still waiting on that? Is that because of what you’re doing isn’t working, you need to continue to tweak it and find something else? What’s your thought?
Nick Pinchuk: No, look, I think we think our – it’s working better. We will continue to tweak it every quarter, we’ll continue to tweak it, because this kind of thing, you need to keep making it better and better, that’s the thing. But it’s not because we don’t think the current – we actually were very encouraged by the results – by the feedback we got after the SFC. But in terms of reporting, we got to see the sales and if we don’t see the sales, we’re start tweaking again and we’ll probably keep tweaking anyway, like we tweaked the Rock ‘n Roll Cab. All that time it was growing, it wasn’t static.
David Leiker: Okay. And then just one other item, although on the working capital you went through some of the comments as it relates sequentially, quarter-to-quarter, if you look at the year-to-date number or even year-over-year, there’s about a $100 million that went into working capital. Some of that’s going to be currency, some of that’s going to be acquisitions. But can you talk about what the pieces of that are and break that a part for us?
Aldo Pagliari: Sure. David, actually, you and Nick have been talking about a big piece of it. Actually, if you look at the year-over-year variance, 65% of the increase is attributable to the Snap-On Tools Group. If you look at it in the quarter, 85% of the variance is related to the Snap-On Tools Group. So one thing, we think there is more opportunities to be had. The inventory is there to try to capture those opportunities as they manifest themselves. Second, what makes it – the order is taken to the SFC, we’re well above the sales that we had in terms of the quarter. So while orders don’t necessarily equals sales, we like having stronger orders coming out of the SFC and that’s why we feel pretty good that the inventory we have built as a home to go to as we roll through the future quarters.
David Leiker: Okay. Thanks.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: We will take our next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Aldo Pagliari: Hi, Bret.
Bret Jordan: Nick, I guess all those questions for you. On corporate expense and obviously controlled number this quarter, should we be thinking about sort of a lower corporate expense over time? I think you used to sort of guide to that and the number was north of 90, but is something structurally going on now?
Nick Pinchuk: I think the right ongoing pace of corporate expense, if you look at it runs between $20 million to $23 million per quarter, so we’re under that. I hate to say the reason we’re under it, because variable compensation is down significantly, actually accounts for most of the differential. So obviously, if we start to achieve the type of sales targets and you’ve heard us talk about and operating performance, we would expect that to return to a more normal level. And so I’m not going to give you a quarter-by-quarter estimate. We still hold true to our long-term run rates, that corporate would be in the $90 million to $95 million range would be more appropriate. This year we just hit our own targets.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then on – question on sort of follow-up question on the inventory, the working capital question. I think in the prepared remarks you talked about it being higher for – anticipate a critical industry demand, but then on that last response you were talking about a fair amount of the working capital growth being tools related. Do you have visibility on this critical industry ordering that the inventory that you’re building is going to get sold out? Is there sort of a build of inventory in advance of the sale or is this sort of more speculative inventory growth?
Nick Pinchuk: Actually, on the critical industry side it’s less speculative, it’s actually more made to order the problem that you have, I guess, you can say it here, the fact that we manage – I don’t know if it’s a happy problem or a difficult problem, hand tool volume in the Tools Group has never been higher. It’s putting a lot of demand for all the resources that we have in our manufacturing plants that are dedicated to hand tools. In addition, the projects that are very specific that are in the hands of our industrial division that serves a critical industries have a lot of hand tool content. It’s a nature of the timing of how these projects unfold, many times you’ve bid them as much as a year earlier when they’re finally awarded and get funding, sometimes it takes quarters of lag. So what you have is you’ve doubled down on demand at the same time coming out of our hand tool factories. So to answer your question, on the industrial side, it’s not speculative. You can always argue that on the tool side, while we try to control the pace of demand to some extent with our product offerings and our promotions and what we intend to offer, it is a little bit more short-term in that will live hand to mouth in the Tools Group, right, in terms of the order book. On the critical industry side, there is more of a backlog, so we know what our customers want, we have the Tools Group that actually has to supply to both, but the Industrial Group itself doesn’t have factories. The Tools Group is the key supplier to the Industrial Group.
Bret Jordan: Yes. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning everyone. Just to hang up on the inventory discussion while we’re on that topic, how does this 2.6 times turnover compared with targeted levels? What is – how should we be thinking about kind of a normalized number there?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, I think the question is more like this, is that, I don’t think, we kind of look at ourselves to make sure that we have the appropriate inventory in place, and it’s not so much a target. I wouldn’t say the target is an independent variable. What we target is the return on net operating assets because one of the situations where we keep expanding our product offerings, so that keeps adding to inventory. Our principal, primary drive is the RONA bit calculation as opposed to the inventory turn calculation.
David MacGregor: Okay. Conspicuous – I guess conspicuous is the absence from the discussion of the Tools segment this quarter was RCI. And I guess the question is do you feel you’ve kind of approached the limits of what’s achievable in the near-term in terms of margin there?
Nick Pinchuk: No. I think I said in – you can’t cover everything in these calls. So I – the thing is it’s like this is that generally, RCI is operating pretty well, but this is a time of periodic challenge. There are a lot of things going on. For example, you have currency. You have some of these higher costs in investing in the Tools Group. Both of those are in great factor in the Tools Group. On the other end and as well, you do have some material costs floating through. Normally we don’t mention material costs, but they’re not matched with such other challenges. So RCI didn’t really offset those, so we didn’t talk about them. RCI was a counterbalance though to some of them. I mean if you look at the Tools Group, one of the things that’s kind of interesting of the Tools Group, if you look at the gross margin, the gross margin is down 20 basis points, again, 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency. So at the gross margin level, you can see, if you just hone in on that, you can see the effects of RCI.
David MacGregor: On the operating expenses, I guess you talked about higher field support investments. I guess a question for Aldo, how long will it take these investments to leverage in the margins?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, it’s a good question. I don’t want to give you a quarter-by-quarter guidance. To kind of indirectly answer this or I directly answered it, I guess, earlier on, we believe in what we’re doing. It doesn’t mean you meet with immediate success. One key differentiator, David, for Snap-on, as you well know, is we’re up close and personal. That’s what we’re all about. That differentiates us from the crowd. In terms of our franchisees, that means to have to be on-site delivering great expertise to help customers solve problems out of the variety of.42,000 SKUs that they represent in the backdrop, which means we have to make sure that our guys are trained to be effective in delivering that message and do it in a very narrow time constant. They only have so many minutes that they can spend. So we find there’s better ways to do it, and that’s what we’ve been embracing. We accentuated that at the SFC, and we are very pleased that we had, I think, well over 1,200 attendees at our – as an example, our diagnostic training session, which tends to be a complicated product. So we believe the franchisees recognize the importance of ongoing training for themselves and when they have assistance, their teams, and we’re going to continue to reinforce that and we’re not going to abandon our approach to differentiate Snap-on on that basis. So I hope we get the returns very quickly. I can’t guarantee that and we’ll continue to invest in that channel though to make sure that they are par excellence as opposed to the competition.
Nick Pinchuk: So we see it as a kind of strategic advantage. One of the things about it, cars are getting more complex. The way to fix them are with these very elaborate products, but the elaborate products cannot actually be effectively wielded without face to face guidance and training and coaching that our franchisees are well positioned to do. The problem is if they’re not really good at it, it’ll eat up a lot of their time. That’s why we’re so high on this training and focused on it. Take advantage of that strategic…
David MacGregor: Thanks for that detail. Last question for me is just we keep talking about organic growth in the Tool segment and it’s been a real challenge and frustrating for you, I’m sure. I guess I’m trying to understand some of the structural underpinnings behind the situation. I wonder if you could just talk about the extent to which you feel franchisee attrition is a headwind in achieving that 4% goal.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay. A lot of – there are a lot of ways to think about this. I mean, franchisee attrition can be a headwind. I mean, certainly to the extent you have retirement, where the people who have been in place for a long time, sometimes it’s hard to – to replace them. So certainly in one point in time if you have more turn-ins, even if you – and like this quarter, we basically had turn-ins and we didn’t lose any franchisees and we filled up those routes immediately, but there is a startup period. So that’ll set you back a little bit. But on the other hand, in many cases when you put a fresh pair of hands in, an enthusiastic fresh pair of hands that’s starting out, they are smoking and the numbers go up. So I think you kind of balance those two. I’m not sure you can say for sure, it might be a temporal situation for a short period of time, but I kind of think when we replace people it’s okay.
David MacGregor: Thanks, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Curtis Nagle with Bank of America.
Curtis Nagle: Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks very much taking the call.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning, Curt.
Curtis Nagle: How are you guys doing?
Aldo Pagliari: We’re surviving, buddy.
Curtis Nagle: Okay, good. So, yes, just I guess two quick ones on capital. It looks like CapEx, I think kicked up a little bit. Just curious what that’s accounted for.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, new product. I mean, the thing is that we’re expanding products. So you heard, I think we both mentioned that hand tools are pretty strong in the quarter, and so you’re expanding that. And all that new product I went through in my discussion that is often backed up by factory positioning, but particularly the hand tool business, which is very highly integrated. So that’s what’s driving that a lot. And then also we invest because we turn out so many new products, we tend to invest in the ability to just to design those products and to figure out how we can prototype faster and so on, things like direct laser metal sintering and 3D and so on. And Mitchell 1, we’re expanding in Mitchell 1, we’re putting them in a bigger building because they’re so profitable and has done so well. Mitchell 1 has been – if you’ve been listening to the calls, have been every quarter doing very well and they’re a high profitability company, so we want to enable them as much as possible.
Curtis Nagle: Okay, understood. And then, yes, just kind of on a related topic, in terms of executions for buybacks. Looks like it’s a good bit below last year, at least up through 3Q. So I guess, how should we think about that? Perhaps you’ll have a pickup in 4Q? Or is there something else that’s holding you back at the moment?
Aldo Pagliari: Actually, I’ll answer that, Curtis. Actually, it’s a little bit more similar than you realize. If you look back in Q3, there was a lot of share option exercise that occurred in the quarter. So if you look at the net share repurchase, it actually is very similar. It was $58 million this year versus $59.9 million last year. So actually similar in that regard. Having said that, we look at share opportunities in terms of repurchase effort, we look at where the stocks at relative to the market, what is the backdrop, how much volatility is in the marketplace and things of that nature. So it’s hard to say with exactitude what one’s going to buy in any quarter, but it was an opportunity to buy in the quarter and we did. And if you look on a trailing 12-month basis, we’ve been on pace to buy a little over 2% of the outstanding shares of the company. So it’s something that we look at each and every quarter and talk to the Board about what we should devote to this activity and we have authorization to be flexible. So at this point in time we’re in pretty good shape.
Curtis Nagle: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Yes, good morning. Thanks. Wondering where you might be seeing macro impacts of the well known economic slowdown there – out there. I know many of your markets sync to their own tune to a little bit of a degree, but you are diversified. So wondering where you’re seeing some of those impacts.
Nick Pinchuk: Say that again. Where you’re seeing the impacts of economics on the markets?
Christopher Glynn: The slower macro there, with the caveat that I know some of your access to markets operate a little independently of short-term macro fluctuations. Just wondering…
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, look, I think, we – okay, I got it. I think we think the U.S. is pretty good. I think U.S. business is – if you look at the macros in the U.S. in terms of technician wages, went up 3.6% year-over-year. And the investment – the nominal investment in the car – the real investment in the car repair went up 2.5%, so – and the miles driven went up. So I think that’s pretty positive. And we kind of feel that when we do the windshield surveys out in the marketplace. So we think that’s a good business. I mean, the industrial business in the U.S. was okay for us in the quarter. It again was very good. I think when you talk to people in industrial and the bigger companies, they’re a little more muted in their views of the world, but still we think that’s okay. I think Europe, the UK and Germany were particularly more difficult. I don’t know, I think that’s all Brexit related though. Both of those are related in terms of Brexit. In Asia-Pacific, China is a kind of, I would say squirrely market these days. And it was kind of flattish this quarter, maybe down just a little bit, but you see China having a little bit more difficulties in terms of the – I suppose in psychology of commercial advancement these days. So I think you see that. I think Australia; we’ve seen Australia coming off the bubble I think commodity related and so on, the latest commodity downturn.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And on the SOT margins…
Nick Pinchuk: Yes.
Christopher Glynn: As it’s been sort of a flattish or below target for some times as just addressed, I’m wondering if that your – there’s maybe a structural reset in the margins we should anticipate as you kind of create a cost structure to see the next succession of higher organic compounding, and maybe the channel investment you’re putting in now is maybe a step in that direction. Just curious wanted to float that concept by you.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think, look – I think, Chris, the gross margins now okay, generally. I mean, there’s a lot of variation. Like I said, those margins has been okay and we’re investing a little bit in the business, and so I do believe we’re going to stay at that level for some time. Even if sales come back, the plan is we’re investing in that, we’re enabling the franchisees and the sales go up. As a percent of sales, they don’t – you kind of fall away and of course profitability goes up. That’s the idea. I don’t think we’re looking to – that is an ad which we’re going to keep for awhile, but we are – that’s what we think is going to work.
Christopher Glynn: So you’re not working out a fundamental resizing of the SG&A side, necessarily?
Nick Pinchuk: No, no, no, no, because we think we know the problem.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, great. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Scott Stember with CL King.
Scott Stember: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions.
Aldo Pagliari: Hi, Scott.
Scott Stember: Aldo, you made a comment about within tools that the hand tool demand was – has never been higher. Can you maybe just give us some of the sub-segments within Tools how hand tools ditch tool storage, power tools and all that kind of, and diagnostics?
Aldo Pagliari: Sure. Hand tools is and has been the biggest category for the Snap-on Tools Group. And again, it’s had a very robust year. By design to some extent, I mean, because we’ve introduced a lot of new products in that area. We’ve put together a lot of nice promotional packages in that area. It’s resonated with the franchisees and seems to be resonating in the uptake of their customer base. So again hand tools has not dissipated whatsoever even with the advent of more complexity in cars. Next important product lines, typically is the tool storage and diagnostics. Tool storage tends to be right up there. And this quarter diagnostics was actually better. Diagnostics did quite well off the Tools Group. And again, you’ve been hearing us talk a little bit about emphasis. So any quarter, Scott, you get variation depending on what the team is emphasizing. In this particular quarter, diagnostics was a little bit more accentuated; training that we’ve talked about already and things of that nature. And power tools is more an issue of timing. Power tools was not as big in the quarter for sales to the Tools Group, but the order book for power tools looks pretty good. And Nick talked that like – some of the new product features on the half-inch impact and we expect that’s going to have pretty good fourth quarter even though we don’t give guidance kind of in the future quarters. So that’s kind of the lay of the land.
Nick Pinchuk: See, the thing about hand tools is it’s been up strong for several quarters. But that’s what leads to the Aldo’s comments that the demand is very, very robust because that’s been pretty steady, higher and higher. It’s going fairly well because of the expansive things like the FDX, the Flank Drive Extra, spreading out over the wrenches, get people to say, oh, I need a new set of wrenches because this is the new wrenching system and it’s much more effective. So they sign up for that. So the hand tool product line has been particularly robust and has resonated with customers and it’s been for several quarters. That’s what leads to the question of the factories.
Scott Stember: Yes. And just – could you just give us some commentary up mid singles, high singles and maybe for a couple of the other sub-segments as well, some actual numbers?
Aldo Pagliari: You’re talking about Tools Group or the other groups now?
Scott Stember: Yes, within Tools Group, maybe how the hand tool was up mid singles, high singles?
Aldo Pagliari: Our hand tools was up mid-single digits and diagnostics is up strong, even stronger than that. Power tools as I said, it was down for them in the quarter and tool storage was more reflective of timing down a bit, but again, the order book for tool storage looked pretty good at the show. So again, orders don’t necessarily equal sales, but a nice order book coming out of the SFC related to tool storage.
Nick Pinchuk: And in the third quarter, the general view was more or less what happens in the orders out of the SFC. And generally, they were mostly – in fact, I think they were, all those categories we talked about were up mid – lower mid-single digits. So it came out relatively strong. I think the SFC itself was up mid-single digit.
Scott Stember: All right. And within RS&I, could you maybe just quantify how sales work in your company versus outside of the Tool Group, meaning to outside whether it was a dealerships, just quantify what the numbers were?
Nick Pinchuk: Wow. I think that the intercompany sales is principally the sales of diagnostics. There’s some equipment that sells through there too. I think the diagnostics were up reasonably strong in the quarter, reasonably strong in the quarter. They get sold not exclusively, but principally to the Tools Group and they were up I think mid-single digits in a quarter, so we had that. And then, Aldo already told you that the sales by the Tools Group was positive, so that’s a nice balance. And then equipment I think was flat to down, a little bit down in the quarter for the Tools Group. And those were the primary intercompany sales. The rest of the stuff, like I said, you had actually, the way you think about RS&I is, is the sales to the OEM businesses generally tends to be a little bit low margin – little lower margin, lower SG&A. That was up about double digits I think really well. The sales to the independent repair shops with the software diagnostics were also up mid single-digit. So – and the equipment business was down a little bit driven by weakness in Europe.
Scott Stember: Got it. And lastly on FX, last quarter, last couple of quarters you gave – the earnings impact was to the bottom line. What was it this quarter? And also – go ahead, I’m sorry.
Nick Pinchuk: It was about $0.06.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes. Previous quarter, Scott, it was $0.08 of bad news. This quarter it got a little better at $0.06 and I expect that trend is kind of what I’d look at in Q4. Again, currencies never stay where they’re at. But if they do, it’ll be slightly less headwind than the bottom line and Q4 currencies stay where they’re at the end of the quarter here.
Scott Stember: Got it. That’s all I have. Thanks, again.
Nick Pinchuk: Thank you.
Operator: And with no additional questions, I would like to turn the call back to Sara Verbsky, for any additional or closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s call and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Second Quarter 2019 Results Investor Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I turn the conference over to Snap-on's Vice President of Investor Relations, Sara Verbsky. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's second quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions.  As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website, along with the transcript of today's call.  Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections, are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings.  Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, is included in our earnings release and in our conference call slides on pages 14 through 17. Both can be found on our website.  With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I'll start with the highlights of our quarter. I'll speak about the general environments, the trends we see, some of the headwinds we've encountered, and I'll talk about our progress. Then Aldo will give you a more detailed review of the financials. We believe that our second quarter again demonstrates Snap-on's ability to continue with the trajectory of positive results, overcoming both ongoing headwinds and the period-to-period variations, the variations of the current environment. We are encouraged by the results. like every quarter, we had turbulence from geography to geography and from operation to operation. North American -- North America was positive, with clear growth in that region across our operations and our groups. In this quarter, that progress was attenuated by a slowdown in Europe and the U.K., but also in the other some important markets like Germany.  An example of that variation was evident in the Tools Group where overall organic sales were about flat. We had gains in the U.S. that were offset by organic decreases in international markets.  There was also a meaningful impact from currency in the quarter, translation and transactions, significant headwind. So there was variation. But once again, I think you can say our strengths prevailed.  Now the results. Second quarter. As reported sales were $951.3 million flat, down 0.3%, but it included a $19.5 million or a 200 basis point impact from unfavorable foreign currency and an incremental $1.1 million from acquisition. On an organic basis, sales grew 1.6%. The opco OI was $189.9 million, declined $3.2 million, but more than accounted for by $5.9 million in negative foreign exchange. Opco OI percent for the quarter was 20%, down 20 basis points from last year, again due to negative currency, but still representing the second highest level recorded by the corporation in its current configuration.  For financial services, operating income grew to $60.6 million from last year's $57.8 million. That results combined with opco to raise our consolidated operating margin to 20.2 -- 24.2%, basically flat since 2018. EPS was $3.22, up $0.10. So those are the numbers. From an overall macro market perspective, we do believe the automotive repair arena remains favorable. For the Tools Group, the technicians, we did see headwinds in certain economically impacted geographies like the U.K. and Australia, but we also sought continued gains in the U.S. And as we look forward, we do see further opportunities for advancements as the vehicle techs encounter even more complex repairs.  The other side of auto repair, Repair Systems and Information, or the RS&I group, encouraging progress in the quarter, expanding our Snap-on's presence with repair shop owners and managers, capitalizing on a broader product line, a return to growth with the rise in the OEM programs. We like RS&I's potential moving forward. The repair shop is changing, upgrading. Both dealership and independent shops in RS&I is capitalizing on that trend with database solutions, great software products like our continually improving and gaining Mitchell 1 car and truck repair information software; powerful databases that are easy to use, helping the shop fix it right the first time and efficiently.  For the commercial industrial group, the other piece of our -- the other market we play in, or the C&I group, sales were up across a number of sectors and geography and the critical industry's significant growth in the military. And our specialty torque division, an ongoing upward trend, meeting the need, which we always said for increased precision authored by more automated systems and growing momentum in new markets in C&I in markets like India, which has become a real strong strength for us. So overall, the results remain favorable.  Tools Group. Continued improvement in the U.S., offset by headwinds in international markets, RS&I, resurgence in OEM dealerships and continued strength in repair information offerings and gains in multiple sectors and geographies across C&I. That progress outweighed the challenges, and results confirm it. And the strong operating income margin clearly demonstrated once again the leverage and the power of Snap-on Value Creation, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and Rapid Continuous Improvement. Snap-on Creation developing new products and solutions, borne out of insights and observations gathered at our customers' workplaces, which together with RCI, helped again drive the progress and overcame the current difficulties. That's the macro overview. Let's move to the segments.  In the C&I group, organic sales were up $6.2 million or 1.9%. Now including $10.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency and an additional $1.1 million of -- from our acquisitions, second quarter as reported volume declined $2.8 million. From an earnings perspective, C&I operating income was $48.9 million, about the same as last year. Operating margin was 14.6%, 10 basis points better.  We've mentioned in April the pieces of this are these: that we mentioned in April the importance of torque in a world of increasing autonomous operation and precision. Well, that makes the positive performance of our specialty torque division, a high single-digit increase in volume in the quarter particularly encouraging.  Europe overall was challenged, but SNA Europe delivered yet another quarter of sales growth achieved in a difficult environment in critical industries, variation across the segments, but overall, it was up showing positive progress and a promising outlet -- outlook. We're confident and committed to extending in critical industries. 11 straight quarters of growth authored by our strengthening lineup of innovative new products matched to the test. Our military segment had a strong quarter, capturing significant long-term contracts and product breadth and strength; a positive difference. And as I said, our torque business has been marching upwards, becoming a clear success story. And our recent innovation played a big part in that. Innovation evident in great new products like the ATech FR125 electronic torque wrench, launched early -- it was launched early in the quarter. It's got an extended range up to 125-foot pound, and it's enabled with our new torque angle adjustment capability.  These days, automotive repair and maintenance procedures require a torque above 100-foot pound. And the new ATech 125 produced in our City of Industry California plant covers those expanded requirements. But beyond the torque capability, the unit has a stronger pivot point, utilizes our rugged dual 80 ratchet design. Combining both of those, the pivot point and the ratchet design, the 80 tooth ratchet design combining for more durability.  It also comes with our patent pending. This is a cool thing, Multi Axis Gyro Compensation system. So that automatically adjusts torque results when the ratchet head is angled. So it provides and produces significantly greater accuracy when making measurements.  Accuracy, versatility, durability; all-in-one. Technicians all over are looking to replace multiple mechanical wrenches with a single ATech 125. Snap-on's already the leader in electronic torque, and the ATech 125 makes us stronger and that will become more important as we go forward. The first shipments were delivered in April, and sales have been robust.  Also in the last quarter, helping to mitigate some of the geographic turbulence, we launched a new window scale torque wrench in Europe, the Bahco 74W. It's aimed specifically at European -- or to the preferences of our European customers. It's produced by our recently acquired Norbar operation, and you know that's in the U.K., with the chemical resistance -- it's got its chemical resistant soft-touch handle using the well-regarded Bahco ergonomic design tools, makes for a really comfortable feel when you use the wrench. Each wrench also features a durable and accurate clicking mechanism that provides tactile and audible signals and is capable of standing 100,000 cycle, so it's quite durable.  Consistent with the present -- also consistent with the preferences of Europe's techs, settings on the 74W can be quickly adjusted using a built-in window showing a dual scale for Newton meters or foot pounds. It's quite different than what we use in the U.S. in terms of the way we see torque, affording greater clarity and ease when reading torque value. Sales of the overall European torque line have increased double digits since the launch. 74W is shaping up to be quite a success for us. Well, that's C&I, a promising quarter, moving the down the runways for growth and delivering profitability.  Now onto the Tools Group. Organic sales flat, down, I guess, 0.2%, reflecting a lower -- pretty much reflects lower sales in the international operations, predominantly in the U.K. and Australia, being partially offset by gains in the U.S. So pattern's similar to last quarter really. Operating earnings were $71.3 million, down $7.7 million, including $3.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency or a margin -- a wide margin of 17.6% compared to 19.2% from last year. That margin includes 70 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency and higher investment in field support activities, enabling the demand for our hand tools and underpinning the training for our Intelligent Diagnostics. So the Tools Group, another positive quarter in the U.S, balancing international turbulence.  We do believe our van network remains quite strong. In late June, I spent some time with dozens of franchisees at the NHRA Nationals in Chicago. They had a quite positive outlook on the position and on the prosperity. But beyond the windshield surveys like that, we see other indications of continuing strength like the franchisee health metrics, we -- those are the numbers we monitor and evaluate regularly. Again this quarter, they remained favorable. So qualitative and quantitative indicators, both positive. And the positivity is just not from our own internal lens. It's reflected in the external view. In fact, this year, we're once again be acknowledged by the -- by an outside publications. Snap-on was recognized as the #18 in Entrepreneurs Magazine Best of the Best for 2019, the annual Franchise 500 ranking. That evaluates companies for more than 150 data points in areas of costs and fees, size and growth, franchise support, brand, power, financial strength and organizational stability, among others. Our position in this year's ranking represents a substantial rise over last year. And once again, once again, we scored highest in the Tools Distribution category. In fact, we've held that top spot for some time.  Now this type of recognition, I think reflects the fundamental and contemporary -- fundamental contemporary strength of our -- for our franchisees in our overall van business. And it would not have been achieved, we would not have the enthusiasm for the franchisees without -- with other franchisees without a continuous stream of unique new products, hand tools were up in the quarter, and it was driven by great new products like our F80MP multi-position ratchet. Features ahead, that index is in 16 positions across 240 degrees, a number of different much variability, giving it much better -- and that gives it much better access to fasteners around blind corners. And it's also a 2-in-1 unit that functions both as an offset fixed-head ratchet and as a speeder with a 360-degree crank for quickly tightening or loosening fasteners, it's quite versatile. Sales have been strong, and we already have plans for additional drive sizes, different handle grips and more colors is going to expand into a full line.  Another product of impact was the Snap-on SRPCR series. It's a snap ring plier line launched this quarter showcasing a significant design improvement. Snap-on ring pliers are versatile units that can be used on both internal and external rings, switching from compression to expansion mode, accommodating a variety of repair and removal and assembly tasks. This new design allows the technician to execute that compression-to-expansion conversion up to 80% faster, utilizes a quick-release push button rather than the thumbscrew mechanism that's common on competitor products and is on our previous model. Pliers, they're manufactured on Milwaukee plant. So we can do this because of advanced forging -- called forging techniques and high alloy steel, creates the strength and durability require -- to require to enable that new design and support that speed.  Beyond the push buttons system, that unit also features extended jaws, making it easier to access hard-to-reach retaining rings. And to top it all off, it's got an ergonomic pushing for considerably more comfort and control. No wonder it's popular. Our new tools are, in fact, making a difference with the franchisees and in the Tools Group.  Now on to RS&I. Sales of 348.8 -- $348.9 million, up $5 million, reflecting a $11.7 million or a 3.5 -- or a 3.5% organic gain, primarily due to return of the OEM dealerships, higher sales in the OEM dealership business, the essential tools business. Unfavorable foreign currency translation of $5.9 million was an offset, bringing the as reported rise to 1.7%.  Now RS&I operating earnings are $88.6 million in the quarter, including an offset of -- including an offset of $1.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared with $88.7 million in 2018. The operating margin was 25.4%, down 50 basis points from last year's pretty strong 25.9%. The variance primarily effects -- reflects that the higher sales of OEM essential programs, which boost as a sales but tend to have lower operating margins than the average RS&I activities, still good margins.  Having said that, we continue to clearly see abundant runways for growth in RS&I and working to take advantage. In addition to the new diagnostics and repair information offerings we have, we recently introduced a B2000 John Bean aligner that replaces the traditional workstation design with a more compact device utilizing an ordinary tablet and a new camera, a beam configuration, it's got considerable speed and ease-of-use and reported in a small overall footprint. It introduces imaging alignment to the compact segment of the market, and the reception has been pretty enthusiastic.  Also in the quarter, we introduced our new unique calibration array. We're really excited about this, new calibration array, for Advanced Driver Assistance System, so ADAS. One of the prominent trends in -- it uses ADAS as one of the prominent trends in later-model vehicles. It's developed by our diagnostics team and special target operators, each option recalibrating collision avoidance systems after body repair or as glass replacement or even a wheel alignment, for all makes and models of torque facing cameras, the ADAS calibration system -- our ADS calibration system was ideal for general repair locations and for collision stocks, enabling those independent facilities as of now finalizes the repair without having to visit the OEM dealerships. That's a great advantage when operating in a more complex world, in a more complex sensor-enabled later operating on more complex sensor-enabled later-model vehicles. It's very popular. It's going to be even more popular.  So to wrap up, RS&I, improving position for repair shop owners and managers, growth in OEM dealerships, driving organic sales gains, expanding product lines, margins down some, but still quite strong. Those are the highlights of the quarter.  Tools Group, mixed; U.S., up; international, down. C&I recording an overall positive performance especially in torque. And RS&I expanding, strengthened critical repair information and raising its OEM project activity. Progress along the runways for coherent growth and advancements down our runways to improve. Overall sales increasing organically, 1.6%. Opco operating income margin, a strong 20%. The second highest level ever recorded by the corporation. EPS, $3.22, up again despite the headwinds. It was another encouraging quarter.  Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $951.3 million in the quarter were down 0.3%, reflecting a 1.6% organic sales gain, $1.1 million of acquisition-related sales and $19.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales gain this quarter principally reflected double-digit growth in sales to OEM dealerships and the repair systems and information segment and low single-digit growth in the Commercial & Industrial segment.  Sales in the Snap-on Tools segment were essentially flat, but included low single-digit gains in the U.S. franchise operations. Overall sales to customers in the United States increased across all segments while sales in Europe, particularly the United Kingdom, continue to exhibit weakness on a year-over-year basis.  Consolidated gross margin of 49.8% compared to 51% last year. 120 basis point decrease primarily reflects increased sales in lower gross margin businesses, 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, partially offset by savings from RCI initiatives.  The operating expense margin of 29.8% improved 100 basis points, primarily due to organic sales volume leverage, including higher volumes and lower expense businesses, lower performance-based compensation costs and RCI savings.  Operating earnings before financial services of $189.9 million, including $5.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $193.1 million last year. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial services of 20.0%, including 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to 20.2% last year.  Financial services revenue of $84.1 million and operating earnings of $60.6 million increased 2.6% and 4.8%, respectively, from 2018, reflecting a year-over-year growth in our financial services portfolio as well as lower provisions for credit losses.  Consolidated operating earnings of $250.5 million, including $6.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $250.9 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, the operating earnings margin was 24.2% in both periods.  Our second quarter effective income tax rate of 23.6% compared to 23.8% last year. During Q2 2018, our tax rate included a 20 basis point benefit related to the implementation of tax legislation in the United States.  Finally, net earnings on a reported basis of $180.4 million or $3.22 per share included a $0.09 unfavorable impact associated with foreign currency compared to $178.7 million or $3.12 per share a year ago. In Q2 2018, excluding a $0.01 per share benefit related to taxes, adjusted earnings per share was $3.11.  Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with C&I Group on Slide 11, sales of $335.0 million in the quarter decreased 0.8%, reflecting a 1.9% organic sales gain and $1.1 million of acquisition-related sales, which were more than offset by $10.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic growth included a high single-digit gain in our specialty tools business as well as the low single-digit increases in both the segment's European-based hand tools business and to customers in critical industries.  Gross margin of 38.6% decreased 80 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to increased sales and lower gross margin businesses, including higher sales for the U.S. Military and to customers in India. The operating expense margin of 24% improved 90 basis points, primarily due to benefits from organic sales volume leverage, including higher sales and lower expense businesses and from RCI savings. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $48.9 million compared to $49 million last year, and the operating margin of 14.6% increased 10 basis points from 14.5% in 2018.  Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $405.8 million decreased to 1.5% primarily due to $5.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Organic sales were essentially flat, reflecting headwinds in the United Kingdom and higher sales in the United States. The organic sales included a mid-single-digit decline internationally, nearly offset by a low single-digit increase in the United States. Gross margin of 45.1% decreased 80 basis points from last year, primarily due to 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. The operating expense margin of 27.5% increased from 26.7% last year, primarily due to higher field support investments and 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects.  Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $71.3 million, including $3.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, decreased $7.7 million from last year while the operating margin of 17.6%, including 70 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to 19.2% in 2018.  Turning to the RS&I group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $348.9 million increased 1.7%, reflecting a 3.5% organic sales gain, partially offset by $5.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales gain includes a double-digit increase in sales to OEM dealerships, principally through the segment's equipment solutions operation. Weakness in Europe again impacted RS&I's overall sales growth in the quarter.  Gross margin of 46.3% decreased 100 basis -- 180 basis points from 48.1% last year, this is primarily due to the increased sales to OEM dealerships and higher material and other costs, partially offset by RCI savings. Sales for the equipment solutions operation tend to have lower gross margins and lower operating expenses associated with such activity.  The operating expense margin of 20.9% improved 130 basis points from 22.2% last year, primarily due to the aforementioned effect of higher sales to OEM dealerships and the benefits from RCI initiatives. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $88.6 million compared to $88.7 million last year while the operating margin of 25.4% compared to 25.9% a year ago.  Now turning to Slide 10. Operating earnings from financial services of $60.6 million increased 4.8% versus Q2 of 2018. Revenue of $84.1 million was up 2.6% from a year ago. Financial services expenses of $23.5 million decreased $0.7 million, primarily due to lower provisions for credit losses, partially offset by higher expenses related to the growth in the portfolio. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 1.1% in the second quarter of 2019 and 1.2% in the second quarter of 2018. The average yield on finance receivables in the second quarter of 2019 were 17.6% as compared to 17.7% last year. The average yield on contract receivables was 9.1% in both periods.  Total loan originations of $263.4 million decreased $12.7 million or 4.6%, primarily due to decrease in originations of finance receivables resulting from lower year-over-year Snap-on Tools Group sales of big-ticket items.  Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.1 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.8 billion from our U.S. operation. Our worldwide gross financial services portfolio grew $15.2 million in the second quarter. The 60-day-plus delinquency rate of 1.4% for the United States extended credit remains stable and reflects the seasonal improvement we typically experience in the second quarter.  As it relates to extended credit for finance receivables, the largest portion of the portfolio, trailing 12-month net losses of $50.4 million represented 3.0% of outstandings at quarter-end, that's down 9 basis points sequentially, supporting continued stabilization of the portfolio's credit metric performance.  Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $145.5 million in the quarter decreased $41.4 million from comparable 2018 levels, primarily reflecting net changes in operating assets and liabilities, including payments related to last quarter's legal settlement. Net cash used by investing activities of $65.2 million included net additions to finance receivables of $29 million, capital expenditures of $28 million and $8 million for the acquisition of Power Hawk, which provides rescue tools and related equipment for a variety of military, governmental and fire rescue and emergency operations.  Net cash used by financing activities of $73.1 million included cash dividends of $52.5 million and the repurchase of 365,000 shares of common stock for $60.1 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of the end of June, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $445.3 million of common stock under existing authorizations.  Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable decreased to $8.5 million from 2018 year-end. Days sales outstanding of 66 days compared to 67 days in 2018 year-end. Inventories increased $52 million from 2018 year-end, primarily to support higher levels of demand across critical industries, including demand for U.S. manufactured hand tools, new products as well as to improve service levels to our customers. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.7 compared to 2.9 at year-end 2018 and 2.7 in Q1 of 2019.  Our quarter end cash position of $164 million increased $23.1 million from 2018 year-end levels. Our net debt-to-capital ratio decreased to 22.5% from 24.2% at year-end 2018. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities. And as of quarter-end, we had $154.6 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding, a reduction of $22.5 million since year-end 2018.  That concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, that's our quarter. Encouraging progress. I think you could describe it -- we would describe it as encouraging and progress achieved against variation and headwind, challenges for sure. European operation, down. But a particular macro-related difficulty in the U.S. and the strong headwinds of unfavorable currency. We overcame with some encouraging positives: North American volume up; the Tools Group up in the U.S; new hand tool products driving enthusiasm and gain; at C&I the investments in torque, paying off with robust performance, matching the move to autonomy and precision and advancements in critical industries, it's gaining new military business and long-term contracts. And RS&I, a return of the OEM programs for vehicle dealerships, continuing strength in Mitchell 1 shops software. It all came together, overcoming the considerable difficulties of the current environment. Sales up organically 1.6%, OI margin at 20%, clearly among our best so far. And EPS up again to $3.22. And we believe we have the capabilities, the brands, the products and the opportunities to maintain that upwards earnings trajectory throughout the year and on into the quarters that follow. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly to our associates and our franchisees, Snap-on team. I know many of you are listening in or hear the call later. Once again, we made progress against the headwinds, and that advancement reflects your energy and efforts, your extraordinary contribution to our enterprise, for your achievement and accomplishment in prevailing, you have my congratulations. And for your dedication and your commitment to our team, you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from Scott Stember with CL King and Associates.
Scott Stember: Just going over to the Tools Group, low single-digit increase in the U.S. I think we were mid-single digits in the first quarter, but it seems like some of the delta there is related to higher ticket items. That said, could you just give us a breakout of what tool storage, hand tools and specifically what some of the other categories during the course?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. You kind of got it set. I mean, I think if you look at the originations, originations are down. So that's the big-ticket items were weaker. I think originations were down like 4.4%, 4.6% in the quarter. But generally, it's around diagnostics.  If you look at that view, the diagnostics were lower than year-over-year. The Apollo launch was much bigger, it launches into a broader category of customers then the TRITON, which we launched. The TRITON launch was successful versus its prior people, but its prior iterations of that particular segments. And so we're pleased with the launch, but what we've learned with launching Intelligent Diagnostics is our franchisees tend to focus on it, and it tends to be a time-intensive sale. So it has uncertain results for the rest of the diagnostics lineup, and that's what happened in this time.  There also is a pretty strong activity around hand tools. Hand tools is up again in the quarter, and I think one of its highest levels ever so. Hand tools are pretty good. So that sort of the story in that quarter, that kind of balance in that situation.  Now you can look at the numbers, and you can see the margin and so on. So we had gross margins in the Tools Group. I think they were down 80 basis points. And there's about 50, 60 basis points of currency. So fundamentally, gross margin, that gross margin, the profitability was defined by what happened internationally where one of your levers around pricing can't use anymore, gross margins in the U.S. were actually up a little bit.
Scott Stember: Okay. And just going over the pond over to the U.K. because it seems like that's where the lion's share of the tools weaknesses abroad, seems like it's getting a little bit worse. And we've all know about Brexit and some of the impact over there, but maybe just talk longer term about the business over there as it compares to your automotive repair market and the expectations for that business?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, I can do that. I can -- Go ahead, sorry.
Scott Stember: No, go ahead.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Look, I can do that. Yes, Tools Group, depends on how you look at the U.K. U.K. was down higher percentages year-over-year in this quarter. It's down I think it was down high single digits in the first -- in last quarter, the first quarter, it was down double-digit, somewhat double digits in the second quarter. But actually, sequentially, the number was about the same. So I'm not sure how to really react to that. You understand what I mean? So it may be -- it should have been higher because it was the second quarter or not. We don't think there's anything structurally wrong with that business. I've been over to U.K. just recently, myself, talked to people and I talked to a number of people who are in the government there, and they say, "People are quite uncertain." And one of the things we know about uncertainty in our business, we saw this in the big recession in 2009, is the technicians have -- are cash-rich, but confidence poor. If they start getting attracted or discouraged by this bad news for Brexit with the macro issues, they start back and away from longer payback items, and that's exactly what's happening in the U.K. You're seeing a lot of backing away from tool storage and diagnostics. So that's what's ailing the U.K., really.  You can see it in the -- you can see it in the originations. Originations are down in the U.S. but they're down bigger in the international and so that's really the situation. So when the confidence comes back, we believe we got a robust business there.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then just lastly...
Nicholas Pinchuk: God, I don't know. The problem with that is I don't know when the confidence is going to come back, but I think people feel like the Brexit situation is going to get solved. And I think it doesn't even have to be so. People have to believe that they see it way forward and now bring it back. I don't have any better answer than that for you.
Scott Stember: Got it. And just the last question before I jump back in the queue is RS&I. Nice bounce back of OE dealership business. Can you just flash out how some of the software products did? Just try to frame that out as well as diagnostics.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Look, I think -- sure. Well, diagnostics is down in the Tools Group, and diagnostics in RS&I tends to follow that. It also had some external sales in the U.K. And the U.K. has kind of shut down a little bit so you see some of that. It sells around in addition to the Tools Group itself, the diagnostic sales some direct to certain elements of the U.K. government. That is a weakness from year-over-year. So diagnostics is down in the quarter, but Mitchell 1, Bahco. So Mitchell 1 is a great business and all we see is excelsior ever upward in the repair information products, car and truck repair. That's what I'm trying to say in my message there is that repair information for the garages seems to be going pretty well.  We believe that our diagnostics business goes well once we get our franchisees and the technicians comfortable with the huge power of Intelligent Diagnostics. Intelligent Diagnostics is a great product, just more complicated to sell because it's got so many nuances and features. So you saw -- you kind of -- so that all played out, I guess I'm giving you the features, but that all played out for repair diagnostics information in the independent shops to be about flat, about flat in that. And the OEM business, of course, was up nicely, and equipment was sort of flattish. I think it was up a little bit. So that's how diagnostics rolled out in the quarter, I mean not RS&I rolled out in the quarter.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: I had a question about the progress of TRITON if we go into a little more detail. I'm curious about the interplay of channel fill into sell-through. How the staging original rollouts goes, and if that's one of the drivers in the second half?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. It was a -- no, it was a national launch, but one thing that happened in the first two quarters of this year is we call them first time activations. Basically, we can see when a technician activates the software. And when the technician, not the franchisee, so we sell to the franchisee, he sells it into the industry, into the marketplace and that the technician who buys it get it activated. Well, activations are actually running ahead of our sales. So in fact, this is kind of a positive. TRITON itself, off to the franchisees met our expectations. It's not the segment that Apollo is. So met that expectations and, in fact, a little bit better than the last launch. The activations, and the activations always follow, and the activations so far are running ahead of our expectation. So we think that's kind of a positive sign, although who knows what will happen tomorrow, but the thing is that seems to be positive. So TRITON itself, I think, worked pretty well.  We've seen this phenomena. When we launched the Intelligent Diagnostics now, it tends to draw the attention of the franchisee who only has set 24 hours a day, and they tend to spend more time selling it because they love the product. Everybody loves the software, harder to explain, little more expensive. And so it tends to diminish what happens in the other product. That's what happened this time. That's why we had the downturn. So we had a good launch, but yet the other product didn't sell as the way they sold another period to the way we expected. What we're doing is -- so what we're doing is, I should add, what we're doing is, is that one of the things you see the OE and the Tools Group, one big component of that is the training seminars and the support systems for the franchisees to sell and to train the technicians and how to use this stuff and to realize how truly important it is and how they can't live without it.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then kind of a broad question on the second half. We're generally kind of banking on kind of a holding pattern within brand trends and mixed trends in the first half? Or there's some mix naturally kind of revert or unwind?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, I don't think anybody -- we wouldn't be happy with continued sales in the U.S. at 1% for an extended period of time. We wouldn't be happy with that, of course. Yet, we do get variation from period-to-period. So that's why we think this is not a bad thing in this situation with these economics, but we would -- we stick to our view that this is a 4% growing business. And absent huge turbulence like what's happening in the U.K., I would call U.K. a singularity. I would call Australia being under economic arrest at least in our sector. So I kind of can outpour those and say, "It really is in our business." We would expect it to get better.  Now the third quarter is always kind of squarely because we have the SFC and so on. And I'm not saying anything I haven't said 10 times before, but we still feel pretty confident. I think one of the challenges for us is to get that Intelligent Diagnostics down to an easier sale, a more natural sale and to get it out there, so it doesn't weigh down on our business. And then, of course, they keep coming with the new products. The hand tools are hotter than heck. If we can keep up that momentum, that's got to accrue to us. So if you look at our capital expenditures, we raised capital expenditures, and part of it is making the hand tool deliveries much more smooth, much smoother because we're investing in new facilities and our distribution systems in Crystal Lake and other places, in our hand tool factories like Milwaukee and other places. And some of our expenses in the quarter, the field support expenses was to support that distribution of hand tools, which were all through that distribution. And so on and so on.
Christopher Glynn: Yes. Just had a last one. Any updates on capital allocation or strategic levers? And in particular, as you look at valuations, it's been a lower for a little while here. Any benefits to going private? What kind of board-level discussions do you have in some of those respects?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. We have discussions about this kind of thing all the time and so on. I think our -- we feel that -- look, we talk about capital allocation, we say we think this business has a lot of runway. So we think we can keep -- the best use of our capital is to invest in the business. And you can see it now we're investing in the hand tools. We're investing in the training of the franchisees to be able to sell this new -- this transformative diagnostic product better so we see that. Then we say, as we say, we have a dividend, we want to preserve the dividend and make sure it keeps going. We've never reduced it over the years. And then we look at share buyback. We bought back a significant number of shares in the quarter. I mean, I guess it supposedly can be a -- everybody can have a different view of what's a significant number of what we think was more than before. And we take advantage of when the stock price is in an inappropriate place, so we're not in a blackout period. And then we look at acquisitions, and we're looking at acquisitions as we speak. So we have all of those discussions all those things are discussed at the Board level and our level constantly. Probably, the Board and us talks about it regularly.
Operator: And next, we'll go to David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker: I guess a couple of things to circle back around on. Nick, you did a great job at talking about some of the headwinds and some of the things that you're facing, and we've talked about them with you as well. You have -- and I just want to post this question to you as one of the hit that we talked about in the past and just see if there's any change in your view on it. But with 10 years into an economic recoveries, people have most everything that they need. You've talked about in the past about other use of money from your customers' pockets. Do you have any update, any thoughts on whether some of that might actually be behind the headwinds that you're facing right now from a demand perspective?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't know. I mean, the thing is I don't think so. I don't think there's anything different now than before. Maybe our technicians get a little more ease of credit, but I continue to feel, David, that this is on us. Whatever is happening here is on us. When I go out and talk to the franchisees and I just -- like I said I talked, I was just on a truck the other day and I talked to a number of franchisees across the country, 1 in Texas, 1 in California and 1 in the Midwest. And they don't seem to see it that way, that there's a shrinking of demand. It's on us to try to allocate their time the best and get products that will attract them. I think that is the solution. We don't see a back office technician.  Now there can be, we had an interesting discussion, there can be a little bit of period-to-period variation. And one of the franchisees said, "I live in a beer and Budweiser, a beer, a Budweiser and fireworks culture." In other words, around the 4th of July, everybody gets -- goes on vacation and they invest in fireworks and Budweiser. That's how we talked about it, so sales get down a little bit slow in the spirit. That's what he said. But I don't think -- he said it always comes back. So I don't think we don't see any indication of saturation or misdirection could be wrong, but nothing quantitatively or qualitatively said that. Certainly qualitatively, we're not seeing this qualitatively. We're seeing the salaries of the -- I think the salaries, the trailing 12 months grew by 4% for technicians. The technicians itself year-over-year grew by 1.7%. So that's BLS data. So we don't think there's -- and nominal spending on repair moved upwards a couple of percent. No real spending moved upwards a couple of percent year-over-year. So I think, I just think it's still robust, its execution. And one of the things I tried to mention here is, boy, trying to support that launch of Intelligent Diagnostics, it's a revelation, it's a revolution. And when I talk to franchisees, they need help doing it so that's what we're working on: To try to boil things down but just be the quick 7-minute pitch that will convince people.
David Leiker: Okay. And then just two numbers related questions. One is on the working capital. Although, if you could and I am looking at Q2 versus Q2 year-over-year, it's the cash flow statement. And if there's a way you could break that down, I know currency is going to be -- play a role in there, and there's probably some acquisitions, but just the drivers behind the increase in working capital here year-over-year.
Aldo Pagliari: The biggest increase is if you look at our divisions, the biggest increase is inventory associated with the Snap-on Tools Group, our European-based hand tools operation and industrial. Those are the ones that have been adding by the way the most, I'd say, across the range of most new products. We have new product additions, it's certainly one of them. The industrial, more specifically, has been pleasantly engaged in more project-based activity in assembly of kits, and they've been compiling more inventory to service those customers. As an example, the U.S. military being a significant one.  And we're trying to improve our service levels, where when you have such a variety of SKUs that we offer across the board and you're somewhat dealing with an environment where people can use discretion to buy, maybe a little bit of an impulse element in there as well. Last thing you want to do is not being able to meet demand because you don't have the inventory on the shelf. So we are willing to err on the side of having adequate levels of inventory across those broad number of SKUs. And at least you got a couple of product ramp ups that are occurring. So for example, we're developing new leaps in some of our factories, and that requires some ramp-up investment. And our inventories are [indiscernible] as well. We're getting it a little low, we're trying to take advantage of the situation where we can and buy smartly. And that divestments is what drives the -- the operating variance, David, it's about $52 million. If you look year-over-year, you're taking out the effects of currency and acquisitions to give you a number.
David Leiker: Yes. Okay. And then secondly, you'd called out in the corporate expense line there a little bit of a variance there. You referenced there in particular instead of comp. Was any of that a reversal from what might have been accrued in Q1?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, there's an element of that, but you have a lot of performance-based compensation that runs through the P&L. So it is related actually to the stock price performance, which accreted more in Q2 of last year, it was actually what it did in Q2 of this year. So you get some variation there, but also the timing of certain expenses, some of them related to legal matters, some of them are related to other just corporate spending. Those are account essentially. So if you look at the back half of the year, my expectation, we typically spend in the quarter. More typical quarter, you're spending in the range of $22 million to $24 million. I see no reason that would not be a good forecast as we look to the back half of the year in terms of our spend.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Curtis Nagle with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Curtis Nagle: I guess just starting off. So I guess starting out just thinking about the gross margin for tools. It looks like currency was a fairly decent size headwind. How do we think about that for the remainder of the year? And is that primarily Canada? Or is that Europe?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, the big kahunas there are you said Canada, but the U.K. and Australia. Those are the big players in the transactions there. They pretty much dominate that 80 basis points of currency of gross margin change. And so it's pretty much outside United States.  And how this works out is normally, when currency has happened to us in the past, we've had RCI and the lever, and we have 2 methods of offsetting RCI and pricing, local pricing. But when you're down several quarters in a row and you've got double-digit deterioration in the U.K. and you've got some down ticket sales in Australia, you're appetite to price is a lot lower. So therefore, you're seeing that roll through, and that's really what's happening. The fact that the currency is visiting on the places where it's much more reluctant to test the waters or to push the pricing because we want the volume backup. That's really what's dominating that situation.  U.S., as I said, I know a lot of people have been talking about discounting and promotions and all sorts, but actually it's up again in the U.S. because it's our people in the Tools Group are masters of making heat and light out of programs and really they don't, by and large, don't change their margins. The programs come out and they have different phases and the same names in all kinds of things, but their idea is to generate enthusiasm both with the franchisees and the customers. And I think given some times, it's they often do, but that doesn't mean we're actually net-net discounting.
Curtis Nagle: Got it. And perhaps not to extrapolate too much, but just as kind of focusing on the comment about spending behavior and maybe shifts to things like fireworks and Budweiser, which theoretically might be a reference to 4th of July. Was that a forward comment in terms of what's going on with demand?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, it's actually -- it was Fourth of July. It was about -- look, it was kind of like he says, "Look, when it gets warm, your technicians are thinking about other things and repairing cars as a simple" -- well, it's kind of an anecdotal comment. It wasn't meant to -- ought to be a forecast of any kind. I was just trying to give you a view. David asked me if there was variation and appetite for buying or people decided to focus elsewhere. I said I didn't think so, except for this kind of very, very temporal thing that one of my franchisees or several of my franchisees say when weather gets good and vacation's coming, people may not buy as much then, but they make it up later. That's all. That's all.
Operator: And next, we'll go to David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: I guess I wanted to sort of go back to a couple kind of bigger picture questions. And credit has always been kind of a very important part of your value proposition to the marketplace. And so if you advance from the premise that people are using less credit now, does that leave you a little more exposed price elasticity on the tools? And you've always had a pretty high quality tool, not to beat it about it, but also a premium-priced tool and I'm wondering if maybe as credit become -- people become maybe a little less credit dependent just late in the cycle, if people are just becoming more price-sensitive and you're feeling that.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't think we're feeling price sensitivity any more than we always have. I mean, as you say, everybody's always known that if you buy a Snap-on tool, it's going to be more expensive. And I wouldn't characterize -- I think the characterization you're saying is a little bit not the way we would. We would say people aren't using, aren't buying big-ticket items from us, [indiscernible]. But when they're buying big-ticket items, they're using credit, and RA is credit itself, remember?  Remember that when a guy buys a set of wrenches or a power tool, $600 power tool, he's probably paying $50 a week, and that's stretched out over 12 weeks or maybe, maybe even sometimes 10 weeks or 15 weeks, depending on how the franchisee does it. So everything is about credit, and the RA business is up. So I wouldn't say that credit, it doesn't appear to us, David, that credit is a question. People are reluctant to take it.  Now if you're saying, if you tell me the U.K., then I don't know. I think the U.K., they could be saying, well, I don't know what's going to happen next week. So maybe I'm not going to -- that's where my comment is about, longer payback items. I think we find when pessimism or uncertainty seizes the psyche of the working men and women, including the technicians, they tend to invest in shorter payback things like power tools and hand tools and shy away from the longer payback stuff. That happens. We used to have seen that in the U.S. That's not a phenomenon here.
David MacGregor: Could you just talk about -- No, I appreciate you addressing that, Nick. Can you just talk about field inventory levels and inventory on the truck? Clearly, in terms of your reported numbers, your inventory numbers are up but just talk about what you're seeing out there and...
Nicholas Pinchuk: Inventory, I've seen -- look, I think -- David, I think inventory, if anything, I think our numbers say they're down slightly per truck, but it might be a blip -- I'm not sure that that's irrelevant. But having gone up, I mean the sales off the van have matched I think the sales to the van. So there's not -- we're not seeing any kind of buildup in recent -- the only buildup we've seen over time has been a buildup associated with the sales of the van network. But in general, recently, we're not seeing that kind of buildup so I wouldn't say -- the one thing I would say that I will say that I did say about diagnostics, I don't know what to make of this yet because it's not we don't have it upwards but it appears as though there's more -- there's been more activations than their buy, in other words, sales of the truck of diagnostic bodies and software activations than we have sold to the truck. So from an inventory point of view, that would tend to be a diminishment of that, you would think on the van, you would think.
David MacGregor: Can you reconcile -- sure. Nick, how do you square that with originations being down again? And I guess there's been couple of quarters in a row now where your sell-in has exceeded the originations. And I understand there's a timing difference, but that would happen -- last quarter, we would have seen that correct normalized.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, David, there is a timing difference. Originations are down because the sales and diagnostics in the quarter weren't that good. That's why -- and so as I tried to lay that out a little bit, maybe I was unsuccessful, but that's the thing. One of our 2 major -- the big-ticket item of diagnostics wasn't as strong as in prior quarters. And so yes, there are timing differences and so on, but that accounts diagnostics account for the lion's share of the variation year-over-year originations. So I think...
David MacGregor: Understood. Last question for me is just you made reference in your prepared remarks to franchisee health metrics remained favorable. In other words, I guess you're still in the green zone, so to speak. Can you just talk to the second derivative on those metrics? And just maybe give us example, 1 or 2, that you put a higher level of emphasis on in terms of driving comfort that you're still in good shape?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Look, second derivative of, let's say, terminations, people leaving the system. Really the first derivative, it's been pretty flat. So I think generally the second derivative has been generally stable. It's not moving either way. In fact, I think that improved a little bit. It got slightly better in this quarter, so you would say the second derivative, I don't know, I'm trying to think of how that would work in terms of polarity, but anyway, it was favorable in this particular quarter.  Now a really small amount, but generally, that's been about the same for several quarters now. It has been going I think -- I don't know I want to think back about 3 quarters ago, it had been up to then and had been going upwards, going the other way, had been rising, and maybe even up to the fourth quarter. It had been raising a little bit and so now it's kind of gone back the other way in terms of second derivative. So I don't know what to make of that, whether that's positive or negative. Generally, those things get driven by retirement.  The difference between the -- what drove it upwards was retirements by people who had spent more times on the van, and they wanted to go to Hawaii or something for their retirement. And so those are the kinds of things, which are making the difference we saw more of those. I think this quarter, we saw rather less. Still up from, say, slightly from, say, 18 months ago, but down from, say, 5 years ago.
David MacGregor: Okay. And if I segue one of my last question, if I could. Just the diagnostics returns, was that a meaningful headwind to organic growth in the Tool segment this quarter?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Returns, you mean people giving us back diagnostics even to something?
David MacGregor: Correct. Right.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't know. I don't necessarily check all these things, but I don't think so. I haven't heard of that. No one's mentioned that to me so I don't think it was actually. I think it's essentially was, this is -- we sold enough TRITONs. We didn't sell enough of the other stuff.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: Nick, that ADAS product that you talked about, is that targeted specifically to the independent shop versus the franchise dealer?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Yes, yes, it is specifically targeted. The idea, Gary, is to make it versatile so it can accommodate the specificities of systems that are authored by different OEMs. It's pretty -- the whole ADAS thing is becoming very important for us. So one of the things we like is in Mitchell 1, we have a particular ADS suite where when people are repairing the ADS systems, they are -- they're able to go in a particular section of that repair information and can deal with ADS systems and the terms in which describe ADAS. And so it's one of the things that's driving Mitchell 1 upwards, Mitchell 1 was very strong in the quarter actually.
Gary Prestopino: Is that -- would that be considered a big ticket item must-have for the independent repair shops going forward? I mean, relative to the other diagnostics equipment so.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, I don't know. I think it's certainly as expensive as a diagnostic unit so it's a big ticket item, but the independent repair shop is still slightly different. They make -- sometimes independent repair shops pay cash or credit card for these kinds of things. They don't always borrow from us necessarily. So it wouldn't necessarily impact the originations, it might, but I don't think so in this case. So I wouldn't do that.  The thing about this is just to make sure it's clear, everything now when you hit your bumper now you need to worry about the ADAS systems. It's a -- it becomes a -- you have set the sensors that are in the bumper and you have to recalibrate just to be put on the bumper. So that's why there's more and more demand to this. The more there is the peripheral sensors, the more they have to deal with this. And that's why we're pretty enthusiastic about this, and it's been helping us, I think.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then just to be clear, a lot of talk here and the headwind that you saw in the U.S., if there was a headwind, was really revolving around diagnostics. It wasn't around tool storage and the bread and butter.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No. Tool storage is kind of flattish. It's okay. We've got tools storage okay. It was up versus the last time, quite being up sequentially. It was up so we felt pretty good about that. It's not's tool storage, it's diagnostics. I'm sure we'd like to have -- look, power tools is down, too, but that has to do with the launch, which is coming and people are waiting for like -- there are a lot of things I'd like to -- there are some things that I'd like to have better, of course, but if you will ask me to say, "Well, what do you have to fix to make -- to get back to where you are?" I think it has to do with making sure that diagnostics works [indiscernible].
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then last question, I don't know if you have this, although if you have this, what was the negative impact of currency on EPS in Q3 and Q4 of last year for each quarter? Do you have that handy?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think it was positive. I think it was positive last year, yes.
Aldo Pagliari: So I think, Gary, it's still going to be a headwind if we get into the back half of the year, not as the currency rates stay right where they are right now, we're still going to see some negativity in Q3 and a little bit in Q4. So it's gotten worse is what we would have talked about on our April call with you, but currency is still going to be a headwind over the balance of the year. It was really flat in Q3 of last year and it was about $0.06 negative in Q4 of last year.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Because I looked back, and the sales impact was about a negative $12.5 million in Q3 and a negative $17.10 million in Q4 so that's why we're just wondering. So you're saying it would be flattened -- the impact in Q3 was flat overall from currency even with the negative sales?
Aldo Pagliari: Yes. No. Sometimes the sales is not the indicator to what gets to the bottom line, right? It's transactions, particularly in the Tools Group in the United Kingdom, Australia and Canada is embedded within the activity that you see in the gross margin line, not the sales line. All we're saying is last year, there was no EPS impact. There is a -- actually it was probably 0.2%of OI, I think, here in the last year. And this year, I expect it to be negative at rates they will have to that.
Nicholas Pinchuk: What happens, Gary, your sales gets driven by the euro and the pounds and the Canadian dollar. And then when you talk about profitability, you see a much bigger influence of the pounds and the Aussie dollar and the Canadian dollar. So there are different currencies that impact us for sales in the quarter.
Aldo Pagliari: And as an example, the pounds run from 1.24 to 1.25. It's worse than where it was at last year.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Sara Verbsky for any additional closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on First Quarter 2019 Results Investor Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky. Please go ahead.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, Lauren, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's first quarter results, which are detailed in our press release, issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer, as well as on our Web site snapon.com under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our Web site, along with a transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, is included in our earnings release and in our conference call slides on pages 14 through 17. Both can be found on our Web site. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning everybody. As usual, well, I'll start the call by covering the highlights of our quarter, and along the way I'll give you my perspective on our results, on our markets, on the progress we've made, and what we believe it all means. Then Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. Once again the results for the quarter in the comparative periods include a number of special nonrecurring legal tax and debt events that affected our as-reported levels. So to provide greater clarity, we'll refer to amounts excluding the one-time effects as an as-adjusted number to make everything comparable. And when you look through all of it we believe it's clear that Snap-on did make recognizable progress, demonstrating again our ability to continue a trajectory of positive results, recovering in some important areas, while overcoming some significant challenges. We're encouraged by the quarter. The Tools Group U.S. van network, which has been the center of some considerable attention continue its improvement growing mid single digits on fairly broad improvement. Our side saw some rise in its business serving the vehicle OEMs that had been down for several quarters. And the corporation's efforts around Snap-on value creations are runways for improvement fought off the challenges of unfavorable currency and uncertain environments in some of our geographies to maintain and expand our profit margins. Now to the results, first quarter as reported sales were $921.7 million, down 1.5% including a $26.1 million or 290 basis point impact from unfavorable currency. Organic sales were up 1.4%, gains in the U.S. van channel and critical industries tempered by the turbulence. From an earnings perspective our OpCo operating income for the quarter, including the one-time benefit from a recent legal settlement and an offsetting impact of unfavorable currency, was $187.4 million, increasing 5.5% compared to last year. OI margin for the quarter was 20.3%, rising 130 basis points. On an as adjusted basis, excluding the nonrecurring items, the OI margin was 19.1% up 10 basis points. For Financial Services, operating income of $62.1 million was up compared to last year's $56.9 million. And the as reported OI margin including both financial services of OpCo was 24.8%, up 180 basis points. The as adjusted OI margin was 23.6% compared to the as adjusted 23% last year. And EPS on an as reported basis was $3.16, $0.34 or 12.1% above last year. The as adjusted EPS was $3.01, exceeding the comparable $2.79 from last year by $0.22, an apples-to-apples increase of 7.9%. Now, let's look at our markets. We believe the auto repair market remains a great place to be despite the variations. The ageing of the car part, the changing repair tasks as new vehicles introduce, the increasing vehicle complexity are solid underlying drivers that we continue to see across the segment. Now, we do see headwinds arise from time to time associated with macro difficulties in certain geographies like the U.K., and in certain sectors like the OEM dealerships when the new car industry sees turbulence. We are however convinced that the outlook is positive, and we keep investing, investing in product, in hardware and software and data and processes, all to further our advantages. You can see some of that confidence coming to fruition with the recovery in the U.S. van channel driven by great new products. And with the turn in the OEM business in RS&I we believe the auto repair industry is a great place to be, and we're confident regarding our current position and our future. In other opportunities, the market we've termed the critical industries, sectors like natural resources, the military, and aviation. We see our business growing stronger in that arena with new products and new customers. We also see period-to-period challenges, but overall we believe we're becoming more effective in those large vertical markets with stronger products like automatic tool control, sophisticated torque system, and task-targeted hand tools. And we're winning a growing array of committed customers. So, overall, I'd describe our markets as continuing to offer attractive opportunity. We've also enabled our Snap-on value creation processes, safety, quality, customer connection [ph], innovation and Rapid Continuous Improvement, our RCI, processes along which we're committed to drive improvement. They support our advancement in positive times, and they create powerful offsets in turbulent times. We believe you can see that in our results over time, and you can see it in the first quarter. Snap-on value creation overcoming challenges, and continuing our performance progress.  Now, let's move to the groups. In the C&I group, organic sales were up $4.7 million or 1.5%, now including $13.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency first quarter as reported volume declined $9.1 million. From an earnings perspective C&I operating income was $46.5 million, about the same as last year. The operating margin was up 40 basis points to 14.4%. Organic volume, RCI, and the effect of foreign currency drove that rise. We've been speaking for some time about the importance of our torque product line, well robust performance in our specialty torque division was particularly encouraging, with a high single-digit increase this quarter. And beyond that, growth in the critical industries was evident in the quarter. Both those gains were partially occluded or partially attenuated by spotty performance in some of our international markets. Now, critical industries showed variations across the businesses. Up for natural resources, the military, education, and general industry, partially offset by some softness in aerospace, but overall showed a positive outlook. We're confident in and committed to extending in the critical industries, and we have seen continuing gain. Now 10 straight quarters of growth authored by a strengthening lineup of innovative product, matched to the task and designed specially to make work easier in the uniquely challenging industrial workspace, and our torque lineup is an example of that expanding strength. As a matter of fact, torque and critical industries are natural partners, and we've been investing to pursue the possibilities. A great example, just introduced, is Snap-on's ControlTech CTech Micro Torque Wrench fitted with Bluetooth Low Energy technology, BLE technology, and offering created by customer connection and innovation. Our traditional Snap-on specialty is torque in a compact body. And we combined that strength with our recent acquisition Sturtevant Richmont's expertise in wireless torque programming and documentation. It all came together to make critically work much easier, much more productive with this extraordinary product. The Sturtevant Richmont BLE system enables remote programming to match in order the varying torque values required to complete many essential tasks in aerospace, the military, or oil and gas. And the remote communication model that does that seamlessly packages inside the Micro Torque Wrench, the micro wrench body, making the wrench able to operate in almost any space, including around those very tight inline fasteners that are so common in aerospace solutions. The ability to program and the ability to program a rage of torque values in order, and the ease of access means that the Micro CTech BLE does the work of four to five mechanical present wrenches, a significant cost reduction and a clear gain in efficiency. And beyond that advantage, the BLE Micro documents the actual torque supply avoiding the need for multiple torque audits in critical applications, saving even more time. The BLE Micro ControlTech guided by customer connection with the aircraft industry, enabled by the capabilities across the Snap-on division has been received by excitement, and it demonstrates the way our product line is expanding to solve the most critical of tasks. C&I, driven forward with customer connection and innovation, and it is working. Now, on to the tools group Tools Group, organic sales up 2.9%, a mid single-digit increase in the U.S., a return to the target growth range. And as a partial offset, a low single-digit decline internationally in places like the U.K. The operating earnings, $67.2 million, down $1.7 million, including $3.1 million of unfavorable currency. That represents a margin rate of 16.4%, lower by 60 basis points, but driven mostly with 50 basis points of currency headwind, so the Tools Group, another quarter of expanding sales in the U.S. and sales advancement overall with solid operating margins. We believe our van network remains quite strong, and it's evident when we meet franchisees. As I did with a group of them just this last weekend at the U.S. Franchisee Advisory Council, or when I meet with them individually as I also did last week, once again they uniformly express confidence in the strength of the business, displayed excitement about our products, and declared optimism for their future trajectory. I tell you, you can't help but leave these encounters energized. It convinces us how strong these businesses are. The van network has seen some variation though, but we are quite confident of the opportunities, and the tools team continues to work with focus and urgency across its geographies to drive the upward trajectory with programs or promotions or with great new products. When we speak of products we turn to Snap-on value creation, customer connection and innovation, creating new offerings, solving critical tasks, and we're doing just that in the Tools Group. For example, last year, we released an innovative new socket line, the Flank Drive Xtra, we call it the FDX. It improved churning power - it has improved churning power, better fastener engagement, and greater strength. It's a patented designed that grips the fastener further off the corner with the more angle socket wall for greater turning power. That's where it gets it greater turning power; twenty percent more in nominal situations, fifty percent more when applied to worn or damaged fastener; the real problematic difficulty in repair. It exceeds the power of already industry-leading standard sockets. We believe we already have by far the best range of hand tools. The FDX makes it better. And the technicians agree. Hand tool sales are up nicely, demonstrating our product strength and contributing to the tools group's rising trajectory. Now let's talk about another category, tool storage, also up in the quarter. Helped in part by our new heavy duty mobile workbench capable of supporting up to 2000 pounds; 1300 on the bench top and 700 on the lower shelf. The new bench has adjustable leg allowing technicians to adjust their workstation to match the work -- customize the work surface just how they like it from 30 inches to 40 inches high. It's ergonomic, healthy, and safe. It also includes several storage solutions; optional drawers in various configurations allowing the techs to store those very valuable tools, those jewels with security. And they have special side panels with 22 accessories, accommodating frequently used bulky or metal units. Snap-on heavy duty bench has strength, durability, friendly ergonomics, and flexibility all in one product. And it's well on its way to achieving a hit million dollar product status. And we believe it has much more of a runway. That's tools group, improving growth, continuing profitability underpinned by strong product. Now let's speak about our S&I. First quarter organic sales declined 0.05%, close to flat. Reflecting low-single digit increase in our Undercar equipment operation, partially offset by a low single digit growth on our businesses focused on OEM dealers. Our S&I operating earnings of %83.6 million decreased $2.2 million including $1.5 million from unfavorable currency. Operating margin was robust, 25.5%, flat despite the lower volume. Now the OEM facing businesses did advance a recovery after several quarters of downturn. We said that the pullback will be a temporary phenomenon. And in fact, it was. That area has now improved. Having said that, we continue to clearly see abundant runways for growth in our S&I group. And we are working to take advantage of those opportunities again with new products like our recently introduced school bus diagnostic kit. The school bus package provides the repair technician with a guide to standard preventive maintenance procedures and offers quick capabilities for analyzing vehicle performance problems with that special application. The new kit it features our NEXIQ pocket HD heavy duty handheld unit, unique diagnostic software and full array of cables and accessories. School bus repair is a clearly -- it's clearly a critical task, and our new kit makes that effort more effective and easier. Also in the first quarter, we entered the motorcycle diagnostic market with our new P1000 handheld. Based on customer connection, new system build and underserved need for an all makes all model motorcycle diagnostic solution based on our customer connection, we knew we would well received. And that's just what happened. We are confident in the strength of our S&I product line. And that possibility is not just from our internal views or internal measures. Recently, we were acknowledges by Undercar Digest magazine with that publications naming four of our new products to its 2019 list of the top 10 tools; two Mitchell 1 repair products. Our ProDemand repair information system and our Manager SE Shop Management suite were selected. And two diagnostic products, our groundbreaking Apollo handheld with intelligent diagnostics and our Thermal Imager Elite were also recognized in the top 10; four in the top 10. The Undercar Digest awards are selected by readers, shop owners, and technicians. People who earn their living by being accurate and efficient when diagnosing and repairing today's vehicles. It's clear that these awards are independent verification of Snap-on's ongoing commitment to customer connection and innovation, but most of all to the extraordinary results of that focus. We keep driving to expand our S&I's position with repair shop owners and managers making work easier with great new product, developed internally with Snap-on value creation, or added by our strategic and coherent acquisitions. And we're confident it's a winning approach. So those are the highlights of our quarter continued progress, sales growth, and profitability gains, overcoming headwinds, RS&I group challenged but seeing some recovery in the OEM facing business, strength in the U.S. van channel and further progress in the critical industry. Snap-on Value Creation driving a wide array of new products, broad array of new products, as I've demonstrated here, and improve processes more than offsetting the turbulence or offering more than offsetting turbulence. Offering an as adjusted 19.1% optical operating margin up 10 basis points and driving an as adjusted $3.1 EPS up 7.9%, it was an encouraging quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results as summarized on slide six. Net sales of $921.7 million in the quarter were down 1.5%, reflecting a 1.4% organic sales gain and $26.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Your organic sales gain this quarter principally reflected mid-single digit growth in the U.S. franchise operations of the Snap-on tools group, and low single-digit growth in the commercial and industrial segment. Consolidated gross margin of 51.2% improved 80 basis points, primarily due to the higher organic sales, savings from our CI initiatives and 10 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $284.2 million benefited from the $11.6 million legal settlement Nick mentioned earlier. The operating expense margin of 30.9% improved 50 basis points as the 120 basis points benefit from the legal settlement was partially offset by 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects in higher cost. Operating earnings before financial services of $187.4 million or 20.3% of sales included $5.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, and the benefit of $11.6 million from the legal settlement, excluding the legal settlement, operating earnings before financial services as adjusted was $175.8 million or 19.1% of sales, compared to $177.7 million or 19.0% of sales last year. Financial Services revenue of $85.6 million and operating earnings of $62.1 million increased 3.1% and 9.1% respectively from 2018. Reflecting continued growth in our financial services portfolio, as well as improved bad debt in delinquency of our performance. Consolidated operating earnings of $249.5 million are 24.8% of revenues included $6.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects and the legal settlement. Excluding the legal settlement, operating earnings as adjusted was $237.9 million or 23.6% of revenues compared to $234.6 million or 23% of revenues a year ago. Our first quarter effective income tax rate is 24.3%, including an increase of 10 basis points related to the legal settlement compared to 26.2% last year. Our Q1 2018 rate included 120 basis points related to the implementation of tax legislation in the United States, excluding the tax charge, the effective tax rate in the first quarter of 2018 as adjusted was 25.0%. Finally, net earnings on a reported basis of $177.9 million or $3.16 cents per share, including an $8.00 unfavorable impact associated with foreign currency compared to $163.0 million or $2.82 per share a year ago. Excluding $0.15 per share for the legal settlements, adjusted earnings per share was $3.1 up 7.9% compared to Q1 2018; adjusted earnings per share of $2.79, which excluded net debt items and tax charges last year. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the C&I group on slide seven, sales of $322.5 million in the quarter decrease to 2.7% reflecting a 1.5% organic sales gain more than offset by $13.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Your organic growth included a high single-digit increase in sales in our specialty tools business, as well as low single-digit gains with customers and critical industries. These increases were partially upset by a low single-digit decline in the segment the Asia Pacific operations, as well as lower sales in some of C&Is, Latin American markets, such as Mexico, Argentina, and Chile. Gross Margin of 40.4% improved a 140-basis points year-over-year, primarily due to the higher organic sales volumes, savings from RCI initiatives and 40 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects. The operating expense margin of 26% increased 100 basis points primarily due to 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency, and higher sales related spending and other costs. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $46.5 million were unchanged from last year while the operating margin of 14.4% increased 40 basis points from 14% in 2018. Turning now to slide eight, sales on the Snap-on tools group of $410.2 million increased 1.4% reflecting a 2.9% organic sales increase partially offset by $6.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Your organic sales gain includes a mid-single digit increase in the United States, partially offset by a low single-digit decline internationally. The sales increase in the U.S. reflected stronger sales of hand tools, tools storage and diagnostic products. Gross Margin of 44.6% included 40 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects remained unchanged from last year. The operating expense margins of 28.2% increased from 27.6% last year, primarily due to 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects and higher other costs. Operating earnings for the Snap-on tools group of $67.2 million included $3.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects decreased $1.7 million from last year, while the operating margin of 16.4% including 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to 17% in 2018. So, into the RS&I group shown on slide nine, sales of $327.9 million decreased 2.7% reflecting a 0.5% organic sales decline, and $7.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The lower organic sales reflect a low single-digit decline in sales of Undercar equipment, partially offset by a low single-digit increase in sales to OEM dealerships. Weakness in Europe impacted RS&I's overall sales growth in the quarter. Gross margin of 48.2% increased 10 basis points from 48.1% last year, the operating expense margin of 22.7% compared to 22.6% a year ago. Operating earnings for the RS&I group of $83.6 million decreased $2.2 million from prior year levels, while the operating margin of 25.5% was unchanged from last year. Now turning to slide 10, operating earnings from financial services of $62.1 million in revenue of $85.6 million increased 9.1% and 3.1% respectively from a year ago. Financial Services expenses of $23.5 million decreased $2.6 million dollars primarily due to lower provisions for credit losses. As a percentage of the average portfolio financial services expenses were 1.1% in the first quarter of 2019 at 1.3% in the first quarter of 2018. The average yield on finance receivables in the first quarter was 17.8% for both 2019 and 2018. Respective average yield and contract receivables was 9.1% and 9.2%. Total loan originations of $252.5 million increased $5.2 million or 2.1%, primarily due to a 2.4% increase in the originations of finance receivables. Moving to slide 11, our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2.1 billion of gross financing receivables including $1.8 billion from our U.S. operation. Our worldwide gross financial services portfolio grew $4.1 million in the first quarter. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.5% for U.S. extended credit, improve 10 basis points year-over-year and also reflects the seasonal improvement we typically experience in the first quarter as it relates to extend credit or finance receivables, the largest portion of the portfolio, trailing 12-month losses of $51.4 million represented 3.09% of outstandings at quarter end, that's down 7 basis points sequentially, supporting continued stabilization of the portfolio's credit metric performance. Now turning to slide 12, cash provided by operating activities of $201.3 million in the quarter decreased $30.6 million from comparable 2018 levels primarily reflecting net changes in operating assets and liabilities including the $11.6 million reduction in liability related to the quarter's legal settlement partially offset by higher net earnings. Net cash used by investing activities of $38.7 million included net additions to finance receivables of $18.6 million and capital expenditures of $20.2 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $147.6 million included cash dividends of $52.8 million and the REIT repurchase of 295,000 shares of common stock for $47.4 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of the end of March, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $476.9 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to slide 13, trade and other accounts receivable decreased $17.3 million from 2018 year-end including $1.6 million of favorable currency translation. Days sales outstanding of 65 days compared to 67 days at 2018 year-end. Inventories increased $33.2 million including $1.5 million of favorable foreign currency from 2018 year-end. On a trailing 12 month basis, inventory turns of 2.7 compared to 2.9 times at year-end 2018. At quarter end, cash position of $156.4 million increased $15.5 million from 2018 yearend levels. Our net debt to capital ratio decreased to 22.6% from 24.2% at year-end 2018. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities as of quarter end we had $131.5 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding, a reduction of $45.6 million since year-end 2018. That concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. I'll now turn the call back over to Nick for his closing thoughts, Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Let me sum up, the step on first quarter. Step forward, advancements in several important sectors. The continuing strength of snap on value creation overcoming the challenges and driving improvements in overall earnings and in margins, we continue to be confident in the vehicle repair market, growth in the technician base, the aging of the car parts, the ongoing changes from model to model, the increasing complexity of repair, the rising need for diagnostic aids and greater repair data. These are continuing and favorable trends that offer substantial opportunity. And we believe we're best positioned to take advantage. We saw some confirmation of those possibilities play out in the quarter. Significant progress in the U.S. Van channel up by mid single digits returned to its target range and recording its third straight positive quarter and our vehicle OEM businesses return to growth after three down quarters. Of course there were challenges in the quarter that did partially mask the progress. Unfavorable currency, the largest impact we've seen for some time spotty markets driven by the macro environment in places like the U.K., France, Mexico and other parts of Latin America. But despite those challenges, we prevail the snap on value creation process is driving attractive and profitable new products and authoring a range of process improvements that overcame the difficulties and authored OI margin of 19.1%, up 10 basis points and an adjusted EPS of $3.01 up $0.22 or 7.9% despite the challenge. It was an encouraging quarter which we believe points to abundant opportunities and confirms that snap on has the position, the capabilities, the products, the markets and the markets to continue our positive trend through the rest of 2018 and beyond, 2019 and beyond. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly to our franchisees and associates. Our first quarter results, our positive trends of performance and our significant opportunities going forward would not be possible without your extraordinary contribution for your success in driving our progress. You have my congratulations and for your continuing dedication to our team, you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: Hi, good morning everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Gary.
Gary Prestopino: How are you? Good, good. A couple of questions just real quickly, Aldo, that benefit on the patent litigation that has -- that was a U.S.-based issues, there's no FX impact that either way, right?
Aldo Pagliari: That's correct, Gary.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Then, hey, Nick, could you maybe, in terms of the tool storage, and I'm not looking for an exact number, but did you see both a year-over-year and sequential increase in tool storage product sales in the quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, well year-over-year was up. I think the first quarter is always a little weaker than the fourth quarter on most situations. So I don't think it's a comparable thing. We were pretty encouraged by it though. But I think more than that I'm encouraged by hearing the way franchisees are reacting to our product. I spent a whole day with our National Franchisee Advisory Council over the weekend and they couldn't say enough about it. With some of our new colors and wraps and so on, and some of the new products, that bench, we launched the 1422. We started out calling it the AN, but - the IQON, but that had to do with a special surface. And this takes advantage of that, only it's kind of a much more versatile thing. And that's just an example of the kind of cool things that our guys are bringing out, and they're driving tool storage volume. Now of course, again you have to keep earning their confidence and earning their excitement, but we feel pretty good.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then you said the dealership business bounced back and you feel pretty good about it. That tends to be lumpy. I mean what gives you the confidence and the visibility there, at least for 2019?
Nick Pinchuk: You know, I'm seeing new products and new technologies roll out and I think this is just me talking in terms of my opinion, but I think having worked in the auto industry, what happens is when they behold, an auto industry it turns down like a needle [ph]. And I think IHI predicted downturns in the new car sales. They tend to think about it for a little while. I think they tend to understand -- try to understand where they're going to put their money. And so from time to time it does put a freeze on our projects, not to mention they match technology and so on. And I think after a while they realize how lucrative the aftermarket is with parts and services, so they start investing again. And I think that's what we're seeing. Plus we're seeing programs come out. We can see the programs rise. So, we feel okay about that, although we don't give guidance or anything, but I feel kind of positive. And we said it was going the come back.
Gary Prestopino: Okay, and then lastly -- given the technological complexity of vehicles and all, I mean are you kind of looking at your business, again I don't want specific numbers, but do you guys look at it as a mandate of that, if we got 70 new products out that hit the one million sales mark in 2018, the goal is to increase that every year, every year, every year?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, you know, yes. But I don't like the -- I haven't given out the number because I don't want to nail myself to the cross of that thing. In other words, I don't want to be reporting on it, but generally we want to launch more of those, and we have. In fact I'll give you the -- and note that last year, I think we launched six or seven times more new products than -- about six-and-a-half times, or six to seven times more new products than we had launched in 2006, so about 10 or 11 years ago, so there's been quite -- new hit products, million-dollar products. So, we have been driving it upwards, and it's kind of one of our metrics that we follow here, although if it went down one year I wouldn't be slitting my wrists or anything or really wringing my hands. But on the other hand, we like to see it goes upward. And we also are expanding our product line, not million-dollar products, but the products that address different customers in critical industries. So last year, we introduced 5,242 new products in that area just because we have a whole range of those vertical industries, and we want to adapt to particular demands, particular applications. So that's what's driving our business, new product. And the range of it is what I try to say or try to give a feeling for in my presentation.
Gary Prestopino: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: Could you talk a little bit more about the diagnostics products through the tool vans, I mean maybe give us some -- I think you mentioned Apollo being particularly strong, but maybe give us an update as to where Zeus is. And then my follow-up question for Aldo -- sorry, go ahead.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay, no, go ahead.
Bret Jordan: And I guess the follow-up question is for Aldo really on a housekeeping, just corporate expense, how should we be thinking about that and on sort of an annual run rate. The last year or so we've had some puts and takes as far as legal income or loss. I guess what do we think about core corporate expense spending level.
Aldo Pagliari: I'll answer that one first, I'll let Nick dive into diagnostics. Corporate expense clearly benefited mostly this quarter by the $11.6 million reduction in our liability under the legal matter. But also it benefited in the quarter from about $1.6 million to $2 million or so of pension related expenses, which now fall below the line of the new accounting standard. So pension expense should continue on moving forward, however in the middle of the year you'd typically get the true-up of your census data, find out how long people are living, things of that nature. So, long answer to your question, Bret. I'd still say it's in the $90 million range, $92 million range on an annual basis. And again, you can get puts or takes on that depending on what level of spending might be around due diligence if you're looking at acquisitions or what the actual healthcare cost to the company come in at, that's what creates some noise around the fringes.
Bret Jordan: Okay, perfect.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay, all right. Look, in diagnostics. The diagnostics was up in the Tools Group, fairly -- the Tools Group was kind of a good quarter we thought. I mean you would say it was a good quarter, but was kind of broad advancement, so diagnostics was up positively. The P1000 was the -- the motorcycle diagnostics was a good one, but others sold reasonably well. I didn't say the Apollo was up gangbusters or anything like that, I just referred to Apollo as recognized by Undercar Digest. So, I don't really want to get into what sold and what didn't sell, because you can drive yourself crazy trying to analyze the ups and downs of different diagnostics in the quarter, different diagnostic sales or any different product line in the quarter. We find that not to be a very productive exercise because it depends generally on what people have on the van and how we promote them and how they're focused on selling and what captures their attention. And that changes from quarter to quarter. But I think it's fair to say that it was a fairly robust -- I think I can say fairly robust quarter in diagnostics in Tools Group.
Bret Jordan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning, everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Morning.
David MacGregor: Good morning. Congratulations on a good quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Thank you.
David MacGregor: Could you start off by just talking, Nick, about the regional kickoffs and how did orders compare year-over-year?
Nick Pinchuk: I think orders were about -- I guess it varied from place to place. There was quite a bit of variation this year from place to place. I think it wasn't anything special I would say. But we've learned -- David, what we've learned about this is that I think as you -- I don't if we've learned it, we've known it all along, I think we've kind of tried to articulate this. Whether you're talking about SFC or whether you talk about the kickoffs, they are only one component of the forward action. The biggest thing that happens in the kickoffs, of course, having more orders is better than -- having more orders than - really robust order is better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick, but it doesn't deliver the quarter. And so we had a good kickoff season, but I wouldn't call it really gangbusters. On the other hand the follow-ons were very strong as well. So I think it's useful to look at it, but it isn't definitive even for the immediate quarter. We felt good about it. I particularly felt good about the training that occurred and some of the coaching that occurred in those situations, because our product line is only getting more complicated. It's more powerful, and it's generating great margins, as you can see in our product lines.
David MacGregor: How would you say promotional activity kickoffs compared year-over-year?
Nick Pinchuk: I think about the same. One of the great things I heard -- I read a lot of things. One of the great things, I was with the franchisees this weekend, like I said, last week. And one of the great things, music to my ears, they said "You've given us the best values we ever had." That's what I want them to say. By the way, our margins overall for the corporation, 51.2%, gross margins I'm talking about. I don't like to talk about gross margins, but in this instance I will. 51.2% against currency was the highest in 20 years. The Tools Group - the Tools Group -- around the highest in 20 years, but the thing is very good. And the Tools Group was very robust, and it against 40 basis points of currency. So I love people saying you gave us great value. And by the way, that great value translated into good margins for us.
David MacGregor: Right. Well, Nick, maybe my next question, you could open the Tools Group gross margins up for a little bit, like you did last quarter. And I think last quarter you talked about -- it was negative back ships, raw material issues, there was some negative FX from RCI. Could you just open that up? It was a little bit stronger than we expected, and I'd love to understand the puts and takes…
Nick Pinchuk: New products. New product drives a lot of that. That's one of the things. And our guys' programs are very creative, and they impel selling, and they attract franchisees even if it's not new product, so that's part of the magic of the magician doing it. But coming back to your question, we had about, I think, in gross margin we had about 40 basis points of bad news in currency. And then there we had a slug. I don't want to really get into material costs and tariffs and all that stuff, there's a lot of turbulence. And we're not as vulnerable as a lot of people, but we have impact. Everybody else knows what's happened with material costs, it's going up. We usually -- we offset them. So in this quarter, the Tools gross margin is a great example. Look, you got currency. You got turbulence in the supply chain. You have some impact in tariffs, which we worked through. And yes, we've kept it flat. We had all of those running through our overall P&L and she shook them off, plus big currency. So I'm pretty happy about Snap-on value creation this quarter.
David MacGregor: Was there much change in the international gross margins?
Nick Pinchuk: I think there was. I think in general, you know, as you might think, in the U.K. U.K. has been struggling a little bit, so we tend to want to try to get that started back on the train. And so anybody who is running a business like that that's in that kind of turbulence really tries to push around in terms of maybe making some concessions and so on. So I don't think the international gross margins were as robust as the U.S., for sure. And it reflects the idea that the sales were down. And that's what those guys do, that's what we ask them to do, get the train started again, and then we worry about getting our money after that train starts.
David MacGregor: Thanks. Last question for me is just the originations, up 2.4%, I guess, on the finance receivables subset. Is it possible that -- you talked about the strength in storage and in diagnostics in the Tool segment, was it possible your ASPs were down? Units were up; ASPs were down or at least were muted? I'm trying to reconcile the 2% with kind of the commentary that…
Nick Pinchuk: I'll let Aldo talk in a minute, but I got to say this. First of all, there isn't temporal connection between the originations in one quarter and the selling, of course because there's time differences and so on there's a lot of things that flow through this. So it's not a productive -- I don't think it's very easy, even by us, to be able to necessarily tie those two together very directly. You have to look over at March at time and look for -- because I guess the best way to say it is, for connection between sales of new products -- sales of product and originations a quarter isn't necessarily a significant time period.
David MacGregor: Okay.
Aldo Pagliari: I've got to agree with that, David. It's just a matter of timing more than anything else. So the other slight differences to make your modeling more difficult, you have to remember the EC originations will report that as not currency affected. So, you look at the currency variations, they create some noise as well. But mostly it's timing.
David MacGregor: So what would the timing influence have been on that 2% number?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, we'll wait and see. We'll see what Q2 has to portray. It depends what the franchisees do with selling off what they bought in Q1, doesn't it.
David MacGregor: Yes. Okay, thanks, gentlemen.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure, thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Christopher Glynn: So, just a question about C&I, it's always a little bit lumpy, you get strong quarters, some softer quarters. Just wondering if you see the backdrop to support the kind of mid single-digit performance you expect over the long-term in the ensuing periods. And in particular what might be moving around with the APAC in the critical industries?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, look, I think you could argue critical industries, this quarter we had a couple of -- we've gotten a couple of big government jobs, big defense systems that are military jobs that are good for us. The idea that government go and cross the T's and dotting the I's and getting all that stuff out we're confident we're going to have those, but they were delayed out of the quarter, and that that kind of was created at that attenuation of some significance for the C&I Group. And then, there's a few markets which give them some problems particularly and gave them some problems this time, they sell into Latin America. They had some problems and they had some weakness in those markets. Mexico tends to be a bigger market for them in this situation. And so, they had those kinds of difficulties if you talk about Asia-Pacific, China is very good news on China. China was particularly down, but India was really encouraging. So I think we're looking forward, we're starting to think that China and India are horns on the same boat where everybody starts to think that that China is the big Kahuna and everything will India is starting to come up for us. We're starting to get big shells work, we're making increases in leaps and bounds in that environment and we don't see it attenuating. So I'm reasonably encouraged. Now of course aren't probably going to kick myself for saying this, but C&I is one of the most international businesses and there are turbulences around the world. You don't have to look at Europe too hard to see Germany wondering what's happening to the industry there. You see the U.K. and so on. So, you see some ups and downs but C&I did okay in those markets, they had problems in the peripheral markets like Mexico and Latin America and in Middle East and so on. I don't think that's going to last.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, thanks. And then I don't…
Nick Pinchuk: I feel pretty, I just the reason it is that I feel pretty positive about are our products. For example, Asia-Pacific start to sell to people like Cormack with the ATC, the ATC start to become the tool storage Foreign Object Damage product of choice in Asia that takes off it's good for us. So I feel good about those things.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then for the SOT margins, some apparently nice mixed recovery from the fourth quarter you talked about new products in particular hitting and you had some discounting I think to end the year last year, so just wondered if we should expect the mixed dynamics and discounting to flop around a little bit or if the first quarter is really a lot more representative than fourth quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, look I think what happened in the fourth quarter was more like we wanted to focus on customers. I think what we said was in diagnostics we wanted to focus on customers that weren't that interested in software. So we energized around the last generation products the solace and the modest. And sold those and of course they were last generation, so they tended to be less margins and other things. We that would be what happened in the fourth quarter, we're pivoting away with that, away from that now and we're making some adjustments in our new generation product lines to appeal to people who are less enthusiastic about software and still we're able to sell it to them. So I don't think that's going to repeat itself although Murphy's Law being what it is, I don't think by intent that will repeat itself. I don't see us going there by intent. I feel pretty good about the tools March now. Currency is going to continue. I mean what we see is that currency was pretty big this quarter, I think $6.2 million, $0.08 we see if everything stays away it is now, we see next quarter's kind of the same thing starts to get better in the third quarter and it kind of flattens out to fourth quarter but we're going to see currency headwinds in the Tools group in particular in the quarter, so we won't get rid of that. That's the thing, but I still feel pretty good about the margins I think when I talk to our franchisees and I talk to their guys they seem confident there's a spring in their step.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. So you did see the network's success in driving some incremental interest in the intelligent products for mass?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I think what I'm saying is we're making we made adjustments around that and we're launching new products, we're going to launch new products as we go forward and we did see some improvements this quarter, the fourth quarter as I said was a specific activity that said, I think I said we found after several quarters of driving intelligent diagnostics with the big data package, we're leaving a certain customer segment behind. So we went after them in the fourth quarter, we're not going after them anymore because we thought we sold them. We added them. We got them in the fold back in the fold.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And for…
Nick Pinchuk: Not doing special this time.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And just a quick one on international, is that just kind of stable leaky or still getting hands around what's going on with the international franchise?
Nick Pinchuk: Wow, our job is to fix things like that, okay. But so, you can get better, but it's still a headache. You mentioned U.K. to me and the Tools Group and I immediately get a migraine, but it is getting better Europe -- in the last few quarters have gotten better. So it hasn't been to Australia still problem, but some of them gotten better. So that particular business has gotten better still not as fast as the U.S. I do feel okay about it. So I think our people are taking action. And we're not just not sitting still we're acting on this. And so, I believe we're on an upward trajectory, the time concept of that structure. The slope of that trajectory is another question.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from David Leiker with Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Hi, this is Joe Vruwink for David.
Nick Pinchuk: Hello, Joe.
Joe Vruwink: I did that mid-single digit growth and U.S. Tools Group pretty well match rates of sellouts in the quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, it was -- I think, the sales of the bandwidth a little bit lower, but generally, when you look over, three, four or five quarters are about the same. What's going on a van is going off, so no big difference.
Joe Vruwink: And when you think it, I think you said it's three straight quarters now have kind of a nice return to growth in the U.S. tools business. When you think about the driver behind that, obviously on these quarterly calls, so you talk a lot about new product and I think you've had some compelling new product in the last three quarters to drive it, how much of the return to mid-single digit would you squarely place on new product as opposed to maybe some other initiatives you might have tried out?
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know. I mean, I think new product is a thing, which energizes the franchise it's a kind of thing, which gets people to get on the van. They buy the new product and they buy some other things as well. Now, of course, that is necessarily true, it's a $10,000 toolbox or something. But generally, if they're buying a let's say, in FDX instead of sockets with FDX, a Flank Drive Extra, you get them on the van, they end up leaving with something else usually. So I think there's that kind of thing. So I don't think we never really track how much of new product drives that. I do know, though that it's a robust portion because they drive good margins. Anytime we bring out a new project -- a new product, we get our value for them. And so, you see the Tools Group nice margin. That's why we liked the new product. And the cool thing about it is, despite what people might think is that generally the changing vehicle complexity is pretty strong. And the cool thing about this is I know that some people would say that technicians aren't growing quickly and you know they are growing like 1%. But everywhere I go, people say I can't feel the jobs I have. So we're seeing, I anticipate in the future, some influx of new technicians. That's why we're spending all it's time and schools. That's why we have 468 schools using Snap-on certified Snap-on certifications. And we're in 2500 schools because we're making those people that are going to eventually fill those slots, customers for life. So I feel okay about I think the Tools Group is pretty good. Now I would correct you on one thing. I did not say that it was robust growth for three quarters; I only said it was a growth for three quarters. So some of that growth was a little slimmer than the mid-single digits, let's say. But it's a positive to see them moving upwards, if there's a trajectory there, that if you're a guy like me, you're pretty encouraged.
Joe Vruwink: Yes, and then just a return, since you brought up the mechanic and shortage we have in this country. One of the byproducts is if you are a mechanic, you're obviously getting very healthy earnings growth at the moment, a good wage growth.
Nick Pinchuk: 4.4% ELS data.
Joe Vruwink: So when you think about the improvements and the risk metrics of the asset book. Obviously, delinquencies moving around -- moving down, maybe switch back to the health of the mechanic customer. How much is not related to that however, and maybe more conscious actions by Snap-on in the last two years to maybe skewed the risk of the profile a bit differently than in that '15-'16 timeframe?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think there is both in there. It's hard for me to -- it's hard for me to parse between those. I mean you will be entitled to both of those ideas. Look, I think the thing is I mean people have talked about this. And I think somebody might reasonably ask me and say, well, is that the appropriate level of losses? Well, I think people have worry that those losses were going to go through the roof. I think not. It's certainly we have been sitting at and we have been dealing with that for a long time. And it has not gone through the roof. And by the way, the fact does anybody thinks the finance company isn't a good business? It is. And so, I do believe we feel pretty confident about the quality of those loans, and getting better is a combination possibly of both things, I think.
Joe Vruwink: And then, one last question. For the international tools grew business to ultimately only be down low single digit, was that better than you expected entering this quarter given the threat of Brexit and maybe the chaos that creates?
Aldo Pagliari: The guys who run those businesses are listening to this call. So, I am not going to say that I was happy with being them. That's all I will say about that.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Fair point. Thanks very much.
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Curtis Nagle with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Curtis Nagle: Great. Thanks very much and so apology if I missed this point, but diagnostics within RS&I was at up or down. And then, do you guys have any new platforms launching ex motorcycle?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, look, diagnostics in the tools group was up. Diagnostics in the RS&I group can be split into two categories. One is sales for the tools group. And then it sells a variety of software and diagnostic-related software and handheld units outside the tools group outside the van distribution. So the sales through the tools group were up in the quarter for diagnostics. The sales outside of the software particularly in the U.K. that software that was down quite a bit in this quarter, so that the -- the net of that diagnostics inside RS&I was down some, but if you parse them, healthy to the tools group. Outside that channel, down primarily because it's software stuff that rolling -- software stuff that was rolling through Europe and it wasn't as strong. It wasn't strong. Now in terms of introductions, it's already been announced that we are bringing out -- I was told not to talk about this on the call, but since you asked we have already announced the introduction of something called the Triton which is the replacement sort of like the one level down from the ZEUS and above the Apollo. You might -- so that kind of business it's replacement for what we call the MODIS. And that's been launched just recently -- just in the second quarter. So, we didn't have any sales at all in the first quarter. And we are still kind of rolling it out. When you roll these things out, you don't necessarily roll them out nationally. So that has the kind of thing that's happening now. But, we are pretty -- I think talking to the franchises over the weekend who had some of -- whom had seen it and had the -- saw the presentation, they were pretty positive about it. It's a $35 to $4000 product. Good product. And we think it will be a good seller. It adds the addition of scoping. So, it's aimed at mechanics who are working on projects that are high value and they can't afford to replace the component that they found is the problem. And has taken them three hours to remove, they can't afford to replace that problem. It takes three hours to remove and replace it and find out it wasn't bad. While the Triton different than the Apollo will allow you test that component before you take it out, and say is it good or bad. So it avoids big mistakes and makes it much more efficient in the garage for those people who are doing those kinds of activities.
Curtis Nagle: Got it. It's very helpful. I appreciate it, Nick. And then I know it's a new category for you guys, but I guess it starts on potential to -- or how much you can grown motorcycle diagnostics? How big is that business?
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know. We just we launched it in the first quarter with a good seller. We will see. I think we feel pretty good though. I mean there are a lot of motorcycles around. Lot of motorcycle shops, and this is the only all makes -- or pretty much all makes all models diagnostic. So it's as I said on the call, it's an underserved market. It was received enthusiasm. I feel positive about it. But to dimension it, it's a little early. We are not experiencing that thing yet. It is a good seller over in the quarter. Sure.
Curtis Nagle: Okay. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Ivan Feinseth with Tigress Financial Partners.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you for taking my call and congratulations on another great quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Thank you, Ivan.
Aldo Pagliari: Thank you.
Ivan Feinseth: My question is with all the great torque tools that you make, you really don't talk about opportunities in just general OEM manufacturing. I think there is so many areas of manufacturing for pumps, compressors, pretty much every bolt needs to torqued. Have you seen the opportunity?
Nick Pinchuk: No, we actually have a category called general industry. I did mention general industry as being up in the critical industries area. And that's where we use torque. And you are very right. We would use -- we do use it in general industry quite a bit. They tend to be more one-off type of applications where the airplanes like I said there are lot of different situations where you can categorize them in bigger buckets. I think the general industry tends to be a little bit more customized. So, we tend not to mention in these calls, but it's a big category for us. You are very right. And so, we have a lot of opportunities there. And that's why we acquired Sturtevant Richmont. We acquired fast torque. We acquired Norbar to add to that capability of City of Industry, California. We will be coming -- we feel pretty good that in the industrial sector we may be the top torque business. We believe we may be the top torque business. And we are getting better because we are matching all our capabilities like talked about Sturtevant Richmont with their wireless capability together with a micro capability to compact capabilities of our City of Industry, our traditional strength putting together that BLEC tech micro. That's the kind of thing we are see in the future. And we believe that torque because everybody is looking for more positioning including the automotive industry, you know, by the time vehicles come precision is going to be really important because you don't want to be hitting the automatic part if you are not in precise calibration.
Ivan Feinseth: Yes, I am excited -- I like acquisition you have made in the torque area and I think there is a huge growth opportunity there.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks.
Ivan Feinseth: And I am also excited about new motorcycle diagnostic system, so I look forward to hearing…
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, that will be cool. Hopefully -- I can't believe we didn't do it earlier. So when I was saying…
Ivan Feinseth: Yes, me too.
Nick Pinchuk: There are so many opportunities at Snap-on for growth. Every time we do something like this, we say to ourselves what happened. How is it we didn't think of that earlier? So, -- okay.
Ivan Feinseth: Congratulations and thanks again.
Nick Pinchuk: Thank you very much.
Aldo Pagliari: Thank you, guys.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back to Sara Verbsky for any additional or closing remarks.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. And as always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Results Investor Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Sara Verbsky. Please go ahead.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's fourth quarter results, which are detailed in our press release, issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer, as well as on our website snapon.com under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website, along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release and conference call slide deck, which can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everybody. Today I'll start with the view of our fourth quarter, give you an update on the environment and the trends we see, take you through some of the turbulence we've encountered and speak about the progress we've made. As usual, Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of the financials. Results for the quarter, for the full year, this time include a number of special non-recurring legal tax and debt events that affected our as-reported levels. So to provide greater clarity, we're going to refer to amounts excluding those onetime effects as an as-adjusted number to make everything comparable from an overview level. And when you look through it all, Snap-on did see external turbulence in a number of areas but we offset those challenges by and large and make what I think is recognizable progress. We saw disparity from group to group and within each group, but overall we're encouraged by our position for going forward. Fourth quarter sales of $952.5 million as reported were down 2.3%, including $17.1 million or 180 basis point impact from unfavorable foreign currency, much different than the beginning of the year. Organic sales were about flat down 0.6%. Generally shortfalls in the OEM dealership arena and in our international franchise businesses, including the U.K. were about offset by gains in critical industries, our Asia Pacific region and the beginning growth in the U.S. van channel. From an earnings perspective, our OpCo operating income for the quarter, including the onetime benefit from a legal settlement and an offsetting impact of unfavorable foreign currency effect was $182.1 million, increasing 15.3% compared to last year, which also included legal impacts. OI margin for the quarter, as reported, was 19.1%, up 290 basis points. On an as-adjusted basis, excluding the non-recurring items the OI margin was 18.7% compared with 19.4% in 2017. For financial services, operating income of $56.1 million was up compared to last year's $54.4 million. As reported OI margin including both the financial services and OpCo was 23%, up 290 basis points. The as adjusted OI margin was 22.6% compared to the as adjusted 23.1% recorded last year. So we're trying to give you a comparable on this. Quarterly as reported EPS of $3.09 was $0.85 or 37.9% above last year's. On an as-adjusted basis, the EPS was $3.03, exceeding the $2.69 from last year by $0.34, an increase of 12.6%. Those are the numbers. Now let's speak about the markets. Well, we believe the automotive repair environment continues to be generally favorable. Having said that though and in the area of serving vehicle OEMs and dealerships, we have seen some pause. We think that's likely associated with the multiple forecasts for lower new car sales and the uncertainty that often the companies they transition from a strong vehicle industry to a more moderate sales environment. Based on our past experience though, it's not clear how long that uncertainty continues. Lower new car sales can also ignite greater interest in dealer and dealership repair activity. On the other hand, we've been hearing from our franchisees and from technicians and from the shop owners themselves that there's considerable optimism in the independent repair -- that the optimism in the independent repair shops is strong and unaffected by those the latest OEM forecasts as you might expect. So we believe vehicle repair remains a favorable place to operate. For critical industries, we're seeing progress, significant progress, strong activity in aviation and general industry. In that arena for us, calendarization of orders can create variation from quarter-to-quarter, but our overall activity trend continues to look quite promising. We do like the trajectory in critical industries. It's very positive. And that positive extended across our C&I group including Asia Pacific, double-digit growth and as seen in the Europe showing mixed, but positive results across the continent more than offsetting the clear impact of Brexit. We do believe we're well positioned to confront the challenges of this particular period and to make progress along our runways for growth. We're also confident that we have continuing potential on our runways for improvement Snap-on Value Creation Processes, Safety, Quality, Customer Connection, Innovation and Rapid Continuous Improvement. They're constant fuel for our progress especially customer connection understanding the work of professional technicians and innovation matching that insight with technology. We believe -- I'm going to talk about little bit, we believe our product lineup is growing stronger every day and we keep investing to make it so because we believe in our potential. So across the corporation, I would characterize our markets as mixed, positive with significant potential yet turbulent from period-to-period. Now for the full year, sales worth $3.74 billion, an increase of 1.5% as reported and 0.5% organically, the critical industries overcoming shortfall in the vehicle OEM dealership arena and relative flatness over the year in the Tools Group. As reported OpCo margins for the year were -- was 19.4%, up 140 basis points. Excluding the onetime events, the OpCo margin percent as adjusted was 19.3% compared with an as adjusted 19.3% for last year, maintaining our profitability against the turbulence. As reported earnings per share for the year was $11.87, up 24.7%. And excluding the non-recurring events, the EPS was $11.81, up $1.69 or 16.7% compared to last year's as adjusted number. When we include the income from financial services of $230.1 million, which rose $12.6 million in the year, the consolidated operating margin for the corporation was 23.5% or an as adjusted -- or as adjusted 23.4%, up 20 basis points. That's the overview. Now, let's talk about the individual operating groups and their fourth quarter results. I'll start with C&I. Reported sales for the group including $400,000 of acquisition-related volume and $9.9 million of unfavorable currency grew $2 million or 6%. Organic sales increased $11.5 million or 3.5%. Robust performances in our Asia Pacific operation and our specialty torque division. I haven't talked about it very much before, but torque is getting bigger where particularly -- those two were particularly encouraging. Beyond that SNA Europe -- the SNA Europe operation and the industrial division both registered low single-digit growth with mixed results across the industries and the geographies. SNA Europe recorded single-digit increases in most of the core European markets that were partially offset by a double-digit decline in the U.K. overall growth despite the well-publicized uncertainty that's Brexit in this time period. Now, the Industrial division also showed variation across the business, up for aerospace and general industry, partially offset by some softness in natural resources in military, but overall showing a positive outlook. C&I operating income was about flat with 2017, $50.8 million, down about $500,000 from last year. Operating margin was 14.8%, down 20 basis points, reflecting the effect of the expansion in Asia Pacific. And Asia Pacific did expand more than offset -- it expanded more than offsetting the turbulence in China by gains in other key markets particularly India but also Thailand and Indonesia. Advances that were made possible only by customer connection and innovation. Two of our Snap-on Value Creation Processes is driving new products in markets like India, effective products like those in our Blue-Point hand tool offering. This year we added almost 300 new tools to the Blue-Point lineup and it helped drive those expanded sales on the subcontinent. Another success in India was the Asian Dragon Imaging Aligner ideal for tight spaces. It's a high-end imaging aligner and a compact package perfect for the really small footprints of the Indian repair shops and the customers in India they seem to agree. Also strong in C&I as I mentioned before is our specialty torque business. It's making encouraging strides, strong growth driven in part by widening array of new offerings developed by -- developed in combination with the SNA Europe and our specialty torque operations, products like our new powerful wireless torque control unit. That is -- that has been co-developed by SNA Europe and specialty torque. Demand -- there's a demand for efficiency and autonomy across the critical markets. And with that torque precision -- the torque precision is rising in importance and Snap-on combining our long-held experience in that field with the capability of our new torque acquisitions like Sturtevant Richmont and Norbar we're poised to take advantage. And you can see it in this new unit. The new torque control unit is a great example. It puts together Snap-on SNA Europe's industry-leading ergonomic design capabilities with Sturtevant Richmont's wireless capabilities. It also incorporates Sturtevant Richmont's unique DIN style rectangular connector accommodating a wide variety of interchangeable wrenches allowing to engage a broad array of customers like no other product in the aviation and natural resources and heavy duty and in general industry. It's another timely add to Snap-on SNA Europe's lineup and it clearly matches the industry trends, it's going to be a big seller. Now let's talk about the Industrial division focused on critical industries, outside the vehicle garage gains now accomplished for nine straight quarters. And that trend's been driven by customer connection extending our understanding of critical work. That progress -- the progress of understanding the work can be measured in the number of new tool solutions we offer each year. Well just last year we added over 5,000 new products to our critical industry lineup. That's quite a few. So I think you can say with -- we say with confidence, we're rolling the Snap-on brand out of the garage extending to critical industries with greater strength than ever before. Critical industries is a favorable market environment and we're amplifying that opportunity with innovative new products aimed at solving the task of -- consequence that inhabit that space. And the result is encouraging. Now let's talk about the Tools Group. Organic sales about flat, up 0.4%, but continued growth in the U.S. operations up low single-digits, a positive that was again offset by a decline in the international operations including the U.K. Operating income in the quarter was $57 million comparing with $67.3 million in 2017. The OI margin was 14.0%, a 240 basis point decrease. You can see that in the recent swing to unfavorable currency transactions from a positive position in the prior quarter and product mix and an increased spending to strengthen franchisee support. Those were all the drivers of that margin. In the quarter and throughout the year, however, the Tools Group did confirm the strength and the market-leading position of our van network. And that's evident so clearly in the recent financials, but it was somewhat visible in the franchisee sales gain of the vans in the quarter and it was clear in the franchisee health metrics. Those health metrics is monitored each quarter. The franchisees and the networks are strong and the position -- and that positivity was once again acknowledged by multiple publications all listing Snap-on as a franchise of choice. This quarter we were once again ranked among the top franchise organizations both in the U.S. and abroad. We were again recognized by Franchise Business Review, which is the latest ranking for -- which in it's latest ranking for our franchisee satisfaction listed Snap-on as a top 50 franchise making the 12th -- marking the 12th consecutive year we received that award. We were also ranked number one among all franchisees in Entrepreneur magazine's 2018 List of Top Franchises for Veterans. And abroad Snap-on was ranked number four in the Elite Franchise Magazine's top U.K. franchises for 2018. So this is -- finishing above a number of prominent international and U.K.-only franchises. Now this type of recognition reflects the fundamental strength of our franchisees and of our van business in general and it wouldn't have been achieved without continuously investing in a continuous stream of innovative new products. And in 2018, we – once again the Tools Group increased, the number of hit products those million-dollar sellers developed from a direct observation gained in the field. One is our Flex-Head ratcheting wrench. We just launched a full complement of these powerful problem-solvers, the ratcheting wrenches. And we've been expanding our new line continuously and the Flex-Head is the latest addition. The flexibility of the head makes it possible to access fasteners in very difficult locations alternator brackets, motor mounts, serpentine belts and suspension bolts. And we put that – the new Flex-Head together with Snap-on's durable gearing extraordinary length and low profile. It all combines for industry-leading strength, power and accessibility. It's another hit product and it makes the line of Snap-on ratcheting wrenches even stronger, even more versatile. And believe me we've been working hard to strengthen our tool storage line-up migrating some of the premium options like power drawer and speed organizers into to mid-range, equipping our heavy-duty shops with some of the advanced options like AC outlets and USB ports and introducing our KMP1422, the mid-tier with high capacity and small footprint. And this past quarter, we introduced our new flip color schemes creating boxes that shift colors under different conditions and viewing angles, three different patterns with three distinct color shifts burgundy to bronze, blue to purple to orange and gray to blue to gold. They're brand new, but they're catching attention and selling well. The Tools Group maybe below the growth trend, but we keep investing. We keep building its strength with new product and network vitality and it's starting to bring the U.S. channel back into its growth trajectory. Well that's the Tools Group. Now, let's move to RS&I. Volume in the fourth quarter was $339.9 million down organically 3.5%, primarily because of high single-digit decreases in our businesses focused on vehicle OEMs and their dealerships. A turbulent – it's a turbulent period in that lumpy project-driven sector. RS&I operating earnings of $87.4 million decreased $2.8 million, including $1.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency. OI margin was strong 25.7% up 40 basis points from last year with growth in innovative software and information products driving that progress. Along those lines, our Mitchell1 division providing software to independent shops, continues to pursue customer connection and innovation bringing great new products to improve shop efficiency. An example – as an example, we just added our ADAS Quick Link to the Mitchell lineup. The new Advanced Driver Assistant System or ADAS helps technician diagnose repair and calibrate a variety of driver-assist functions making the required repair information component locations, wiring diagrams, repair procedures and recalibration processes all available with ease with incredible ease and it offers data. It offers data on products for all OEM brands. So it creates that data at the fingertips for the technicians for all the OEM brands. Our ADAS Quick Link is unique in the industry and it clearly drives shop and technician's productivity. It makes the repair of lane departure warnings adaptive cruise control and other driver assist – other driver assist much easier. It's already received and it's – and it will be quite popular in the days ahead. Another example of how Snap-on Value Creation is authoring that continuous trend at Mitchell1. We keep driving to expand RS&I's position with repair shop owners and managers offering more new products to sell developed by the value -- our Value Creation Processes or added by our strategic and coherent acquisitions. And we're confident that it's a winning formula. Well that's our quarter. OpCo organic sales decreased 0.6% about flat to last year. Significant positives in the critical space that is C&I, favorable trends in the Industrial business, gains in India, Thailand and Indonesia overcoming the China turbulence and the ongoing return of the U.S. van channel to growth. The impacts of near uncertainty transition to lower auto sales and a turbulence of Brexit about offset by those positive gains. OI margin as adjusted 18.7%, down 70 basis points, still strong, but impacted by the shortfall in the van channel, the unfavorable flip in the currencies and the spending strengthening our U.S. van channel and overall as-adjusted EPS of $3.03, up 12.6%. That's our quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on slide 6. Net sales of $952.5 million in the quarter were down 2.3%, reflecting a 0.6% organic sales decline $0.4 million of acquisition-related sales and $17.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales decrease this quarter principally reflected low single-digit declines in sales to repair shop owners and managers in the Repair Systems and Information segment largely offset by a low single-digit growth in the Commercial & Industrial segment. Sales in the Snap-on Tools segment were essentially flat, but reflected low single-digit gains in the U.S. franchise operations. Consolidated gross margin of 48% grew 20 basis points, primarily due to savings from RCI initiatives, partially offset by higher material and other cost. The operating expense margin of 28.9% reflected 40 basis points of benefit from the $4.3 million legal settlement Nick referred to earlier. This compares to an operating expense margin of 31.6% last year, which included 320 basis points of negative effect associated with the $30.9 million legal charge incurred during Q4 of 2017. Operating earnings before financial services of $182.1 million or 19.1% of sales compares to $158 million or 16.2% of sales in Q4 2017. Excluding the effects of the legal items in both years as-adjusted, operating margin before financial services of 18.7% compared to 19.4% last year. Financial services revenue of $82.7 million and operating earnings of $56.1 million, increased $2.8 million and $1.7 million respectively from 2017. Consolidated operating earnings of $238.2 million and 23% of revenues including $4.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $212.4 million or 20.1% of revenues a year ago. Excluding the effects of the legal items in both years as-adjusted, operating margin of 22.6% compared to 23.1% last year. Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate of 22% compared to 33% last year. Our Q4 2017 rate was reduced by 120 basis points as a result of the legal charge recorded in that period, but was increased by 360 basis points as a result of the $7 million charge related to the implementation of the new tax legislation in the U.S.. Excluding both the legal and tax charges, the effective tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2017 as adjusted was 30.6%. Finally, net earnings on a reported basis of $175 million or $3.09 per share including a $0.06 unfavorable impact associated with foreign currency compared to $129.5 million or $2.24 per share a year ago. Excluding $0.06 per share for the legal settlement, adjusted earnings per share were $3.03, up 12.6% compared to Q4, 2017 adjusted earnings per share of $2.69 which excluded the legal and tax charges last year. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with C&I group on slide 7. Sales of $343.7 million in the quarter increased 0.6% reflecting a 3.5% organic sales gain and $0.4 million of acquisition-related sales, partially offset by $9.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic increase included a double-digit gain in sales in both our Asia Pacific operations and specialty tools business, as well as low single-digit gains in our European-based hand tools business and in sales to customers in critical industries. Asia benefited from a strong sales performance in India and across Southeast Asia more than overcoming lower sales in China. Within the critical industries, continued strength in sales into the aerospace segment, as well as in general industry more than offset softer sales to the military and natural resources. Gross margin of 38.5% decreased 80 basis points primarily due to this higher sales volumes of lower gross margin products, principally in Asia Pacific as well as higher material and other costs, partially offset by savings from RCI initiatives. The operating expense margin of 23.7% improved 60 basis points primarily as a result of sales volume leverage. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $50.8 million decreased 1% and the operating margin of 14.8% decreased 20 basis points from 15% in 2017. Turning now to slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $407.4 million decreased 0.4% reflecting a 0.4% organic sales increase more than offset by $3.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales change includes a low single-digit increase in the U.S., partially offset by a low single-digit decline internationally. Gross margin of 40.2% decreased 120 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to increased sales of lower gross margin products as well as 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects and higher material and other costs. The operating expense margin of 26.2% increased 120 basis points year-over-year primarily due to higher cost, including efforts to provide greater levels of; field, marketing and technical support for our franchisees. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $57 million decreased 15.3% and the operating margin of 14% compared to 16.4% in 2017. Turning to the RS&I group shown on slide 9. Sales of $339.9 million decreased 4.7% reflecting a 3.5% organic sales decline and $4.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The lower organic sales, reflects a high single-digit decline in sales to OEM dealerships and a low single-digit decrease in sales of under car equipment. Gross margin of 47.5% improved 210 basis points, primarily as a result of the shift in sales that included reduced volumes within our OEM facilitation programs, which typically feature lower gross margin products. Gross margin also benefited from RCI. The operating expense margin of 21.8% increased 170 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to the effect of lower OEM facilitation sales volumes and higher other costs. Operating earnings for the RS&I group of $87.4 million, decreased 3.1% from prior year levels. However, the operating margin of 25.7% improved 40 basis points from last year. Now turning to slide 10. Operating earnings from financial services of $56.1 million on revenue of $82.7 million increased 3.1% and 3.5% respectively from a year ago. Fourth quarter financial services expenses of $26.6 million increased $1.1 million primarily to a -- due to a $500,000 year-over-year increase in provisions for losses on contract receivables and increases in other operating expenses. Total provision expense for finance receivables of $16 million in the fourth quarter was the same as in 2017. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 1.3% in both of the fourth quarters of 2018 and 2017. The average yield on finance receivables in the fourth quarter was 17.7%, compared to 17.8% in 2017 driven principally by product mix and reflective of the credit quality of customers originating loans over the past several months. The respective average yield on contract receivables was 9.2% for both 2017 and 2018. Total loan originations of $267.1 million increased $2.1 million or 0.8% year-over-year due to higher originations of contract receivables principally franchise finance. While finance receivable originations were essentially flat we did see some sequential year-over-year improvement in the United States. Moving to slide 11. Our quarter-end balance sheet includes approximately $2.1 billion of gross financing receivables including $1.8 billion from our U.S. operation. Our worldwide gross financial services portfolio grew $16.8 million in the fourth quarter. As for the 60-day-plus delinquency trends, they are stable year-over-year and also reflect the seasonal increase we typically experience in Q4. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, the largest portion of the portfolio trailing 12-month net losses of $52.3 million represented 3.16% of outstandings at quarter-end, up 24 basis points year-over-year, but essentially flat sequentially again this quarter further supporting continued stabilization in the portfolio's credit metric performance. Now turning to slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $215.9 million in the quarter increased $22.4 million or 11.6% from comparable 2017 levels, primarily reflecting higher net earnings, partially offset by the settlement of the employment-related litigation matter. Net cash used by investing activities of $60.8 million, included net additions to finance receivables of $38.4 million and capital expenditures of $22.4 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $135.1 million, included cash dividends of $53.1 million and a repurchase of 630,000 shares of common stock for $99.7 million under our existing share repurchase programs. Full year 2018 share repurchases totaled 1.769 million shares for $284.1 million. As of year-end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $215.7 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $17 million from 2017 year-end, including $20.8 million of unfavorable currency translation. Days sales outstanding of 67 days compared to 66 days of 2017 year-end. Inventories increased $35 million including $23.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency from 2017 year-end. As a reminder, the increase in inventory from 2017 year-end included $20.9 million related to the recognition of an inventory asset associated with the adoption of ASU Topic 606 on revenue recognition. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.9 compared to 3.2 at year-end 2017. Inventories decreased approximately $17 million from the end of the third quarter. Our year-end cash position of $140.9 million increased $48.9 million from 2017 year-end levels. Our net debt-to-capital ratio decreased to 24.5% from 27% at year-end 2017. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities. As of quarter-end we had $177.1 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2019. We anticipate that capital expenditures will be in the range of $90 million to $100 million. We currently anticipate that our full year 2019 effective income tax rate will be comparable to our full year 2018 effective tax rate of 24%. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Snap-on fourth quarter, near-term turbulence, the auto sales transition and the associated uncertainty and the effect of Brexit, all of that about to offset by C&I stable trajectory, continuing – the favorable trajectory of C&I, continuing to extend in critical industries, Asia Pacific progressing, overcoming China's turbulence, and the Tools U.S. recovery. We believe strongly in our opportunities for growth and improvement. That's why we're keeping increasing our customer connection, working on innovation and launching new products. Looking forward, we see attractive opportunity and we believe we have a strong position to take advantage, a position in products. And an optimistic and capable van network, and a growing penetration of critical industry, and a building array of unique repair databases, and an expanding capability in the broad markets of Asia Pacific, all serving as an effective base for moving forward, for offsetting turbulence and for achieving a positive trajectory through 2019 and beyond. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly to our franchisees and associates around the world. I know you more than anyone, see the turbulence today. And I know that we've been able to prevail because of your extraordinary capability, energy and dedication. For your role in our progress, you have my admiration. And for your unfailing commitment to our team, you have my thanks. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Curtis Nagle with Bank of America.
Curtis Nagle: Good morning. Thanks very much for taking the question. So I guess the first one. Good morning Nick, how are you.
Nick Pinchuk: Fine.
Curtis Nagle: Could you guys talk -- maybe speak just a little more specifically about why you guys are -- sounds like pretty confident that U.S. franchise business is on a trajectory of sustaining growth after a couple of years of fairly modest results on a revenue basis.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Look I think this is the thing. I mean there are lots of goes-ins and goes-outs in this quarter as you can listen. But the thing is, if you look at our franchise business this is the second quarter of positivity, positive growth or returning to positive growth. And we think if you look at the sales of the van, they exceeded the numbers. Now over time, the sales of the van generally equal our numbers, but sales -- our sales of the van they're sales too. Our sales are the sales to the franchisees then they sell to end customers. The end customer sales are pretty strong this quarter and they started to approach where we want the tools business to be. So we were encouraged by that. It's one data point, but we're encouraged. And then we saw how we came out of 2018 towards the end of the year they were positive. So I think we feel good about that. More than that, when you talk to the franchisees, they're optimistic. I spent a lot of time talking to them. And I look at our product line. I think or product line is nonpareil and stronger and getting stronger every day and the franchisees agree.
Curtis Nagle: Got it. And then just quickly shifting to RS&I, I don't know if you specifically commented on this, but how did the diagnostics business fare? And how are you looking at the next year? And when does the MODIS launch?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Well, first of all, couple of things. MODIS is an existing product. It's not a launch. It's sold very well in the quarter. The diagnostics business -- diagnostics sells primarily to the Tools Group. The Tools Group sales of diagnostics were up year-over-year. It was a less rich mix which is one of the product mix problems associated with Tools Group margins. But MODIS and SOLUS sold very well through in diagnostics. And in terms of the Tools Group, if you signal back to the RS&I business itself there is -- the sales to the Tools Group were less than last year, but that just has to do with the inventory adjustments between the Tools Group and RS&I. I would suggest that diagnostics had a pretty robust selling period in this quarter. If you look at Repair Systems and Information, we -- usually how we described that is the Repair Systems and Information sold to independent shops is fairly positive and they're good margin drivers for RS&I which is probably the reason why you see RS&I 25.7% up 40 basis points.
Curtis Nagle: And then how are you thinking about this year?
Nick Pinchuk: I feel I kind of like our product line when I see it coming out. I like the momentum in this year. So from quarter-to-quarter, you can -- one of the things you find as you follow us over time, you can't really hang yourself in any one quarter in terms of products as you break it down by product, but we like our diagnostic offering. They are better than anything in the market. And it's only getting stronger and providing more options for customers, for technicians. And no one can match them. And we have enhancements coming in the next year.
Curtis Nagle: All right, thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Nick Pinchuk: Good.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, sure. Good morning.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, great. So at C&I, the 3.5% organic was particularly striking on the comparison. You were up 10% last year. So that stood out. I'm just wondering if that equates as comparisons normalize to increased organic confidence and ability and visibility for C&I as you contemplate 2019?
Nick Pinchuk: Actually 3.5% was nice. I mean, I think if you look at over five -- C&I is one of those businesses, which tends to be more variable in terms of the -- even though it's got positive trajectory, C&I has grown -- take a look at our Industrial business, it's grown over the last five quarters like at 7% -- 7% or 8% organically. But quarter-by-quarter it's been all over the map, mid-teens and some low single digits. Because of the calendarization of those orders. That was the basis of my comments. So we thought this quarter was nice. We had great order activity. We had -- we did well in aviation and other places, but -- in general industry, but we -- it wasn't as strong as some other quarters. So, this was a little bit of a flat period for C&I, still it was a good -- if you look at the overall trajectory it was very strong.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. Yeah, I thought so given the confidence…
Nick Pinchuk: So I guess another way to say that is we have expected -- positive expectations around C&I.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then for SOT between mix and investment, margins were down quite a bit there. I'm just wondering, how we think about the margin run rates currently that you experience for the full year 2018.
Nick Pinchuk: We wouldn't want think something we – sorry, sorry go ahead. Sorry.
Christopher Glynn: Yeah, and just if there are any sustained headwinds if we should expect little continued pressure there?
Nick Pinchuk: The currency is going to be -- the currency flipped on us. They had 40 basis points of good news last quarter in the currency. That flipped to negative this quarter. So, part of the problem -- I usually don't mention currency, but part of the problem is that flip you can't necessarily adjust in pricing and other things that quickly, and so it was an unusual flip for us. We usually don't see it that quick. We'll see continuing pressure, but we'll learn -- we'll deal with that in terms of market pricing and so on in RCI and so on. You're going to see some pressure on material cost and that eats up some of our RCI but we have RCI against those. The margin mix I think was more or less kind of a phenomenon that is hard to forecast, but this was a particularly low point of the quarter. Fundamentally, last year you were selling -- you were pounding ZEUSs into the marketplace. Diagnostics - our highest-priced diagnostic unit great margin. This time we were pounding the -- we're pushing the non-intelligent diagnostic portion of our lineup, the MODIS and the SOLUS, so those are lower margins that was pretty much what drove that. I wouldn't expect that continue -- to continue in that kind of level going forward. So I suppose that's a long way of explaining why we thought this was a lower point.
Christopher Glynn: Got it. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from David MacGregor.
David MacGregor: Nick, I guess just looking at the relatively flat Tool segment organic growth in both 3Q and 4Q I'm wondering why do you think the conversion of SFC orders was so disappointing. And I guess overall now what kind of order growth did you see from the 2019 regional kickoffs? And any reason to believe you'll see a maybe a better conversion rate on those orders than you did on the SFC orders?
Nick Pinchuk: Look I think we have said [indiscernible] come home that you can't really get failed from the SFC. The SFC orders are up and they were up, that's an encouraging event. And part of it as I tell you the sales of the van had been pretty good. So, I kind of feel okay about that. I think if you look at the U.S., we feel -- even though the numbers aren't quite showing it yet, we see the U.S. making progress. The thing that has bedeviled the Tools group in these is the unlooked-for effect of Brexit on the U.K. and some softness internationally, but it really has offset any kind of gain we see in the U.S. And I think the U.S. gain is somewhat muted compared to what the franchisees are saying. So, I feel okay about that. I don't think -- I think the SFC kind of did its job.
David MacGregor: And the regional kickoffs your thoughts there?
Nick Pinchuk: Regional kickoffs the -- if you look at the orders that are currently coming out of the regional kickoffs into the first quarter, they looked pretty good. So, I feel okay about that. And, of course, there're always ups and downs when you go from region-to-region-to-region and from franchisee-to-franchisee, but I think, when we look at the effect -- and what we've tried to do is bring the effect in closer to those events as we did -- as you know we did in the SFC and that seems to have worked some in the regional kickoffs as well as the SFC.
David MacGregor: And you got the lower inventory turns even adjusted for the $20 million year-over-year. I guess do you feel like you're over-inventoried right now in big ticket merchandise? Or just what's the makeup of the--
Nick Pinchuk: No, no. I wouldn't say were over-inventoried in big ticket merchandise. I would say that we're adding a lot of tools. We added 5,000 different line items for Industrial last year. So, we'll keep adding to tools. Now, you can say okay we are not getting all the sales we want. But if you look at the trajectory of our businesses, if you look at near-term maybe and get in a twist, but if you look at the trajectory of the Tools group over a five, six years, you'll see that it's more than 5%. If you look at the trajectory of C&I, it's a little bit below where we wanted to be. Look at RS&I, it is where we want it to be. So, you get those trajectories. I don't think while we're working on the quarter-to-quarter, we think we see the long-term good and we -- and adding the number of products is part of that strategy and we see it working overtime.
David MacGregor: Okay. Just second question. You'd referenced the increase of $500,000 of provision for contract receivables. Can you -- what can you say right now about current trends and franchisee credit? And you called out franchisee health metrics. I guess what would you say as being the most bullish of the franchisee health metrics you--
Aldo Pagliari: David it's Aldo. The contract receivable provision largely reflects the leased equipment to garages. The franchisee health metrics have been steady and we experienced historically very, very low losses on the franchised portion of that. So, -- because you're coming off of a low base, it's just you can get noise one quarter to a next. And when the K comes out you guys get to see in about a week, but you'll see on a full year basis, the provision for contract receivables are actually lower on a full year basis. So, you just get some noise quarter-to-quarter, but in this quarter, most of the adjustment relates to leased equipment to garages.
David MacGregor: Are you comfortable with current trends in franchisee credit? Are you seeing any inflections there that should be--
Aldo Pagliari: I certainly am comfortable. I'm certainly very comfortable.
Nick Pinchuk: We are comfortable.
David MacGregor: Yes. You're not seeing any inflections?
Nick Pinchuk: No. We're not seeing any inflections. In fact, if anything I think it's getting better. So I mean, I don't know – yeah, sure.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from David Leiker with Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Good morning. This is Joe Vruwink for David.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, Joe.
Joe Vruwink: I wanted to drill into Tools Group margin a bit more so I understand the dynamic with the diagnostic product category. Can you talk about the power tools growth in the quarter? And then was that subject to additional tariff pressures at all in the quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: Power tools had some tariff pressure in the quarter, but its growth – it wasn't – I wouldn't call it a factor in the quarter power tools except that, power tools was one of the places that didn't grow in the quarter in the Tools Group. So power tools didn't have a particularly robust quarter. It had a pretty good quarter last quarter. So we kind of didn't read anything into that, but it didn't have particular growth. So it wasn't – if you're looking for the tariffs effect of that, I wouldn't call that a factor here. The factors are the ones I called out the flip. The – if you look at the currency around the pound and the Canadian dollar and so on where they went in the last quarter and particularly the end of the last quarter, you can see that motion. And so we just didn't – maybe we should have been better at it, but we didn't get our order quickly enough. And so that 40 to 20 basis point flip was a tough one on them and then they do spin. We want them to spin and by the way we think that's paying off when you see the sales of the van. And then, if you look at the margins, the product mix, it was a particularly weak product mix compared to the ZEUS in the last quarter. That's the way it played out. And so yes you're rightly pointing out that that was a – arithmetically that was a dominant number.
Joe Vruwink: And then on the franchisee support initiatives, I understand, those are going on all the time, but they typically don't get called out in the quarterly deck. So was it a larger-than-normal investment in the quarter and if that's the case why now?
Nick Pinchuk: That's somewhat larger but the thing is part of it is, is that we – remember I said that, I wouldn't say it's like what I would call a singularity in the quarter in this quarter. But remember, when you got – when you have your intelligent diagnostics and we have more of these, I would say more complex product offerings around the new hand tools around Flex-Head ratcheting, so around the FDX, the hand tools around Flank Drive Extra and around the intelligent diagnostic you got to spend – we made a conscious decision that we had to spend more time helping our franchisees communicate the value of those sort of marketplace. So that's been growing a little bit. And we see the payoffs though. I'm telling you we think we see the payoffs. I think the – I like the sales of the van this quarter. So I feel okay about that. Now if this is as you say arithmetically dominant you pointed out arithmetically dominating is that margin shortfall? But part of it is that, but also the margins the product mix is a big thing in that and the reversal on the currency. And then of course, you have some tariffs and some materials eating up some of our RCI.
Joe Vruwink: But I think Snap-on has a pretty good track record of making these corporate investments when you see a growth opportunity. I'm thinking about the Rock 'N Roll Cabs and the Techno vans and some of the early cycle studying the franchisees and increasing their productivity. All of those investments ultimately drove inorganic growth improvement. Is what we're seeing this quarter calling out the investment in the technical skills that are with your franchisees are better positioned to sell diagnostics. Would you expect that drives an acceleration in diagnostic growth during 2019?
Nick Pinchuk: I would expect it would drive a richening of our mix around software which it's doing and presumably a robust diagnostic sales, but also robust hand tools sales. And hand tools were nicely -- were nice in the quarter, so I feel positive about that. It's harder to -- it's harder -- it's not as easy as the Rock 'N Roll Cab because the Rock 'N Roll Cab was very palatable. Anyway, we're pretty positive about the quarter. If -- Joe, if the U.K. and the international businesses didn't find the problems associated with Brexit this would look a lot different I think.
Joe Vruwink: And then my last question on RS&I, U.S. auto sales have been plateauing around $17 million for four years. So this is probably going to be the fifth year around that level. So it doesn't really seem like there's a major change in the end market outlook and yet you're getting feedback from your sales team that the OEM dynamic has changed. Is there something else going on?
Nick Pinchuk: Well I don't know. No, I don't -- I think didn't IHS take down the market below $17 million ? Didn't Native take down the market below $17 million? So I think they forecasted down below $17 million. Didn't GM announce that they're closing a bunch of plants and therefore are drawing in their home. I think everybody's been kind of demuring on this market a lot of very public announcements. And I would suggest that that creates an aura. I'm not surprised at this at all. I think that creates an aura of uncertainty. I'm not saying that this is a long-term thing. I think this is a shorter-term thing. I think we're feeling pretty good about next year in terms of projects. I think eventually, it's like gas prices. When gas prices go up, everybody stops driving for a couple of weeks, so I think this is the same kind of thing. That's how I view it. Now I could be wrong about this and we could be wrong, but that's the way we see it. The OEM projects have been coming down and we see some opportunities next year. So we think the effect wears off, but I think the -- it's the concern and conservatism over what's going to happen in the future.
Joe Vruwink: And then last question on the -- last question on this. So even though there might be some questions around overall industry volume there are more new vehicles launching in 2019 versus 2018 and that typically is good for your facilitation business. Would you expect that to contribute more in 2019 versus 2018 was a down year versus 2017? Does that come back for you?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. I think so. I mean, of course famous last words. You know what I mean? But, yes.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Good morning guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi.
Aldo Pagliari: Hi, Bret.
Bret Jordan: I guess on the Tools Group margin again. I guess, I was thinking about that franchise support spend. And I guess, also you talked about lower margin mix. Was there anything I guess either accelerated rate of promotions this quarter year-over-year? Or maybe you could talk specifically about tool storage and whether your volumes were up year-over-year and sequentially in that base?
Nick Pinchuk: Tool storage was okay. Tool storage volumes were up. I don't think there was anything particularly special about the promotions around tool storage. So I would suggest that there were special things around promotions around diagnostics. And I don't think -- we see these things from time to time. But remember, what we did was, we had been pushing the intelligent diagnostics, the software packages, the Apollo and the ZEUS, with the data packages for, what, three quarters? And so we've been pounding nose. And there are other customers who are a little bit less software receptive and want to look at the non-intelligent diagnostics, the non-enabled products that are MODIS and SOLUS. And so it came their time and so we pushed those. And generally, when you do that, you do put promotions around it to get franchisee attention and give customers a reason to buy. And that's what happened in this situation. And the comparison to last year, which was rolling out this new product, the ZEUS, the best thing since sliced bread and it is, it's a tough comparison.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then, I guess, one question on the OEM side. And this is sort of big picture, but do you see the OEM sort of pushing more towards an OE toolset in the sense that, I guess, the Fiat Chrysler is now encrypting the OBD port. They haven't activated it yet, but sort of trying to protect their software internally. And are they -- are the OEMs pushing their own as opposed to outside buys now as the bigger structural?
Nick Pinchuk: I don't think that's a factor. I don't think that's a factor for us. It's always something we watch Bret, but I think for a dog's age, they wanted to take more of the repair back, but they haven't really been successful in doing that. I mean this is -- what you're talking about in Chrysler, is just the latest iteration of that effort I think. We watch it carefully, but I don't think it's an impact on what I'm talking about. What I'm talking about I think is more or less that fewer projects were done in the last couple of years -- in the last year and I think that had to do with the anticipation of uncertainty associated with this and the dealership themselves. I mean AutoNation talked about restructuring, I think, the other day. And they're talking about in U.K., they talked about 40% less investment in dealerships. And so, you have all that stuff rolling through the industry. I just think these guys are getting up every day and getting bad news for breakfast and they're pulling in their horns a little bit. After a while, they start saying, wait a minute, I don't have new car sales, but I better get some parts and service sales.
Bret Jordan: Okay. So you don't see it, it's just lower spending, if not a reallocation of where they are spending?
Nick Pinchuk: I don't think so. No we're not seeing that.
Bret Jordan: All right. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time there are no further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the floor back over to Ms. Sara Verbsky.
Sara Verbsky: Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie Kratcoski - Vice President, Investor Relations Nicholas Pinchuk - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Aldo Pagliari - Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Scott Stember - C.L. King & Associates David MacGregor - Longbow Research David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Richard Hilgert - Morningstar
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Snap-On Third Quarter 2018 Results Investor Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, Todd, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining Snap-on today to review our third quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-On’s Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-On’s Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we’ll take your questions. As usual, we’ve provided slides to supplement our discussions. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investor section. These slides will be archived on our website, along with the transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release and conference call slide deck, which can be found on our website. With that said, I’ll now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everyone. Today, I’ll start with the highlights of our third quarter, give you an update on the environment and the trends we see, and I’ll take you through some of the turbulence we’ve encountered and speak about our physical and financial progress. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of the financials. We believe that our third quarter again demonstrated Snap-on’s ability to continue its trajectory of positive results, overcoming period-to-period variation. We are encouraged by the results. Like every quarter, we had disparities from group-to-group and within each group. The van business appears to have stabilized with incremental improvement in organic sales trend, sales gains in the U.S. offset by decline in other geographies. Some segments saw a down period with challenges in our businesses serving independent repair shop owners and managers and sales to OEM dealerships, but once again, our strength overcame. Organic sales in the quarter were up 0.6%. Sales gains in critical industries in the – in Asian Pacific, returned to growth in the U.S. van channel, progress in hand tools and power tools and the rise of software. That all combined to prevail against variations and move us forward again. OpCo operating margin of 19.3% was up from last year as adjusted by 70 basis points. Improved product mix across the group’s, net positive foreign currency and again the benefits of Rapid Continuous Improvement, or RCI, they showed the way. Financial services operating income was 59.3% – $59.3 million. That grew $3.3 million from last year’s $56 million. And that result combined with OpCo to raise our consolidated operating margins to 23.7%, up 90 basis points as adjusted. And excluding the one-time tax charge associated with the transition to the new U.S. tax legislation, adjusted EPS was $2.88, up 17.6%. Now let’s speak about the markets. We believe the automotive repair environment continues to be generally favorable. We did see mixed results from our businesses in that arena, but based on what we’ve been hearing from our franchisees, from technicians and from shop owners and managers, we believe the vehicle repair remains a favorable place to operate and Snap-on, we believe we’re well-positioned to take advantage. For the critical industries, verticals like aviation, oil and gas, mining and heavy duty, we’re seeing significant progress, activity strong across – almost across the Board. We like the way the critical industries are sounding and trending. We had further advancements outside the U.S. Our Asia Pacific division registering solid increases in key countries like Japan and India and Indonesia. We do believe we’re well-positioned to confront the challenges and make progress along our runways for growth. But at the same time, it’s clear that we have great potential on our runways for improvement. The Snap-on Value Creation Processes, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement, or RCI. They are a constant driver of our progress, especially customer connection, understanding the work of professional technicians and innovation, matching that insight with technology. And in this quarter, Snap-on Value Creation, customer connection and innovation drove significant margin gain in the face of turbulence. And led – and besides that, it led to more prestigious product awards than we’ve ever had, more recognition than in any single year just this quarter. Snap-on was prominently represented with 18 Professional Tool & Equipment News, PTEN People’s Choice Product Awards, where the actual users, the technicians make the selections, probably the best award. We were also recognized with seven PTEN Innovation Awards and we were honored with two MOTOR Magazine top 20 awards. An essential driver of Snap-on growth is innovative product that makes work easier. It’s always been our strength and those recent awards have testimony, that great Snap-on products just keep coming driving progress. You can see it in the margins. Well, that’s the environment. Now we’ll move to the individual operating groups. Let’s start with C&I. Sales of $330.2 million in the quarter. It increased $15.6 million, including $1.6 million related to acquisitions and $6.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Organic growth was 6.7%, gains across all divisions and most geographies. Operating margins reached 16.1%, one of C&I’s highest, maybe the highest for C&I, representing a 10 basis point improvement from last year. That result reflects the power of our ongoing stream of innovative new products for critical industries, the product development investment necessary to build the future, a robust effort in RCI and favorable foreign currency. Let’s take the industrial division, focused on critical industries outside the vehicle garage, it showed broad-based gains with strong overall year-over-year performance now accomplished for eight straight quarters. We continue to rise in critical industries and it’s a favorable market environment that we’re amplifying with innovative new products aimed at solving critical tasks and the result is very encouraging. The quarter saw advancements, driven by great products like our lineup of 14.4 volt cordless tools, spanning everything from ratchets to drills to wrenches to saws to screwdrivers. Each product developer customers both in and out of the garage, they’re compact, they’re powerful and they’re flexible and the customers are noticing. All of them now include variable speed triggers for maximum control, micro lithium batteries that are lightweight and long-lasting, and those batteries are interchangeable between all the matching voltage Snap-on tools, micro lithium tools, lots of convenience in that. One of those tools is the CTR-767 14.4 volt, three-inch Drive MicroLithium Cordless Ratchet. It was released at the beginning of this year and it’s one of MOTOR Magazine’s top 20 tools. There’s a long neck and extra six inches, jobs like timing belt changes or work near firewall, jobs that require reach, it makes them much easier, and there’s a lot of those tasks across the workplaces of the world. And that extended neck doesn’t compromise the leverage or power. The 767 especially rugged construction supports up to 40-foot pounds of torque output, while the robust ratchet mechanism head and neck and – can handle 158 foot pounds of manual torque. Three’s a available speed trigger for greater control and can reach 275 RPMs. It has the torque to be versatile and that it has the speed to make quick work of the task. Our customer connection showed us what was needed to make ratchet work easier, speed, accessibility, torque, reach and strength and the CTR-767 has all of that. It’s a different – it’s a difference maker for working professionals in the market resection confirms it. You can see it in the power tool results. In this quarter, our City of Industry in California, the plant California torque operation introduced the Snap-on CTECH30 and the CTECH 240 Micro Torque Wrench, the smallest electronic torque wrenches in the market, compact steel bodies, only 10.2 inches in length and less than an inch in diameter, they’re light – and they’re light just under a pound. That compares to the standard torque wrench, which is 16.5 inches long and 1.9 inches in diameter and weighs nearly two pounds. The micro torques are designed for aviation, manufacturing and other critical industries, where tight spaces are common and light – and lightweight is important. The slim micro design enables text to reach fasteners that are resets and – or obstructed, often eliminating the need to remove components to gain access, saving a lot of time. The short overall length also enables a large swingarm, even in tight spaces, and that’s a big factor for job productivity. And the micros have interchangeable head, that make them useful across a variety of applications for different fasteners and special situation, like those from all the time in aviation where accessibility and flexibility are critical. The CTECH micros are great tools and the technicians are responding. Products like these aimed at industry needs that help drive our progress across critical industry and keep working customer and we keep working customer connection and innovation. So the advancements will only continue. C&I maintaining its momentum, extending in critical industries, building both sales and profitability. Now on to the Tools Group. Organic sales, about flat 0.1%, but returned to growth in the U.S. operation up low single digits. And that returned to growth was offset by variation internationally, that’s the story of the Tools Group. Operating income in the quarter was $59.3 million, and that compares to $56.4 million in 2017. The OI margin was 15.2% and 80 basis point increase, favorable product mix, higher-margin new products, software, the benefits of RCI and the favorable foreign currency, they made the difference. Now the third quarter is, when we hold our annual Snap-on franchisee conference, our SFC. This year was Nashville and it was the largest Snap-on gathering in our 98-year history. With more than 8,800 attendees, franchisees, family members from over 3,100 routes. For the franchisees, it’s an opportunity for training, promoting new products and for fun. For the company, it’s an opportunity to gauge our franchisees outlook on the business. Order volume was up. Most product categories showing gains over last year. And I can attest that the franchisees displayed confidence in our business and optimism in their future. And that positive outlook is reinforced once again by the advancements evident in our franchisee health metrics. These are the financial and physical indicators we monitor and evaluate regularly. And they remain favorable and robust, it’s a significant factor. We do believe our franchisees can continue to grow stronger. And if you are with us in Nashville, you could have seen it clearly. And our real reasons for that confidence, our product lines are getting stronger. You heard about the product awards. Well, beyond that, there’s a continuous stream of great new offerings, attention-getters of hand tools and tool storage. The third quarter was a strong hand tool quarter. You can understand why when you see innovations like our new TSLF 72 1/4 inch Drive Dual 80 Technology Speeder Handle Flex-Head Ratchet, a long name for a special product, aimed at decreasing job times and increasing technician efficiency in any shop. The speeder represents the fastest way to manually tighten or loosen fasteners. The flexible head provides access in tight automotive applications. And the Dual 80 Technology features a dual paw each with seven teeth 8 engaging the gears, so has great strength and [Technical Difficulty] enthusiasm, the kind that will make it another one of our hit products well, $1 million seller in the first year. [Technical Difficulty] C242, it’s a 36-inch heavy-duty shop cart with five A/C outlets and two USB ports, a SpeeDrawer and a side panel organizer. It helps text organize and securely charge their tools and devices with tremendous ease. It offers two durable top options, stainless steel or bedliner, both popular features. And it comes in a variety of standard and newly released colors that make it differ. The KRSC242 has – it’s already achieved its good products status, and we believe it has much more runway. Well, that’s the Tools Group, enthusiastic SFC, the U.S. returning to growth and a substantial margin increase driven by innovative new products. Now RS&I. Organic sales were down 4.8%. Due to high single-digit decline in the sales of diagnostics and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers. Sales to independent shops were down, reflecting period of selling diagnostics to the van channel. No one who handhelds were launched in the quarter and the U.S. Tools Group growth – U.S. Tools grew in the quarter was achieved by franchisee focused on the great new products launched in other segments. And then sales to vehicle dealerships were also down in the quarter, reflecting fewer OEM programs in that lumpy business. Despite that variation, however, RS&I and OI margin was 25.7%, quite strong, a rise of 60 basis points from last year. Once again, RCI, innovation and software drove that progress. Our Mitchell 1 division continue to advances its industry-leading productivity solutions by introducing text message – a text messaging feature across the shop management line. It became clear that users see efficiency and having text messaging and capability integrated with the shop management software rather than relying on a general standalone third-party service. The new integrated feature offers the capability of sending customers automated reminder text about upcoming appointments, thank you notes for the repair business and invitations to participate in online surveys about their experience. The response has been overwhelming and positive, fortifying –reinforcing and fortifying our leadership position in repair shop management software. And we launched other great products in the period like the Car-O-Liner. Our recent acquisition is one of the things we wanted to do with Car-O-Liner and we acquired it. Like the Car-O-Liner CT – so we launched the Car-O-Liner’s CTR 9, fully automated spot – automatic spot welder. Our customer connection efforts showed that with expanding – with the expanding variation of steels now used in vehicle bodies, collision repairs taking on a new level of complexity. Technicians now spend considerable effort identifying and measuring the specific material before the welding – the specific materials they’re working on before the welding can begin. It takes extra time and it’s often a source of welding error. While the Car-O-Liner CTR 9 fixes all that. It measures thickness, determines the electrical resistance and identifies the exact steel being welded automatically. It brings unmatched speed and accuracy to the collision – to collision repair. It’s a real productivity enhancement. We launched it in Europe at the Automechanika show to considerable enthusiasm and it will be introduced later this year in the – later this fall in the U.S. and we’re confident it will be quite a hit voting good things for the Car-O-Liner future. RS&I minimizing the impact of sales variation with innovation, new product, technology and software. That’s the highlights of our quarter. C&I continuing its positive trend of growth and profitability, extending across emerging markets in critical industries. Tools Group, reigniting the U.S. van channel in a registry margin strength. RS&I margin progress despite the challenges in the quarter. Progress along our runways for coherent growth and advancements down our runways for improvement. OpCo operating income margin up 19.3%, up 70 basis points on an added – on an adjusted apples-to-apples basis. And an as adjusted EPS $2.88 in the quarter, 17.6% higher than last year. It was another encouraging quarter. Now I’ll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results were summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $898.1 million in the quarter were down 0.6%, reflecting a 0.6% organic sales gain, $1.4 million of acquisition-related sales and $12.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales gain this quarter principally reflected broad-based growth in the Commercial & Industrial segment and low single-digit growth in the U.S. franchise operations of the Snap-on Tools Group. Consolidated gross margin of 50.5% improved 80 basis points, primarily due to a shift in sales mix, savings from RCI initiatives and 30 basis points of favorable foreign currency, partially offset by higher material and other costs. The operating expense margin of 31.2%, compared to 32.8% last year, which included 170 basis points from the $15 million legal charge that was incurred during Q3 of 2017. As a result, operating margin before financial services of 19.3% was up 240 basis points on a reported basis and 70 basis points on an as adjusted basis, respectively, from Q3 of 2017. Financial services revenue of $82 million and operating earnings of $59.3 million increased 3.8% and 5.9%, respectively, from 2017. Consolidated operating margin of 23.7% of revenues was up 250 basis points on an reported basis and 90 basis points on an adjusted basis, respectively, from last year. Our third quarter effective income tax rate of 24.0% included a charge of 90 basis points, or $1.8 million, related to newly issued guidance associated with last year’s U.S. tax legislation. Excluding this charge, the effective tax rate for the third quarter as adjusted was 23.1%. This compared to a rate of 30.7% last year on an adjusted basis to exclude the 60 basis points of benefit from the legal charge. Finally, net earnings on a report of basis of $163.2 million, or $2.85 per share, compared to $133.4 million, or $2.29 per share a year ago. Excluding $0.03 per share for the tax charge, adjusted earnings per share was $2.88, up 17.6%, compared to Q2 – Q3 of 2017, adjusted per share of $2.45, which excludes the $0.16 per share legal charge last year. Now let’s turn to our segment results. Starting with C&I Group on Slide 7. Sales of $330.2 million in the quarter increased 5%, reflecting a 6.7% organic sales gain and a $1.4 million of acquisition-related sales, partially offset by $6.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic increase was broad-based and included a double-digit gain in the sales of power tools, high single-digit gain in the sales of our Asia Pacific operations, a mid single-digit gain to customers in critical industries and slightly higher sales in the European-based hand tools business. Gross margin of 39.6% decreased 70 basis points, primarily due to higher sales volumes of lower gross margin products, principally in Asia Pacific and power tools, as well as higher material and other costs, partially offset by benefits from RCI and 30 basis points of favorable foreign currency. The operating expense margin of 23.5% improved 80 basis points, primarily as a result of sales volume leverage. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $53 million increased 5.4% and the operating margin of 16.1% improved 10 basis points from 2017. Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $389.8 million decreased 0.7%, reflecting slightly higher organic sales growth more than offset by $3.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales change includes a low single-digit increase in the United States, largely offset by a high single-digit decline internationally. Gross margin of 43.6% improved 180 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to 50 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects, increased sales of higher gross margin products and benefits from the company’s RCI initiatives. The operating expense margin of 28.4% increased 100 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to cost and 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $59.3 million increased 5.1% and the operating margin of 15.2% improved 80 basis points year-over-year. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $314.4 million decreased 5.7%, reflecting a 4.8% organic sales decline and a $3.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The lower organic sales reflects a high single-digit decline in sales of diagnostic and repair information products and a mid single-digit sales decrease in sales to OEM dealerships, while sales of undercar equipment were essentially flat. Gross margin of 48.7% improved 140 basis points, primarily as a result of a shift in sales that included lower volumes of lower gross margin products and benefits from RCI. The operating expense margin of 23% increased 80 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to the effect of lower sales volumes. Operating earnings for the RC&I Group of $80.7 million decreased 3.7% from prior year levels. However, the operating margins of 25.7% improved 60 basis points from last year. Now turning to Slide 10. Operating earnings from financial services of $59.3 million and revenue of $82 million increased 5.9% and 3.8%, respectively, from a year ago. Third quarter financial services expenses of $22.7 million were down slightly year-over-year, as higher operating expenses were more than offset by $700,000 and $400,000 of lower provision expense for financing contract receivables, respectively. On a sequential basis, total provision expense of $12.5 million was down $1.7 million from $14.2 million in the second quarter, reflecting further stabilization in the credit portfolio metrics. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 1.1% and 1.2% in the respective third quarters of 2018 and 2017. The average yield on finance receivables in the third quarter was 17.7%, compared to 17.9% in 2017, driven principally by product mix and reflective of the credit quality of customers originating loans in the quarter. Respective average yield on contract receivables was 9.2% for both 2017 and 2018. Total loan originations of $267 million decreased 1.8%, primarily due to a 2.1% decline in originations of finance receivables. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter-end balance sheet includes approximately $2.1 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.8 billion from our U.S. operation. Our worldwide gross financial services portfolio grew $35.6 million in the third quarter. As for the 60-day plus delinquency trends, they are stable year-over-year and increased sequentially reflecting typical seasonality. As it relates to extended credit for finance receivables, the largest portion of the portfolio trailing 12-month net losses of $52 million represented 3.18% of outstandings at quarter-end, up 41 basis points year-over-year, but essentially flat sequentially, further supporting continued stabilization in the portfolios credit metric performance. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $129.8 million in the quarter increased $34.3 million, or 35.9% from comparable 2017 levels, primarily reflecting higher net earnings. Net cash used by investing activities of $48.6 million included net additions to finance receivables of $22.7 million and capital expenditures of $29.9 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $71.3 million included cash dividends of $46.1 million and the repurchase of 493,000 shares of common stock for $85.7 million under our existing share repurchase programs. Year-to-date, share repurchases totaled 1.139 million shares for $184.4 million. As of the end of September, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $306.5 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $3.1 million from 2017 year-end, including $14.5 million of unfavorable currency translation. Days sales outstanding of 65 days improved one day from 2017 year-end. Inventories increased $51.8 million, including $15.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency from 2017 year-end. As a reminder, the year-to-date increase in inventory included $20.9 million related to the recognition of an inventory asset associated with the adoption of accounting standards update Topic 606 on revenue recognition. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 2.8 compared to 3.2 at year-end 2017. Our quarter-end cash position of $122.2 million increased $30.2 million from 2017 year-end levels. Our net debt to capital ratio increased – decreased to 23.8% from 27% at year-end 2017. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities. As of quarter-end, we had $154 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance. I’ll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. The Snap-on third quarter. Turbulence and variation across some of our businesses, but we overcame and made progress. The U.S. Tools Group return to growth continuing on its improving trend. C&I extending to critical industry is achieving progress across all its operations. RS&I did encounter challenges, but there are positive points throughout that operations, particularly in the information and software. And with all that, margins were up again in each group. C&I 16.1%, up 10 basis points, possibly the best ever. Tools 15.2%, up 80 basis points and RS&I 25.7%, up 60 basis points against the wins. And our overall margin, it was 19.3%, up 70 basis points, all demonstrating again the power of Snap-on Value Creation, customer connection and innovation offering profitable new product and RCI creating productivity, runways for improvement that drive margin consistently. It was an encouraging quarter. And we believe the results of the period confirm that Snap-on has the opportunities to progress, the capability to take advantage and that team to improve even in difficult environments. And we’re confident that those qualities spread across our operation will drive continued progress through the end of this year and on through 2019. Before I turn the call over to the operate, I’ll speak to our franchisees and associates. I know you’re listening. Encouraging performance of this quarter reflect your skill, your intensity and your contributions to our company, for your encouraging achievements, you have my congratulations, and for your unrelenting and unfailing support for our team, you have my thanks. Now I’ll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Good morning.
Christopher Glynn: Nick, you sounded pretty confident and excited about the new product lines getting stronger at SOT. I’m wondering if you would note that, that translates to improving visibility for the Tools segment to get back into the target growth range in the short order?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I think, look, it certainly looks like it’s going to trend that way. And we’ll – based on what we hear from the franchisees, we see the impact of the new product in the quarter and we saw the SFC. The SFC was very enthusiastic. Now that’s a windshield survey. It’s kind of a qualitative view. But I will tell you, the – if you’ve walked around that floor and I’ve never seen it busier. And the – while the – all the product lines, we saw we had a muted results in diagnostics, which we explained everything was fairly strong. So the response of the SFC to the new product was good. Now that isn’t selling on to the end users, that’s the franchisees like the product, the power tools and the hand tools and the tool storage. Now we saw some of that come through though in the third quarter, reflecting much of that. So I feel pretty good about this.
Christopher Glynn: Yes. And what about the international? That wasn’t a slim negative and it sort of seem to come a little bit out of the blue?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I’ll tell you what, I’ve said for a long time that the third quarter was kind of a variable quarter and that’s particularly true in our international businesses because of the way the vacations run through that. And then they go back and actually – now we did this. You go back and look at the third quarter, there’s a lot of variations in the third quarter –extreme variations in our third quarter in the – in those international businesses and then a couple of those lined up this time in the same direction and that created this kind of variation and turbulence.
Christopher Glynn: So you’re not concerned about that in terms of trends?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I’m not really concerned about that. I think, I have said often that the third quarter, particularly in international, isn’t a trend driver. You can’t really – particularly outside the United States, you can’t fully bank on that being a trend.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then…
Nicholas Pinchuk: We’re not really concern about that.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And last one, also sticking with the Tools segment. I’m just wondering if you are able to track the aftermarket among franchisees with their route customers. And if you think at the margin that kind of recirculation of aftermarket tools is maybe becoming a bigger piece in the franchisees’ stock and trade?
Nicholas Pinchuk: You mean second hand tools?
Christopher Glynn: Yes.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Is that what you mean? I don’t know, I don’t think so. I mean, that they’ve always been there. I mean that – we don’t see that increasing. I’m not hearing that, so I don’t really believe that to be the case. I mean, certainly, it’s been always a factor in diagnostics and tool storage, the bigger ticket items. But I don’t see anything that tells me that, "Boy, that’s a bigger number." I just spoke to a couple of franchisees a couple of days ago. And they didn’t seem to mention that they were very robust about our product line, including the diagnostic product line, yes.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Scott Stember with C.L. King.
Scott Stember: Good morning, guys.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Good morning.
Scott Stember: Can we maybe touch on the RS&I? Last year, in the third quarter, I think you posted a high single-digit organic sales number and...
Nicholas Pinchuk: [Multiple Speakers]
Scott Stember: Yes. That was it, yes. And you’ve always warned that it’s a lumpy business. How much of it is difficult comps, lumpiness, maybe just give us a little bit more detail? I think you also…
Nicholas Pinchuk: That’s certainly some of it. Look, I think, there are two big factors in diagnostics really driving the reduction in this quarter. One is – the easy one to deal with is the sales, our OEM programs business, where we get essential tool programs commissioned by OEM manufacturers, and that is quite lumpy, and driven by technology, new launches and regulation of those things and that tends to go up and down. We had a particularly strong couple of quarters last year, where we got a lot of those programs coming out of the OEMs. And we’re in a period and particularly this period where there’s a few – a smaller number of those, and so that creates a comparison vacuum. And then you look at – really if you want to talk about comparison and we had, I think, maybe our first or second best diagnostics quarter ever last year, because we launched the ZEUS at the end of the quarter. And so we had a great product launch, good SFC, lots of enthusiasm. And so comparing to that, it wasn’t – I hate to talk about year-over-year comparisons, but that’s part of the thing. That’s part of what drives that. Now remember, the Tools Group still grew even though it’s diagnostics didn’t. It sold other things. And really what happened at the SFC is, we didn’t have new product and we had an edge in diagnostics. We had great new products in tool storage and hand tools and power tools and other things. And so people paid attention to those. That’s really the tail of the tape in this situation.
Scott Stember: And can you maybe speak to the visibility that you have, I guess, in the upcoming quarters with some of these larger programs of the OEMs? Would you expect anything to pop-up?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, we don’t really give guidance, but boy, it seems to be on the floor right now. So I kind of believe this is that, the industry keeps being robust in automotive sales in the United States in North America. So we would expect some recovery off of these as we move forward. In fact, I’m confident of that. The time constants of that, I’m not sure of, but I’m pretty confident that, that happens. These things happen from time to time. You see ebbs to flow, which is why we classified a lumpy business. We’re not actually concerned about it, but it does – if it lines up with something like diagnostics having a muted quarter, you end up getting the results you have. But I still think – I like to think that RS&I did a great job, 25.7% is the second highest OI margin ever for diagnostics.
Scott Stember: All right. And just – last question just, so it sounds as if you’re still comfortable with the – I guess, the long-term growth rate of the business, which I think you’ve said in the past is in that mid-single-digit range. That hasn’t changed, correct?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, no, that really hasn’t changed. I mean, we had, like you said, we had an eight last year. In fact, we had a pretty good year, maybe five quarters or four quarters. It was a little bit over the range 7% to 8%. I always said that I thought it was a 5% business and it kind of came back a little bit, but it’s those specific reasons why that. It’s not like we’re ringing our hands on this at all. When you talk to franchisees, they like this – our product.
Scott Stember: Got it. That’s all I have. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Good morning, everyone.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Good morning.
David MacGregor: Yes, congratulations on the SFC. It sounds like you were pretty pleased with attendance. I’m just wondering what did the shorter SFC fulfillment window contribute to third quarter Tools segment growth?
Nicholas Pinchuk: It’s hard for me to say that. I mean, we – you’re saying that we – but let me make sure you’re asking what. So fundamentally, we didn’t drive SFC orders out into next year. We kind of let them be through December and then – for government work, and then not so much into the next year. That’s we – I think we talked about that on the other call. I’m not sure how much that really contributed. So I guess, if you do the arithmetic and you say, “Okay, you compare year-over-year and as we did, you would say you did better than last year in your SFC orders. And you did better, because it was a shorter – and it was spread over fewer months, you would think you would contribute to that arithmetically, right?” And so I think that’s true. But that to me that was tremendously encouraging, because we had less – we – our guys, when they were ordering, we’re thinking of less time to be able to liquidate this kind of product. So we felt pretty good. I think that was a real positive for us.
David MacGregor: Okay. Within the Tool segment, how did the size of the average ticket compared to third quarter a year ago? And also maybe how did the number of transactions compared to third quarter a year ago?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Say that first part again, David, please?
David MacGregor: Sure. Within your Tools segment in your U.S. business, how did the size of the average ticket – sales ticket that your guys grow? How did that compare year-over-year? And then also…
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, I think it’s probably a little smaller. I think, RA was – what we call RA, the smaller ticket items and hand tools was very strong and power tools are very strong. So the thing is, if you – how we interpret these things is we roll off the product and hand tools was very strong off the SFC. I think you felt this yourself, but power tools was also very strong and we kind of get this reinforcement. And those two are generally smaller ticket items. Although you can have a big ticket item in a power tool depending on which one it is, generally, the smaller ticket items.
David MacGregor: Okay, but the number of transactions perhaps?
Nicholas Pinchuk: It’s got to be. I mean, the thing is, their sales were – they are deliberate. The sales off the van were about the same as the U.S. sales, so they were up about the same. So if they’re selling those, those hand tools and power tools and then the number of transactions are higher, I think, that’s probably true.
David MacGregor: It just looks from me…
Nicholas Pinchuk: I haven’t looked at it pay to myself. I’m just extrapolating logically.
David MacGregor: Right, that makes sense. If organic sales remained slow, are you likely to respond with acquisition growth, or is it possible we could see an extended period of below target growth?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think, we’re coming back. I think, the Tools Group has started to solve its problems. I mean, if you look at the U.S., everybody was focused on that like a heat-seeking missile and it grew at 2.4% in the quarter. And I think we would say not where we wanted to be, but a lot better than it’s been. So it appears to me, you would conclude that if you look at the history of the last three quarters in the Tools Group, it’s got better every quarter. The second derivative of its growth has gotten better. So I think, we’re going back towards there. The RS&I situation, we see as a positional thing, and C&I has been doing pretty well.
David MacGregor: Yes. One more if I could there. [Multiple Speakers]
Nicholas Pinchuk: I see it.
David MacGregor: How did your storage business compare year-over-year?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Storage business in the quarter – the – was about flat, down slightly. So it’s kind of flat. The SFC was good though. The SFC was stronger. So, it takes a while sometimes for that stuff to work its way through the system. So that’s kind of what we saw in the storage business.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from…
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: … David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker: Good morning, everyone.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Hi, David.
David Leiker: Nick, if we look at on the international side of Snap-on tools, I mean, you saw primarily in three regions. Are you suggesting all three of them struggled a bit in the quarter?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, I didn’t. I’m suggesting – I can tell you that. two or the three struggled in a quarter. One was up. We – I think, that sort of what I was saying in the prior call. This time a couple of them lined up negatively. We always see a lot of variation in this quarter. And thankfully, it’s been mostly more – sometimes positive, sometimes negative, but this time, we had two negatives line up. So that’s what drove this kind of thing. I don’t think we see anything in this. So we’re thinking it’s just the – just third quarter.
David Leiker: And then in the diagnostics and information, you seem to be saying that’s more of a comp issue versus last year and I think you had said ZEUS launch in that. If you look at it sequentially, is there – what’s the tone of business in that, and that’s part of RS&I?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think – look, I think, the tone of business was about – was down somewhat, because you’re getting further from the product launch of Apollo, which was the beginning of the second quarter. I think, the situation was one, comparison to itself year-over-year; and two, comparison to being in front of all these other product lines that we’re launching at its primary stage, which is the SFC. Remember, the thing is that, the diagnostics business has only a few SKU, a relatively small number of SKUs. So when you launch a new product, if it is at the SFC, it gets a lot of attention. When you launch a new hand tool, it’s one of many. We’ll launch a new power tool, it’s one of many. So those tend to reap of the SFC or the kick off. So at the SFC, I think, we had a set of compelling new product – new products associated with power tools and hand tools and they captured the attention of the people, and we just didn’t have anything new. And so in diagnostics and so that tended to be a little bit of mute. And it was comparing to last year, which was kind of a pretty strong quarter.
David Leiker: Okay. And then if we look at…
Nicholas Pinchuk: [Multiple speakers]
David Leiker: Okay. And then if we look at the Snap-on credit, the provisions are a little bit lower. Was that just kind of mark in the market with what your actual experience is or something else there?
Aldo Pagliari: So I got it, David. So it’s reflective. There has been attenuation of losses. There’s less charge-offs for the provision that’s required to be a little bit less. So sequentially, you see improvement. Now, again, if you look at the absolute year-over-year, it’s still higher, but sequentially it’s been improving and the trends there are going in the right direction.
David Leiker: And then just one more number question, the corporate expense number came out a little bit light, good thing, but that helped the margin there a bit, anything in particular there?
Aldo Pagliari: No, mostly it’s the legal expense if you look at year-over-year. Our tendency is still – corporate expenses per quarter run between $20 million to $25 million. You’re right, this year we’re at the lower-end of that range. Last year, if you look and exclude the legal charge, you see we fell at about 23-ish or something like that. So nothing really has changed there.
David Leiker: Okay, great. Thank you much.
Aldo Pagliari: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Gary Prestopino with Barrington.
Gary Prestopino: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Good morning, Gary.
Gary Prestopino: Nick, most of the questions have been answered. But I guess, could you maybe talk about, you mentioned that in the conference in Nashville, orders were up a certain magnitude. You – could you maybe give us a range of what those orders were up vis-à-vis last year?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Look, they ranged – they really ranged from high-single digits to, in fact, some people were double digits to a couple, we would say, mid single digits or maybe edging on both single digits. It’s a pretty strong quarter. Diagnostics was not up, but everything else is pretty, pretty strong.
Gary Prestopino: Right. And that was all hand tools and power tools, right?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, power tools. We have other things like compressors and air conditioning units. We sell things like that.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then…
Nicholas Pinchuk: Tool storage.
Gary Prestopino: Tool storage, okay. And then given what we’re seeing as far as the – you mentioned some of the lumpiness in the diagnostic business as you had tough comps and no new products. Is that really portend that, that this is more driven by new product introductions with that business/
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, I think the answer is unfortunately a little more complicated than that in this quarter. It is driven by new product introduction. So when you introduce a new product, particularly intelligent diagnostics, which electrified everybody.
Gary Prestopino: Right.
Nicholas Pinchuk: The thing is those things tend to be tough comps. But then when you compare it, like I said, in an atmosphere of the SFC, where everybody else is laying out their best – putting their best foot forward and diagnostic has already introduced two in less than a year. That’s the kind of thing you see. Now you still see sell-through in the Apollo, both the Apollo and the ZEUS did better than their predecessors. They’ve rolled out better than their predecessors, but it’s just that situation of ZEUS lapping last year’s incandescent introduction is one of our best diagnostic quarter, maybe the best diagnostic quarter ever. And the idea that they’re up against for a franchisee attention, some of these other products that simply is.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then really, I think, you might have mentioned this, but the feedback from your franchisees is that the environment is still pretty positive in the automotive?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Yes, I mean, like I said, I keep talking to them and they keep saying, yes. They’re talking about two-bay shops now expanding to four, people being robust. Now if you look at the BLS data in terms of the amount of spending on car repair and the technician wages are all favorable.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Good morning, guys.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: On the diagnostics question, and I guess, you said incandescent launch of ZEUS, is the trajectory of Apollo, I guess, lower than the launch trajectory of ZEUS? And is that part of the diagnostics challenge?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, I don’t think so. I think, look, I think, ZEUS was – the reason I may regret using the word incandescent. But look, I – it was a big launch, because it’s the – everybody got excited. It was the first time we talked about intelligent diagnostics. So that was the roll out of the $100 billion database. And so that got everybody talking more. I think that’s more or less that. Both of the – both of those products have exceeded their predecessors and their predecessors were pretty successful.
Bret Jordan: Okay.
Nicholas Pinchuk: ZEUS is – and the other thing Bret is that, ZEUS is a higher price point.
Bret Jordan: Right.
Nicholas Pinchuk: So you got our guys out there pounding away at a $12,000 price point. It tends to distort the situation. Everybody gets really excited a little bit more. It’s as qualitative as that, I think, but the Apollo was just successful.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then a question, obviously, we talked a lot about tariffs, now you’re relatively immune to that, given your low country of origin or your local manufacturing. But I guess, if you think about the assembly of the contents and its country of origin, do you see any pressure on your input costs? And I guess, as you think about the inverse of that, how do you stack up relative to your competition in your mix of imported assemblers versus theirs?
Nicholas Pinchuk: It – I can’t speak for the competition. But look, I think we make quite a bit of what we sell off those vans in America. We say like 75%, 80%. So we have a lot of U.S. competition. But don’t – when I say, we have a thin wedge relative to other people versus peers. Don’t mean, we’re completely going to hit them, but we’ve been dealing with material costs for [indiscernible]. I mean, our – we’ve been giving salary increases. For example, people are talking about labor increase. We’ve been given pretty robust salary increases for a decade to everyone and been managing it. We’ve been absorbing it, except for the people in this room. And then we’ve been – we have seen material costs. For example, we source U.S. Steel, but U.S. Steel rose, I think, 30% in the last 18 months and we’ve absorbed it. We have some of it in our P&L this time, but our margins were up 70 basis points.
Bret Jordan: All right. Thank you.
Nicholas Pinchuk: So I think, you will see some of this in the future, but I think, we’ll have to deal with this. Maybe I’ll be explaining on our future call that we got zinged by some of it, but I think this is part of what we do is manage this. And one of the things we have, Bret, that’s different is, I think, we’re quite vertically integrated. So we have a lot of opportunity for RCI because of that vertical integration.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Richard Hilgert with Morningstar.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Richard?
Richard Hilgert: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Good morning.
Richard Hilgert: The RS&I group, is there – you talked about how we’re seeing some expansion out there going from two-based, four-based that kind of thing. So there’s this potential for more investment out there. Is there anything out there on the horizon that causes somewhat some uncertainty among general managers and shop owners that might cause them to curtail any of their spending? Is there any of that out there anywhere?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I don’t think in the independent repair shops. I think, those tend to roll pretty well. I mean, I think, over the years I’ve seen them tend to be robust. Of course, people get different views. And during the recession, they were cash rich and confident. So something can happen to puncture their balloon of confidence, but I don’t see it right now. For OEM dealerships, they can ebb and flow depending on how good and I guess, new car sales are. But one of the great thing is that, the movement towards information and data and software is moving in a direction that plays in our advantage. And we see one of the stories behind our market is that our software business keeps growing. The software content keeps growing. Software the Tools Group was up significantly because of the intelligent diagnostics products of ZEUS and Apollo and some other things. And software growth in Mitchell 1 are repair information and shop management is up again. So the RS&I software grow. So component of our margin gain is – part of it is our software business is growing and that’s contributing to margin rate.
Richard Hilgert: That’s great, and that’s a great segue for my next question. How – on your revenue for each of your groups, you have your organic growth. You have your impact from acquisitions and your impact from currency. On your margins, with revenue being slightly softer, that would convey to me potential negative operating leverage for your margin. But then you’re offsetting it, part of that coming from the mix of products, some of that software. Is there anyway to quantify, here’s how negative the operating leverage was? Here’s how positive the impact from software is, or here’s how positive the impact of RCI is? Do you have any kind of information you can or color you can give us on that?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, that’s kind of a more detail. I will say, look, over – I’ll just give you a little bit of thought. We’re up 70 basis points as reported. 30 basis points was currency and we had some bad news associated with – the volume wasn’t down. The volume was still up on an organic basis. So on an apples-to-apples basis, it’s still up. So we didn’t have any deleveraging in that. We had some material cost increases. We had some other cost increases associated with the SFC. So you’re ending up with RCI and margin mix is about equal to the 70 basis points, a little bit better than 70 basis points that you had overcome in some of that bad news.
Richard Hilgert: Okay, great. Thank you.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have no more questions. I’ll turn it back to Leslie Kratcoski.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. A replay of the call will be available shortly on snapon.com. And as always, we appreciate your interest. Thanks a lot. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-19 00:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie Kratcoski - IR Nick Pinchuk - CEO Aldo Pagliari - CFO
Analysts: Liam Burke - B. Riley FBR Joe Vruwink - Baird Bret Jordan - Jefferies Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research David MacGregor - Longbow Research Scott Stember - C.L. King & Associates
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Snap-On Second Quarter 2018 Investor Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, Jennifer, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-On's second quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-On's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-On's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussions. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investor section. These slides will be archived on our website, along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the Company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release and conference call slide deck, which can be found on our website. With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning everybody. As usual, I'll start with some of the highlights of our quarter. I will speak about the general environment, the trends we see, some of the headwinds we have encountered and the progress we’ve made. Then Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. We believe that our second quarter further demonstrated Snap-On's ability to continue its trajectory of positive results over coming headwinds and period and period variations. We’re encouraged by these results. Like every quarter, we had disparity from group to group and within each group. The van business remains below trend, and some segments and some geographies still a down period, but once again our strength overcame diagnostic progress in the van network, broad gains in the critical industries and rise in our software products across our business. Those gains overcame the variations and moved us forward again. Our reported sales of the quarter were up 33.2 million or 3.6% to 954.6 million including positive foreign currency translation of 13 million. They also reflected an incremental 8.1 million from acquisitions, including last year’s Norbar operations and this year's FASTORQ business. Now, organic sales for the rose 1.3% with strong activity in critical industries and in diagnostic and repair information product, some of our higher margin areas. The OpCo margin was 20.2% reaching 20% for the first time, representing a 30 basis points increase over 2017 including an unfavorable 10 basis points drag from lower margin acquisitions and 20 basis points of favorable currency, profitability that demonstrates the ability of Snap-On value creation that consistently drive earnings growth. For financial services, operating income grew to 57.8 million from last year's of 54.6 million that result combined with OpCo to raise our consolidated operating margin to 24.2%, up similar 30 basis points. Earnings per share, they reached $3.12 including a $0.01 benefit related to the implementation of the U.S. tax legislation. That EPS was up from the $2.60 recorded last year, a rise of 20%. So those are the numbers. From an overall macro perspective, we do believe the automotive repair arena remains favorable. The Tools Group didn’t return to growth, but we did see sequential improvement and we do see further opportunities for advancement. The other side of order repair activity, repair system information of the RS&I Group encountered a period of unevenness across the business. Higher sales of diagnostic and repair information to independent repair supplements and manager verses a decline in the equipment area, despite that we like RS&I's progress and capitalizing on the rising requirement for database solutions and vehicle repair. Snap-On has a growing array of leading products to take advantage of that trend, new repair tools, hardware and software like the innovative midrange Apollo handheld diagnostics, incorporating intelligence diagnostics in its two year data package. And in products like our continuing improving Mitchell 1 ProDemand repair information software, strong offerings like those in software and data arena and data areas served RS&I and Snap-On very well in the quarter. For the commercial and industrial or the C&I Group, organic sales were up mid single digits, solid organic growth across sectors and geographies, and the critical industries double digit improvement around the world strengthened places like aviation, natural resources, military and general industry, progress in almost every sector also encouraging for C&I. SNA Europe, our European hand tools business delivering another quarter of sales growth, and our Asia Pacific division registering solid increase in key countries like India, Indonesia and Japan. So, overall, the results remain favorable. The Tool Group, sequential improvement, but not back to growth. RS&I uneven results but propelled by advancement in diagnostics and information products, offset by challenges in undercar equipment and strong gains in the critical industries of C&I. The opportunities out way the challenges and the results show it. In the operating income margin clearly demonstrated once again the leverage and the power of Snap-On value creation, safety, quality custom connection, innovation and rapid continues improvement. Those are the principles guiding our organization in the ongoing development of our product and solutions, borne out of the insights and observations gathered at our customers' workplace which together with RCI helps drive the product and margin progress again. Well, that's the macro overview. Now, let's move to the segment. In the C&I Group, organic sales were up 4.4% including 8.1 million from Norbar and FASTORQ and 5.8 million of favorable foreign currency as reported volumes rose by 9%. The operating income of C&I improves to 14.5%, a 60 basis point rise from 2017. Volume in RCI will offset 30 basis points from unfavorable currency and a 10 basis points impact from those recent acquisitions. For the industrial division, the progress across the critical industries was broad based at double digits with most sectors and most geographies advancing in the quarter. We believe the reasonably positive macroeconomic conditions coupled with an array of new products that saw a critical path to driving those gains and they are continuing. Speaking of critical industries and product, one of the great demonstrations of customer attraction and innovation has been our automated tool control system ATC the smart took box that keeps track of repair tool, avoiding foreign object damage that's important in so many places, made in our Algona, Iowa and Conway Arkansas plant. It's been a forefront of our extension of critical industries and it keeps evolving. Just recently adding a fingerprint feature to the basic card ID access protocol and we have also launched a new facial recognition access system that expands ATC's adaptability and application helping support ongoing international placement. ATC, a spearhead, a Snap-On -- a spearhead for Snap-On in critical industry, it's already recognized at the top of the line and tool control and we're making it stronger. Precision is becoming increasingly important in critical situations, and torque products are significant enabler in that trend. We've been building our torque capabilities to match that direction. In this quarter, our City of Industry, California torque operation, combined with our Sturtevant Richmont acquisition in Illinois to extend the Sturtevant Richmont digital torque control series, the DTC. The first facility of Sturtevant Richmont interchangeable heads in the compact package of a City of Industry, micro torque electronics they've been combined at another dimension to our DTC line. It gives us more to sell in critical heavy assembly operations where the space is often tightened and ability to adapt wrench head size is quite valuable as the technician moves from application-to-application. We believe we have a winner in the new digital torque control series and early customer feedback confirms it. In the late last quarter, we introduced a new half inch pneumatic impact wrench, the PT650 power tool, manufactured at our Murphy North Carolina facility right here in the U.S. You might remember that top of the line PT850 introduced to accolades last year, 810 foot pounds in power while still waiting a relatively light 4.3 pound, the go-to-tool for the top professionals, top tech love it. Well, late in June, we introduced its little sibling, the PT650 power tool, also from the Murphy plant, little less power, little 50 and of course more economical. It's an attractive package aimed at the entry level technician and we hear good things about its reception. To C&I a promising quarter, moving down its runways for growth, extending to critical industries and driving strong profitability. Now onto the Tools Group. Organic sales down 1.5%, reflecting primarily a low single digit decline in the U.S. and essentially flat international results. Operating earnings 79 million, down 2.1% and OI down to 0.1% and OI margin of 19.2% lower by 30 basis points, but still among the groups strongest. We do believe our actions to reinvigorate the van channel, our bearing fruit. This quarter they didn't increase -- create an overall increase, but they did positively affect the U.S franchise operations. Tool storage showed some recovery. Lead by the new high margin mid range KCP1422 and by handheld diagnostics also made progress, authoring another increase in software sales. As we rollout more Apollo and ZEUS unit with the revolutionary intelligence diagnostic feature, the data package sales that accompanies most of those units builds our software penetration, and software sales did grow again this quarter. You can see it in the Tools Group's gross margin. It rose to 45.9% up a 150 basis point. Now do impart the favorable currency, but that also reflected a big boost from the power of our new products, beyond the financial numbers. We do see continuing strength in other areas, advancements in our network are also evident franchisee health metrics, indicators we monitor and evaluate regularly, and again this quarter they remain favorable and that positivity was not just from our own measures we again acknowledge by outside publication, listing Snap-On as a franchise of choice both interest the U.S and abroad. We finished number 11, up two spots in entrepreneur magazine list of top global franchises published in June. Entrepreneur ranks, the top 200 global franchisees by using 150 data points formula factors like cost and fees, franchise support, branch strength, financial strength, stability and international size and growth. Now, this type of recognition reflects the fundamental and contemporary strength of our franchises in our overall van business. We wouldn't have been achieved without innovative new products. I just spoke about the introduction of our Snap-On KCP1425. We spoke about it last quarter as well, a full featured mid-tier tool storage unit with greater capacity in a compact footprint, made in Algona, Iowa released at the end of March. It was a clear success and it did help our tool storage line move forward. And we believe that our new socket line, the Flank Drive Extra, we call it FDX, will have a significant long-term positive impact out of our Milwaukee plant, the FDX is the simply the most important innovation in socket design since the original Snap-On Flank Drive System was introduced decades ago. The new FDX delivers improved turning power, better stationer engagement in greater strength. The patent innovation is that a grips the fasteners further off the corner with a more angled socket wall for greater turning power as much as 50% more on damaged round and fasteners, very important in a garage. It has an optimally chamfered lift on the hex end, additional leverage on shallow headed fasteners and fasteners with limited top clearance. The contour of outer wall enables easier socket removal and the large clearly identifiable markings on the socket size, make picking the correct size fast and easy even in dimly lit spaces. It was launched in June, the initial response has been quite enthusiastic and we believe it should be. Well, that's a Tools Group. Now onto RS&I, as reported sales of 343.1 million, up 1.5% including positive currency translation of 4.9 million -- including positive currency translation of 4.9 million. Organic sales were flat reflecting mid single digit sales gains of diagnostics and repair information products to the independent repair shop owners and managers, flat OEM dealership activity and mid single-digit decline in undercar equipment. Now RS&I operating earnings in the quarter increased 6.5 million or 7.9% to 88.7 million. The operating margin was strong 25.9%, up 160 basis points overcoming 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency translation, a margin gain that was again driven by innovative product. Repair shop products like our NEXIQ pocket HD handheld diagnostic for the heavy duty truck market specifically designed using customer connection for OEM and aftermarket repair centers or for fleet maintenance facilities. The pocket HD provides immediate access to critical diagnostic information for heavy duty repair. It's both versatile and reliable with the larger display and user friendly features, whether you're responsible for maintaining a large fleet or just responsible for a truck or two. The intuitive software of the pocket HD makes diagnostic easy. It comes preloaded with the standard heavy duty and light medium truck data and it also offers software for particular filter like regeneration and anti-lock system software, which covers both Bendix and Meritor WABCO systems. The new pocket HD is a powerful addition to any truck shop and we believe it's a winning product. Late last year, we launched the ZEUS, our top of the line handheld diagnostic. In April of this year, we introduced Apollo, our midrange handheld. With those new products, we further differentiate our offerings from competitors by giving professionals access to our intelligent diagnostics features and our proprietary databases in a handheld. Early sales have been strong for both models, and as I've said previously, the data packaging feature has been a big plus. And when you put those advancements together with a continuous gains being registered by Mitchell 1 one with its repair information software and with its shop management system, software sales at RS&I are also on the clear rise, matching the trend in vehicle repair and driving profitability. So to wrap up RS&I, you can say improving positions with repair shop owners and managers growth in diagnostics and information offsetting the other areas, organic sales are flat but profits and margins up nicely. Those were highlight of our quarter. Tools Group, still off, but improved. C&I reporting an overall strong performance especially in critical industry and RS&I expanding strength in diagnostic and repair information, progress along our runways for coherent growth and clear advancements down our runways for improvement, overall sales increasing organically by 1.3%. OpCo operating income margin of 20.2%, up 30 basis, EPS $3.12 in the quarter 20% higher than last year. It was an encouraging quarter. Now, I will turn the call over to Aldo, Aldo.
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $954.6 million in the quarter increased 3.6%, reflecting 1.3% organic sales gain, $8.1 million of acquisition-related sales and $13 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales gain this quarter particularly reflects strong sales in critical industries and in diagnostics and repair information products. Consolidated gross margin of 51%, increased 70 basis points primarily due to benefit from higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives and 10 basis points of favorable foreign currency, partially offset by higher material and other costs. The operating expense margin of 30.8% compared to 30.4% last year, primarily due to higher cost and 10 basis points of operating expenses from acquisitions, partially offset by 10 basis points of favorable foreign currency. As a result, our operating margin before financial services of 20.2%, improved 30 basis points from 19.9% last year. Financial services revenue of $82 million and operating earnings of $57.8 million increased 5.5% and 5.9% respectively from 2017. Consolidated operating margin of 24.2% of revenues improved 30 basis points from a year ago. Our second quarter effective income tax rate of 23.8% was a decreased by 20 basis points as a result of a $500,000 tax benefit related to newly issued guidance associated with last year's U.S. tax legislation. Excluding this benefit, the effective tax rate for the quarter as adjusted was 24.0% and compared to 30.6% a year ago. Finally, net earnings of $178.7 million to $3.12 per diluted share compared to $153.2 million at $2.60 per diluted share a year ago. Excluding the aforementioned tax benefit, net earnings as adjusted was $178.2 million at $3.11 per diluted share, up 19.6% compared to last year. Now let’s turn to our segment results. Starting with the C&I Group on Slide 7, sale of $337.8 million in the quarter increased 9%, reflecting a 4.4% organic sales gain, $8.1 million of acquisition-related sales and $5.8 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic increase primarily includes double-digit gains in sales to customers in critical industries and a slight increase in our European-based and tools business, partially offset by a low single-digit decrease in sales of power tools. Sales growth within the critical industries of business was broad-based across the end markets we serve, including both U.S and international aviation, natural resources, the military and technical education. Gross margin of 39.4% increased 40 basis points, primarily due to higher sales volume in RCI, partially offset by 30 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency. The operating expense margin of 24.9% improved 20 basis points compared to last. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $49 million increased to 14% and the operating margin of 14.5% improve 60 basis points from 2017. Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-On Tools Group of $411.9 million decreased 0.5%, reflecting a 1.5% organic sales decline, partially offset by $4.2 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales decrease includes a low single-digit decline in the United States, while sales internationally were essentially flat. Although, sales were again lower year-over-year in the United States, the percentage decline was less than that experienced in Q1, reflecting some sales recovery in the United States due in part to a modest year-over-year increase in sales of tool storage. Gross margin of 45.9% improved to 150 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to 70 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects, higher sales of higher margin products and benefits for the Company's RCI initiatives. The operating expense margin of 26.7% increased 180 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to the higher cost and the effect of the lower sales. Operating earnings for the Snap-On Tools Group of $79.0 million decreased 2.1% and the operating margin of 19.2% compared to 19.5% in 2017. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9, sales of $343.1 million increased to 1.5%, reflecting essentially flat organic sales and $4.9 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales level includes a mid single digit gain in sales of diagnostic and repair information products, largely offset by a mid single-digit sales decrease of undercar equipment. Sales to OEM dealerships were essentially flat. Gross margin of 48.1% improved to 120 basis points primarily as a result of a shift in sales that included higher volumes of higher gross margin products and benefits from RCI, partially offset by 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency. The operating expense margin of 22.2% improved 40 basis points over the last year. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $88.7 million increased 7.9% from prior year levels. The operating margin of 25.9% improved to 160 basis points from last year despite the 20 basis points of negative currency effects. Now turning to Slide 10. Operating earnings from financial services of $57.8 million and revenue of $82 million increased to 5.9% and 5.5% respectively from year ago. Financial services expenses up 24.2 million increased 1.1 million, primarily due to an approximately 800,000 increase and provisions for losses on finance receivables, which totaled 13.6 million in the quarter. On a sequential basis, finance receivable provision expense was down $2.2 million from $15.8 million in the first quarter, reflecting some further stabilization in the portfolio credit metrics. As a percentage of the average portfolio, Financial Services expenses were 1.2% in both the second quarters of 2018 and 2017. The average yield on finance receivable in the second quarter was 17.7% compared to 17.9% in 2017 driven principally by product mix. The respective average yield on contract receivables was 9.1% for both 2017 and 2018. Total loan originations of 276.1 million increase 5.5 million or 2% as a result of higher originations of contract receivables. Originations of finance receivables were down only slightly. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2 billion of gross financing receivables including 1.77 billion from our U.S operation. Our worldwide gross financial services portfolio grew $20.4 million in the second quarter, as for the 60-day plus delinquency trends, they are stable year-over-year and in the United States have come down sequentially from the first quarter, which we view as an indicator of further stability in the portfolio. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, the largest portion of the portfolio trailing 12 month bet losses of $51.5 million represented 3.17% of outstanding at quarter end, a 56 basis points year-over-year, but only 9 basis points sequentially, which is less than the sequential increases experienced over the last several quarters. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $186.9 million in the quarter, increased $59.8 million from comparable 2017 levels, primarily reflecting higher net earnings and an increase from net changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash used by investing activities of $63.7 million included net additions to finance receivables of 40.3 million and capital expenditures of $20.6 million. Net cash used by financing activities of $105.3 million included cash dividends of $46.3 million and the repurchase of 371,000 shares of common stock for $55.2 million under our existing share repurchase program. Year-to-date share repurchases totaled 646,000 shares for $98.7 million. As of the end of June, we had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $345.1 million of common stock under existing authorizations. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivables decreased $8.5 million from 2017 year-end levels due to $12.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency, day sales outstanding of 64 days improved by 2 days in 2017 year end. Inventories increased $29.5 million from 2017 year-end as a reminder, the year-to-date increase in inventory included $20.9 million related to the recognition of an inventory asset associated with the adoption of ASU Topic 606 on revenue recognition. On the trailing 12 month basis, inventory turns of 3.0 compared to 3.2 at year end 2017. By quarter end cash position of $112.3 million increased $20.3 million from 2017 year-end levels. Our net debt to capital ratio decreased to 23.7% from 27% at year-end 2017. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities. As of quarter end, we had $115.5 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. The Snap-On's second quarter, Tools Group, still off but improving. OI margin at 19 .2%, one of its highest. C&I, the extension to critical industries continuing a positive trend. OI margin at 14.5%, up 60 basis points against unfavorable currency and unfavorable acquisition. RS&I sales flat but the gains in diagnostics and information driving OI margins to a very strong 25.9% up 150 basis points from last year. It all came together for an organic sales rise of 1.3%, overall OI margins of 20.2% and an EPS of 3.12 up 20%. And we believe, the trajectories demonstrated in the quarter, the progress of diagnostics, the gains in critical industries and rise of software are significant trends that bodes well for continuing progress along our runways for growth. We also believe that the results for quarter are strong testimony to the power of Snap-On value creation, especially customer connection innovation in RCI to drive significant profit and margin achievement even in challenged situations. This was an encouraging quarter, positive for the present and promising for the future. And we're confident that we have the products, the business models and the team to continue our positive trend throughout 2018 and beyond. Now, before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly to our franchisees and associates. I know many who are listening, the progress of the second quarter would not have been possible without your contribution for your achievements in delivering this performance, you have my congratulations and for your support of our efforts and your commitments to our team, you have my thanks. Now, let's turn the call over the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Liam Burke with B. Riley FBR.
Liam Burke: Nick, you mentioned in the core Snap-On Tool Group, you saw a modest step up in storage sales from call stabilization. You were down organically. Can you give some color on how the hand tool business did? And how new product introductions went this quarter into the channel?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, hand tools were off a little bit, not much, but slightly. You could call it in the low single-digit. So it's really kind of you would call it flattish sort of, but down a little bit for the arithmetic purposes. The introduction of the new 1422 that mid-tier tool storage unit, was its fairly buckle and it helped to ignite better tool storage. Tool storage was up slightly in the quarter. So we saw some come back off course just barely, but it was up in the quarter which has been our first up in awhile, so we feel pretty positive about that. And the new product introductions associated with diagnostic tended to drive some positivity. The hand tools business you know I referred to FDX, the new wrenching system, I mean the new socket system that we have, and we're very bullish on that, but it was introduce late in the quarter so it didn’t make that much of a difference in this quarter. Diagnostics show some increases and software off course was up which helped drive profitability. The Tools Group margins, the 45.9 I think is maybe a all-time high. So those products were very good for us.
Liam Burke: And you've mentioned in the C&I business you've had new introductions on the power tools side. The power tools were down in the quarter since just the timing of introduction and new products or is there anything in power tools that are proving to be challenging?
Nick Pinchuk: No, the power tools on a C&I side rises or falls with the introduction in new product, and I talked about the PT650 which is the little sibling of something we produced last year. So one, in the quarters, we had somewhat earlier release last year of the big brother, the PT850, so you’re up against that one, and this one came out I said I think in the late June. So you really didn’t see an effect in that and you have that kind of disconnect. And of course, there is the question of power tools in C&I sales primarily itself externally but also sales big to the Tools Group. So there is a little bit of lag in terms of and disconnect between those two, going to inventory and selling that will sometimes drive differentiation in the quarter, but we think power tools has good things ahead of us because we like the power tools product that are coming out. We like the 650 and we like other things that will come out later in the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Leiker with Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Hi this is Joe Vruwink for David. Maybe just wrapping up product discussion for the Tools Group, so diagnostic in the quarter, it sounds like the overall category between tools and RS&I was up by some amount where the diagnostics sales into that tool channel up as well.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, diagnostic, the handheld diagnostics were up low single digit to couple percent, the big thing is you know you got those big ticket but higher margins diagnostic units of Apollo and ZEUS. Now, we often say that they have to share the margins with RS&I, but Apollo versus its predecessor is higher margin, so that’s why you're seeing the impact on margins.
Joe Vruwink: And then, there has been quite of lot of work done in tool storage not just a new product, new feature at the mid-level as you've been renovating the Rock 'n' Roll cabs. Was that an ongoing effort through Q2, so that Q2 would necessarily reflect a full three months benefit from all of these items and really I know Q3 is tough because the other conference, but Q3 would really be the first quarter everything is consistently selling for three months?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, that’s right, I mean, it wasn't ongoing and we’re putting on the 3D modeler on the vans on the Rock 'n' Roll cabs. The Rock 'n' Roll cabs are I think our franchises continue to tell us they are very effective, so you'd be entitled to that. Now remember, I say and I say this every third quarter that our third quarter can be a little squirrelly because we have the conference and it depends how many days or guys in the field all those things. But you will see the full force of that product going on and that feature going on in the second half. So, we’re pretty positive about that.
Joe Vruwink: And when you set back and just think about because for the big ticket categories, diagnostic and tool storage, that’s a pretty sharp rebound, higher compared to what the trend has been recently. When you think about just the new products that helped drive that, is it more than just a one quarter phenomenon? Are we looking at getting these products in front of the entire network and so we have three more quarters of benefit? Just how are you thinking about that?
Nick Pinchuk: All I’m thinking that we’re going to have late because I mean we think, if you’re talking about big ticket items, we think the diagnostics unit keep driving. And of course, if you think about this the driving of new software, you can look at the numbers about one third, let say software starts to increase dramatically because only single digits of the people were buying subscriptions. Now one, third of installed base was taking updates in a year. But when you do as ZEUS, more than 90% have taken a data package and Apollo closed to 90% have taken the data package. And those are subscriptions, and so those represent a significant portion of the installed base. So that's what driving -- that annuity out, there is what's driving the software growth in the Tools Group. And we see that going forward more than anything and as well as the further sales of those. And then we have new products ready to rollout as well. Now, one of the things I will tell you that I think has good legs as to socket wrenching system, so I think that will keep going.
Joe Vruwink: And then last question from me so, obviously, these big ticket products are supported by Snap-On credit, and the portfolio has really done a nice job and kind of normalizing, so the improve -- the increase I should say in delinquencies, you are seeing that slow to pretty I would say normal levels. When you think of about supporting growth in these products on a go forward basis, will it be your expectation that the risk of the customer buying these products is pretty comparable to the current portfolio, so not so much and an increase in provision or delinquency is associated with this growth?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I'd say that. I think that's right. I mean I think the business is pretty well balanced now. I think like I said, like we said many times in many calls, the credit system is a kind of self-correcting system and it continually corrects both by us and by the franchisees. We think they are in a good spot now. Actually, we think the system is pretty balanced. You see originations kind of matching what big ticket is. You see sales by us matching or actually sales off the van are better than sales, our sales to the vans themselves. So, this makes for pretty good balance at least in a short-term. We feel pretty positive about where the Tools Group is. Now, I'd like to see growing off course, but it's certainly better than last quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Question on the 1422. I guess the new tool storage lines, are the margins comparable in that mix versus the old tools storage categories?
Nick Pinchuk: Better.
Bret Jordan: Okay, and I guess because it seems like it's more content that you've been adding to, is this just you are passing that through [indiscernible]?
Nick Pinchuk: Look at the gross margin, 3 basis points. The thing is -- I think that's the most the telling thing. We're selling these products for that given away I mean fundamentally that's what RCI is about, customer connection innovation, rolling our products more content, getting your price and also being able to control your cost in the phase of even material changes.
Bret Jordan: Okay.
Nick Pinchuk: 45.9, I believe, now we are not for sure, I think it's an all time high but it feels good.
Bret Jordan: Okay, so that was not just software driving margins higher?
Nick Pinchuk: The software was a factor, but it wasn’t just software. The icons -- the 1422 is higher margin.
Bret Jordan: That's perfect.
Aldo Pagliari: And then, the franchisee of that or anything particularly new is going to be rolled around that sort of the catalyst.
Nick Pinchuk: But I'm not announcing it on this call. So, yes, we will roll out some things I think, and it looks like it's been better attended than at least for registrations right now better attended than ever before.
Bret Jordan: And then just as housekeeping and within C&I, what percentage is now critical industries, and I guess what of that critical industries is U.S versus international?
Nick Pinchuk: Let's see, well, look critical industry and C&I is about 40%, I would say, for government work 40% and it's about 25% maybe 30% international, yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Just wanted a step back on some of the big ticket launches with Icon and Apollo and ask about the process of getting that into the channel. I think initially you might recognize revenue ahead of end purchase. I imagine the sell-through lacks, the initial channel fill little bit. But can you explain how that works? And where the second quarter lies on that process?
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t know, I mean, this is like every other product, we sell it to the franchisee, they take it and we book the sale expect for -- that’s for all the product and then we -- in the case of diagnostics products, we track what we call activations. So, we know right away when they sold into the industry. And so when I’m saying these products are, we not only sold more to franchisees, but we know that they are selling better off the van than anyone than their predecessors. Because we see the activations because they have to come back to us to activate the software, so we have that. And then you know there is the whole data package question that appended to ZEUS and Apollo with the franchise sells that, but we don’t book it, we amortize it over 36 months or 24 months depending on the period. And remember that, remember here that just to be clear, one of the things we monitor very clear is sales -- overall sales to end customers, for the quarter and for the year-to-date, the sales to end customers off the vans are higher than the sales and our sales to our franchisees.
Christopher Glynn: That was for the overall Tools Group, right.
Nick Pinchuk: Everything. Yes, everything, right, everything. Now, if you look at any particular product, particularly rolled out a new product of course it’s a lack. There is the guys got to get trained, they got to socialize and we roll them out, regionally, so there is a lot of variation from product to product. But for sure, there is a significant -- we've been clear that deliver sales will be called, sales up vans have been for a long-term and clearly in the quarter, better off the vans and we sold to them and therefore the inventories are shrinking.
Christopher Glynn: Okay and then on the stories, congrats on getting that up in the quarter. As I understand that the second quarter comp might have been especially easy in the second half what in 17 wasn't down quite as much. So, what would be some wisdom you might impart as we think about that?
Nick Pinchuk: See, I don’t know. I don’t think I worry so much about those comps. I think this quarter was -- if I look at the absolute amount size, I was encouraged by the absolute amount of these quarters. So I'm not so concerned about rolling into whether the third quarter or the fourth quarter was down or up. I'm looking for a positive so sequential and year-over-year improvement. However, I will again say that our third quarter was always squarely because you don’t know how many weeks or how many days the franchise is going to sell, and it's always been so and I've said so on every call that I've faced the third quarter. But we're optimistic going forward, we see like I said, we saw some improvement and we do see opportunities going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: Nick, I think this is important question here and I don’t know how you can maybe break it out for us. But it seems that with a lot of these new products that putting out and with data and more software being sold subscriptions. Can you give us an idea of just what percentage of the sales that you are doing right now, encompass data and software versus where they were last year at this time and where you think they may be able to go?
Nick Pinchuk: I can tell you this that the software sales in the Tools Group are up strong double digits. And the software sales in the sales group or maybe what would I say at quarter or quarter of diagnostic sales or maybe a third of diagnostic sales, so you can kind of triangulate around that time of thing. There are dribs and drabs in software at a lot of different places, but you can look at that. It's about a third of the diagnostic sales and we're up strong double digits in that particular. And so that is very profitable, if you pivot to the RS&I Group, software comprises about a third of that business, and we're up mid-single digits there, but it's a much boarder thing in a much different industry. There is a little bit of double pounding because they're selling into Tools Group. But it's still positive software, one of the cool things is our database is our common home, and they have given us better sales and that what's driving this kind of profitability. If you looked at our gross margins quarter, it's pretty strong. I usually don’t talk about gross margin, but if you look at the overall businesses gross margin, I think it's an all-time high as well and it's being driven…
Aldo Pagliari: I guess what I'm getting at is that, it seems that would more use to software, more use to data that there has been you are driving a little bit more a shift change in your product mix and that these gross margins at least not on a absolute number basis, but gross margin expansion should be sustainable as long as you keep selling these products and introducing new products. Is that kind of correct?
Nick Pinchuk: Sure, I mean the thing is, just think of it this way. The balance in the Apollo and the ZEUS was that we package the software. The data package was appended to the hard body, and therefore a figure out-of-the-box place, so we list that higher prices for our customers, but we sold them in pretty bigger number than a predecessor and that created a bigger software streams which will keep recognizing. So, we don’t recognize a portion of that higher price because we wait, we recognize it month-by-month. So what you are seeing is a growing amortization of that in some cases, in many cases. So you will see that sort of annuity coming home.
Gary Prestopino: And then, is that fact that what you’re doing with the software and data and all that, is that just because we're continuing to see more complexity in vehicles? I mean, is a lot of this being driven by the fact that you know maybe cars from 2010 on have more technology, more software and these mechanics need to have this?
Nick Pinchuk: Exactly, they need that and like you say, 40% of the repairs in car, overall car park required diagnostic unit, 80% of the repairs in the new car required diagnostic units and only getting worse, it's getting more complex. And we have the best one, the 1 billion record data base for smart repairs and almost a 100 billion data base for decoding, some of the codes when you don’t have an easy solution, people are liking that why they are buying these products at strong prices.
Gary Prestopino: And then lastly.
Nick Pinchuk: And responding to that trend, and we’re the only ones who have the data.
Gary Prestopino: That’s important. And then lastly just on the, I know you doing a big refresh on the tool storage and with the vans and all that. Somebody may have asked this question, but I didn't quite get the answer. Where are you in that? Have you basically completed that or we still going to introducing more tool store unit and you have more tinkering with the van channel to go?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, I'll let you know when we're growing at much bigger. We keep making tinker. We tinker all the time. We make changes all the time. So, we will keep changing the tool storage, but this is a big. Now, when we come up to an SFC, we do have changes associated with tools storage line. We roll it out 3,495 franchises get to see it and so, we kind be ready for that. So, you’re seeing some of that changes going on. And if that doesn’t work, we will keep tinkering.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: I’m just trying to understand question on originations, Nick. Your finance receivables are down. Your diagnostics were up. Your storage is up. You've got software increase obviously. How you reconcile that with finance receivables being down?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I will let Aldo answer that. But I'll tell you -- part of it is -- that is fairly a direct correlation because there is a timing difference in lot of that. But Aldo, you want to…
Aldo Pagliari: Yes, finance receivables are down 0.3%, so if you correlate that with the low single-digit, the increase in handheld diagnostics and full storage, and you’re down a little bit in other products generally speaking. I think it triangles quite well, but there is that timing difference I think I mentioned. Right, but originations reflect sales of the franchisees off the van versus ourselves, but I think they triangulate very closely.
David MacGregor: Maybe I could follow up with you offline on that, to try and better understand some of the puts and takes. On the originations, you were up 2%, driven by growth in contract receivables. Can you talk about what’s driving that growth? And how much of that is for franchises purchasing larger trucks and just more inventory versus maybe other factors that are play there?
Aldo Pagliari: That's a good portion of it is in fact van related when you have contract franchisees coming on board, when they start up or missing routes. Often times, they are financing to the end involve, but also there is some financing of working capital it's kind of normal, but that's been positive.
David MacGregor: And then how the franchises inventory levels stand at present, specifically on big ticket stores and diagnostics?
Nick Pinchuk: I think it's hard to specify individual pieces, but all I can tell you is, the sales off the vans are better than our sales to them. And so, that's being going on throughout the whole year. Now, franchise to franchisees, they may have more inventory or less inventory. I talked to franchisees who said both. I think you would say that, if it's a new product, they probably have more inventories than the less because they are rolling it out and they like to put it in front of customers. And when they see customers, they want to strike while the iron is hot. I think for stuff that's been around for a while, they have less inventory.
David MacGregor: And then, you've noted your reported delinquencies were stable year-over-year. I guess that marks the first year-over-year stability in about 10 quarters at this point. Does Snap-On become more accommodated on credit at the end of the quarter so as this marked a more permanent change for credit policy?
Aldo Pagliari: No, I don’t think so. I think the policy -- we've again making some changes more at the beginning of the year and in middle of the year, but no change in that regard. I think what you are seeing is just an improvement in the base of activity and stabilization as I mentioned. Normally, you get sequential changes 0 to 10 basis points. This time, you saw a 20 basis points the improvement, if you look from Q1 moving into Q2. So I think this is overall stabilization.
David MacGregor: On the SFC, I guess last two years ago you had a greater SFC. Last year, it was a little disappointing. What are you going to do differently this year to support the stronger sort of order growth performance? Are you revisiting the whole bundling strategy or maybe if you can talk a little bit about that?
Nick Pinchuk: Sure, we learn something -- we do learn some things about the size that a hand tool bundles last year. We learned some things about the length of the [Indiscernible] speed, time period under which we were booking SFC orders. In other words, when you go to SFC, you could book orders out for delivery out through February. So this year, we're tightening that a little bit to be to make it more direct and understandable. I think our franchises like that and off course we are working harder on products. Now, we think I'd say what based on registrations, it seems like this is going to be a pretty good one. So, the first step is getting people there, it looks like that's going to happen. Now, we think we have to learn the lesson. We've learned some lessons of last year. We expect that to work, but that's the art of -- sort of the art of the presentation.
David MacGregor: And then, you talked -- just to go back to tools for a second just quickly, your operating expenses in the tool segment were up 180 basis points. Can you just help us understand the main factors behind that increase?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, we're trying to sell more and we -- so investing in support in terms of people in the field, in terms training, when we roll out something like the Apollo or the ZEUS, hey, complicated now. So, you got to put more time in training and supporting our sales. Our guys just don’t -- they have a lot of other products to worry about, so you have to supplement that and that drives a lot of that. So, it's not a surprise to me. If I close my eyes and I say and you told me that we rolled our products with intelligent diagnostics, and we have two of them in a field and then we rolled out a new different silhouette tools support box, which is again you want to sell the features and so. And we are talking about an FDX towards the end of the quarter which is new wrench, a new socket system. I would say we spent a lot of money trying to support that.
David MacGregor: Will that continue with that level over the next couple of quarters?
Nick Pinchuk: No, I think it depends on our feeling about how well our franchise and how well the training takes the first time. Usually, we're making assessment of that afterwards and we say, gee, do we need to roll some new market because our guys don’t understand it at all. With products like this you want to make sure that both the seller and the customer appreciates the technology because as some people have said other people are offering cheaper stuffs.
David MacGregor: Last question from me, you've talked about the higher materials and other cost as a negative to consolidate gross margins. I guess, how do you expect second half to defer from the second quarter experience in terms of different…
Nick Pinchuk: No, I’m not really sure. I’m not sure. For example, steel prices, we buy steel in the U.S. Our steel, the Milwaukee sockets are made with U.S steel. All our hand tools are U.S. steel and they rose 30% in last 18 months. So, I’m not sure what’s going to happen in the future. It's hard to say where there will be more or less. Certainly, we think we can manage it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Stember with C.L. King & Associates.
Scott Stember: Can we just talk about RS&I, maybe just flush out, it looks like a diagnostic and software did well and the flatness really came from the undercar care or the under care equipment and flat OEM? Can you maybe just talk about I know there is lumpiness in the business, but maybe just talk about what’s drove down in particular the undercar equipment side?
Nick Pinchuk: That’s a good question. I mean that is the question there. I mean the thing is the flatness to the OEM is generally driven by the chronic lumpiness of that business, and we’ve seen it go up and down pass, the equipment business was all up. I think its mid single digits or low single in the quarter and that is the little worse than it's been. And you got a couple of effects one is that, we had a couple of in some of the peripheral pieces that business like break ways and so on, we had some pretty big distributions last year in terms of some major OEM that did create a headwind. And we had some difficulties around things like we change the deliveries associated with some of our in our collusion business and we had a little destocking with distributors. And around some of our lift factories had the same kind of things in terms of delivery. So, we had something that you could explain some of it. I think the rest of it is just, boy, it was a tepid quarter. So, we saw a tepid quarter and we had a couple of three things in there that you could make some explanation, but I don’t think they added up to the whole downturn.
Scott Stember: So, it sounds like probably two thirds of it was more transitory or at least some of it goes away?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I mean I think it is our job is to try to six that. I mean we don’t like it down there in that situation. So, we have to try to figure out how to deal with those -- the way we’re dealing with the transitory stuff is couple of new products are rolling out. So some people might have been anticipating that and backing up. We've got some new products rolling out in a fall, so we will do that. We’re going to take a look at that sourcing associated with the relationship with the distributors, and see if we can make sure that, it doesn’t just throw us that air ball again. And so, that’s all we do in that situation.
Scott Stember: All right and on power tools, did you just talk about how that did within the tool segment? And how that affected the intercompany sales on C&I?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, look, the power tools business is up slightly in the Tools Group. Cordless tools sold pretty well in the quarter. You know that pneumatic that I talked about coming out of the C&I business was launched late, so wouldn’t have any effect some on into the Tools Group. Generally, you saw the small tools that come from our Kunshan factory in China. The little 14.4 volts sell pretty well in the Tools Group, which created that positivity. And then, they were really selling down some of the inventory they had from prior distribution from the C&I business. And we expect that a little bit to change as new products rollout from C&I, but that sort of it. Tools Group had a reasonably positive hold in the right -- but positive, holding their own in cordless though, weaker in pneumatic in the marketplace. And but some of that was driven by our smaller like cordless power tools that come out of Kunshan therefore in this quarter, the C&I power tools factory in Murphy didn’t benefit from it.
Scott Stember: And just last question, you've talked about I guess the first salvo of tariffs that went out on steel and aluminum. Can you maybe just touch base on the last couple the $50 billion that were announced in 200 billion, how you guys can offset that going forward?
Nick Pinchuk: I think, if you talked about products, generally, we are sourcing the markets from where we -- we're sourcing the markets where we sell, so we generally have a fairly positive profile versus those kinds of interruptions. And if we don’t, we have the ability to move things around the resource. So when we look at the list of tariffs, we think we're pretty well positioned for those things, and those things that we are not, that's our job to make the difference. So at least that we look at it right now, we were not ringing our hands and worrying about them effectively. So, I think now things could change and things would be changing minute by minute with tariffs. So, I'm always saying to what I see right today and what's in place today we are okay.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski for closing remarks.
Leslie Kratcoski: Great. Thanks, everyone for joining us this morning. A replay of the call will be available shortly on our website. And as always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-On. Good day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie Kratcoski - VP, IR Nicholas Pinchuk - Chairman and CEO Aldo Pagliari - SVP, Finance and CFO
Analysts: Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. David MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Liam Burke - B. Riley FBR, Inc. Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. Scott Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Snap-On First Quarter 2018 Results Investor Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, Jenny and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-On's first quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-On's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-On's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick-off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com under the Investors section. These slides will be archived on our website, along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans, or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, is included in our earnings release and conference call slide deck, which can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks Leslie. Good morning everybody. As usual, I'll start the call by covering the highlights of our quarter and along the way, I'll give you my perspective on our results, on our markets, on the progress we've made, and what we believe it all means. And then Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. We believe that our first quarter again demonstrated Snap-On's ability to continue its trajectory of positive results, overcoming significant headwinds, and period-to-period variations. We're encouraged by the quarter. Something -- like every quarter, I suppose, but something did not go as we would like. The Tools Group remained below trend and some segments and some geographies saw a down period. But once again, our strength overcame, our core hand tools, and the van network, and in Europe, and in segments like the military and general industry was strong. And then our very different products, software, also showed significant progress across our businesses, and that general combination overcame the turbulence and moved us forward again. Our reported sales in the quarter were $935.5 million were up of 5.5%, including $26.9 million of favorable foreign exchange, $14.3 million of acquisition-related sales, and $7.2 million or 8% organic gain. EPS was $2.82 and that included a $0.07 net gain related to the issuance and early retirement of debt and a $0.04 charge related to the implementation of the U.S. tax legislation. Without these one-time items, EPS was $2.79, up from last year's level of $2.39. That significant rise includes an OpCo operating margin of 19%, a 20 basis point decrease, but reflecting a 20 basis point impact from unfavorable currency, and a 10 basis points drag from the lower margins on our recent acquisition. When you combine these OpCo gains with the earnings of $56.9 million from Financial Services, it brings Snap-On's consolidated operating margin to 23%, down 10 basis points from last year, again, impacted by currency and acquisitions. Let's look at our markets. We believe the auto repair market remains a great place to be despite the variation. The Tools Group, it registered a similar performance to the fourth quarter last year with the U.S. volume down. We clearly haven't returned to growth, but we do see the positives in our new products and in the underlying opportunities. Repair Systems & Information Group, or the RS&I Group, encountering a period of lumpiness in the essential project segment with vehicle OEMs, but despite that, still expanding -- Snap-On -- still expanding Snap-On's presence in the garage, capitalizing on innovative new tools, hardware and software, like the top-of-the-line ZEUS handheld diagnostic and its three-year data package. The blue link mini truck diagnostic unit and are continuously strengthening ProDemand vehicle repair software, all leading to growth and independent repair shops and more than offsetting the OEM lumpiness. C&I, it includes the businesses that serve critical industries and is the most international of our groups. And in the quarter, the results showed progress. Despite some challenges in industrial sectors and troubled geographies, in the critical industries, we saw improvement in the military and heavy-duty and general industry, combining to overcome period-to-period variations, as we call it, in segments like aviation and in places like the Middle East. From SNA Europe, we saw general advances in most of Europe. In our Asia-Pacific division, solid increases in key countries like Japan, China, and India. So, overall, I'd describe our markets as continuing to offer opportunity. Now, challenges still exist and there are pockets of turbulence, but we're encouraged by the advancements in the quarter, progress down our runways for growth, enhancing the van network, expanding our repair shop owners and managers, extending to critical industries and building in emerging markets, leveraging our broad -- our broadening product line and increasing our understanding of work, giving us the power to grow in critical sectors and important geographies. Now, let's move to the segments. In the C&I Group, organic sales were up 1.9%, including the $13.6 million for Norbar and for our most recent acquisition, FASTORQ, and a $13.3 million of favorable foreign currency. First quarter as reported volume rose 11% compared to last year. From an earnings perspective, C&I operating income was $46.5 million, up from the $41.9 million that we recorded last year. The operating margin was 14%, flat with 2017, but with volume and Rapid Continuous Improvement, or RCI, offsetting 70 basis points from unfavorable currency and a 10 basis point impact from our recent acquisitions. The story for C&I in the quarter was continuing progress in several of the critical industries and advancements by SNA Europe, partially attenuated by a down period in aviation, both for international and for the U.S. and by lower sales of power tools for the Tools Group. We're confident in and committed to extending in critical industries. We'll keep strengthening our position as we move forward and we have seen continuing gains, held greatly by our lineup of innovative new products, matched to the task, and designed to especially make work easier in the uniquely challenging industrial workplaces. One example is our recently released line of [Indiscernible] pistol grip pneumatic drills manufactured in our Murphy, North Carolina plant. It's a new product line used for drilling ferrous and non-ferrous metals, plastics and composite, aimed at complex assembly and repair where precision is critical. This tool offers a dual chamber motor for high drilling torque, a drop-in motor configuration with simple alignment -- with simple alignment for quick service and at three planned gear carrier for precise -- precision and durability, all great design, all top-of-the-line design features. And it's also quite easy to use and it has a lightweight housing for extended use without strain and a contoured inlay grip for maximum comfort and reduced fatigue. The new Murphy pneumatic drill power, durability and comfort is a winning product for task and critical industries. Now, I already mentioned SNA Europe's organic sales growth. That progress was clearly evident in our results and was broad-based across the European landscaping, including some fairly difficult reasons. Snap-On SNA Europe -- SNA Europe's positive trends or performance now extends to 18 straight quarters with year-over-year sales growth and profitability. It was up once again contributing to C&I performance, now reaching 20 continuous quarters of improvement. The SNA Europe positive trajectory is also driven by innovative new products, products like the all in line BAHCO's precision cutting and holding pliers. Each of these is made with the ball bearing grade-- with ball bearing grade steel for resiliency, toughness, and the ability to withstand high impact. For both the cutting and the holding pliers, the entire frame is heat-treated for superior stiffness and for the cutting -- and the cutting pliers have induction hardened edges, extra strength and sharpness that completes a clean cut for a minimum of 200,000 cycles. BAHCO's new plier line, a powerful hand tool is designed to excel in critical applications. So, based on early inception, the professionals are now using it. The pliers have launched to a very strong reception. Well, that's C&I. Now, onto the Tools Group. Organic sales down 2.7%, a mid-single-digit decline in the U.S., partially offset by a mid-single-digit gain internationally. And operating earnings, $68.9 million, down 2%, that represents a margin rate of 17%, lower by 20 basis points. So, the Tools Group, down in volume, minimizing the impact on profitability. We are seeing turbulence, but our van network remains strong. You can see it in the franchisee metrics. The financial and physical indicators, again this quarter, they remained favorable matching the clear optimism we see when we meet our franchisees. You see, we continue to be confident in the opportunity for our van network and the tools team is working with focus and energy to restart progress with programs like our refurbished rock 'n roll past and with great new products. When we speak of products, we turn to Snap-On Value Creation and the processes of safety, quality, customer connection and innovation and Rapid Continuous improvement. In this case, it's customer connection and innovation, creating new products, solving critical tasks, and we're doing just that. For example, we're building a comprehensive line of ratcheting wrenches, wider than any other available, matching the unique requirements for a broad range workplace. Last quarter, I spoke about the introduction of our longest 12 point, high performance ratcheting box wrenches. They sold extremely well in Q1 in the first quarter and they were joined this quarter by the introduction of our latest and smallest variance of our patented ratcheting wrench family, our compact length Drive Plus reversible ratcheting wrenches available in both SAE and metric and size down to six millimeters. This small, but still professional-grade ratcheting wrenches are equipped with [Indiscernible] gears made in the same special alloy steel found Snap-On's robust socket. Our high-precision forming and machining and our unique call and high gear count provide access to the tightest spaces, while at the same time offering unparalleled confidence in the strength and durability of the tool. These wrenches give the tech working on critical tasks the smallest envelope and the shortest swing arc, exactly what's needed to efficiently work with tiny fasteners in confined spaces. Under the crowded dashes of newer model -- newer model vehicles. Check the 2014 Chevy Silverado some time and you'll see what I mean. This smallest offering in our ratcheting wrench line is one-third the length and one-fifteenth weight of the wrenches we spoke of last quarter. They are compact and they are going to be popular. We believe we have a great range of hand tools in our new ratcheting wrenches and so do the technicians. Hand tools sales were up nicely this quarter, demonstrating our product strength and contributing to the tools market. Another new tools product, the KMP 1422, Snap-On icon tool storage unit, designed after extensive customer connection with younger technicians and launched just as the quarter was closing. Made in our Algona, Iowa plant, the mid-tier unit with broad appeal, but with some great top-end features and unique capacity advantages. It comes standard with integrated -- with an integrated power drawer for recharging cordless power tools and other electronic devices. It has a five outlet, two USB port power strip for charging batteries, cellphones and tablets, all while securely stored in the unit. And it offers a special speed drawer with configurable dividers giving the technician quick access to small tools and parts, a very attractive feature. But most importantly, the icon has a redesigned profile, taller than our usual mid-tier boxes, providing greater capacity within the standard footprint, great for the compacts spaces, sometimes allocated to new techs. And along with the capacity and size, the new design offers strong durability, heavy-duty drawer slide, reinforcing our panels and vibration-absorbing chassis on a wider wheelbase, also provide a more stable environment for those heavy tool loads. We release the icon at the end of the quarter and we've seen some promising interest since its launch. Let me make one more point on the Tools Group quarter. We've been increasing our emphasis on software with the shops and tech for some time, selling updates, promoting subscriptions, and with the ZEUS, focusing on a three-year data package. While in the first quarter, our software sales were up significantly, not enough to restart growth, but it does help overall profitability, and it does represent a very promising development. Now, let's speak of RS&I, first quarter organic sales rose 2.6%, mid-single-digit gains registered by our diagnostic and repair information businesses focused on independent shops, low single-digit growth by our businesses focused on OEM dealers, and flat volume in our undercar equipment operation. Operating earnings of $85.8 million increased $6.7 million from 2017. Operating margin was 25.5%, up 70 basis points, overcoming a 60 basis point impact from currency and acquisition. Now, in the -- now, the OEM facing business advanced, but not as strongly in the recent past. You might remember that that operation is rooted in the essential diagnostic and tool commissioned by auto manufacturers for the dealers. Every quarter, some programs end and others begin. It's always been a lumpy arena and in the first quarter, our new projects, once again, outweighed those which are ending, but not by us a bigger margins in the past. So, the business showed lower growth. It's not indicative of a trend or the future. It's just the lumpy nature of that business. Having said that, we continue to clearly see abundant runways for growth in the RS&I group, expanding Snap-On's presence in the garage. You can see it in the opportunities. You can see the opportunities and continuing progress demonstrated by our sales of diagnostics and information to independent repair shops. That activity was, once again up, this time, mid-single-digits, showing our strong position, rooted in comprehensive repair information, wide coverage of makes, models, and years and amplified by our proprietary and formidable database of actual repair records, providing unique and time-saving shortcuts for technicians. We keep expanding in those independent shops, driven by products like Mitchell 1's ProDemand for light vehicles, cars, light trucks and SUVs. Late last year, we enhanced ProDemand software with the addition of one search, providing clearly enhanced navigation and search capabilities. It was a winning move, driving more sales. This quarter, we upped the ante again, making it possible to identify vehicles configuration simply by entering the license plate number. With that new feature, technician can enter the plate number and ProDemand will automatically identify the VIN and provide a specific equipment and service data for that particular vehicle. What a timesaver and for job service writers and for vehicle technicians for both of those populations. It really helps. But Snap-On and RS&I isn't only in light vehicles. We're in repair information for commercial trucks. Mitchell 1's truck repair suite for medium and heavy-duty trucks helps professional diagnose and repair all makes of class for to class A trucks, saving mechanics' time throughout the fixed. It's the only comprehensive truck information software of its kind available and we keep building its strength, expanding the capabilities and adding features like our comprehensive repair job estimating package, a very popular feature. And recently, we expanded again, adding a truck shop management system that helps businesses streamline and repair process, helps the business itself streamline and repair process, improve shop communication, engage with customers and track performance. Snap-On had decades of expertise in offering high-quality shop management solutions for light vehicle -- for the light vehicle repair market. And now that time-tested software has been adapted for trucks helping that special segment improve efficiency. And the product has been received with enthusiasm. You can see it in the continuing Mitchell1 growth numbers and there's much more opportunity for further expansion. Now, just finally, if you step back, you see that RS&I in recent quarters has shown some very encouraging growth in its vehicle software products. Those products are getting stronger every quarter. And this past period was no exception. Software was up significantly. It's evident in the RS&I OI margin of 25.5%, up 50 basis points, again, 60 basis points of currency and acquisition impact. So, those are the highlights of the quarter. Continued progress, overcoming headwinds against variation, sales growth and profitability gain, Tools Group challenged, period-to-period variation in some areas, but strength enhancement in software helping to achieve a 19% optical operating margin down to 20 basis points, but overcoming 30 basis points of impact of currency and acquisitions. EPS of $2.82 -- $2.79, excluding the $0.07 net gain related to net debt items and the $0.04 charge related to the U.S. tax legislation, up from $2.39 last year. It was an encouraging quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on slide six. Net sales of $935.5 million in the quarter increased 5.5%, reflecting a 0.8% organic sales gain, $14.3 million of acquisition-related sales, and $26.9 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Consolidated gross margin of 50.4% declined 10 basis points, primarily due to 20 basis points of unfavorable currency, 10 basis points from acquisitions, as well as other higher costs, but these were partially offset by savings from RCI. The operating expense margin of 31.4% compared to 31.3% last year. Operating earnings before Financial Services as a percentage of sales was 19%, including 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency compared to 19.2% last year. Financial Services revenue of $83 million and operating earnings of $56.9 million increased $6.2 million and $4.4 million respectively from 2017. Consolidated operating earnings of 23% of revenues compared to 23.1% of revenues a year ago. Other income expense net was income of $2.8 million. This includes a net gain of $5.5 million that was associated with the treasury lock settlement gain of $13.3 million. This is related to the February issuance of $400 million of 4.1% 30-year senior notes. This was partially offset by a $7.8 million loss on the early extinguishment of debt related to the repayment of $200 million of 6.7% 10-year senior notes that were originally due in 2019. Our first quarter effective income tax rate of 26.2% was increased by 120 basis points as a result of an additional $2.6 million tax charge. This reflects IRS guidance issued during the first three months of this year related to the implementation of last year's U.S. tax legislation and the computation of the company's 2017 federal income tax liability. Excluding this charge, the effective tax rate in the first quarter of 2018 as adjusted was 25.0% and compared to 30.7% in the first quarter of 2017. Finally, net earnings of $163 million or $2.82 per share diluted share compared to $141.6 million or $2.39 per diluted share a year ago. Excluding both the aforementioned net debt items and the tax charge, net earnings as adjusted was $161.5 million or $2.79 per diluted share, up 16.7% compared to prior year Tier 1 earnings per share. Now, let's talk to our results. Starting with the C&I group on slide seven. Sales of $331.6 million in the quarter increased 11%, reflecting a 1.9% organic sales gain, $13.6 million of acquisition-related sales, and $13.3 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic increase includes low single-digit sales gains in customers in the critical industries and the European-based hand tool business and in the segment Asia-Pacific operations. These gains were partially offset by a mid-single-digit decrease in sales of power tools. Gross margin of 39% decreased 10 basis points, primarily due to 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, partially offset by benefits from higher sales volume and RCI. The operating expense margin of 25% improved 10 basis points as 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects were more than offset by benefits from RCI and other cost-reduction initiatives. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $46.5 million increased 11% and the operating margin of 14% was unchanged from 2017 despite 70 basis points of unfavorable currency effects. Turning now to slide eight. Sales in the Snap-On Tools Group of $404.7 million decreased 1.1%, reflecting a 2.7% organic sales decline, partially offset by $6.7 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales decrease includes a mid-single-digit decline in the United States, driven by lower sales of big ticket items, which was only partially offset by a mid-single-digit sales gain internationally. Gross margin of 44.6% increased 130 basis points year-over-year, principally due to 50 basis points of favorable foreign currency, but also a year-over-year shift in product mix and benefits from the company's RCI initiatives. The operating expense margin of 27.6% increased 150 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to the effect of the lower sales. Operating earnings for the Snap-On Tools Group of $68.9 million decreased 2% and the operating margin of 17% compared to 17.2% in 2017. Turning to the RS&I shown on slide nine, sales of $337 million increased to 5.7%, reflecting a 2.6% organic sales gain, $0.7 million of acquisition-related sales, and $9.1 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase includes a mid-single-digit gain in sales of diagnostic and repair information products and a low single-digit sales increase to OEM dealerships. Sales of undercar equipment was essentially flat. Gross margin of 48.1% decreased 40 basis points, mostly due to 30 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. The operating expense margin of 22.6% improved 110 basis points, largely due to benefits from sales volume leverage and RCI initiatives, partially offset by 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $85.5 million increased 8.5% from prior year levels. The operating margin of 25.5% improved 70 basis points from last year. Now, turning to slide 10, operating earnings from Financial Services of $556.9 million on revenue of $83 million increased 8.4% and 8.1%, respectively, from a year ago. Financial Services expenses of $26.1 million increased $1.8 million due to a $2.8 million year-over-year increase in provisions for losses on finance receivables, which totaled $15.8 million in the quarter. On a sequential basis, finance receivable provision expense was down slightly from $16 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. As a percentage of the average portfolio, Financial Services expenses were 1.3% in both the first quarters of 2018 and 2017. In the first quarter, the average yield on finance receivables was 17.8% in 2018 compared to 18% in 2017, driven principally by product mix. The respective average yield on contract receivables was 9.2% and 9.3%. Total loan originations of $247.3 million decreased $17.3 million or 6.5% year-over-year due to a 9.4% decline in finance receivable originations, resulting from lower year-over-year sales of big ticket items in the United States for the Snap-On Tools Group, partially offset by higher originations of contract receivables. Moving to slide 11, our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $2 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.74 billion from our U.S. operation. Our worldwide gross Financial Services portfolio grew $8.3 million in the first quarter. As for finance portfolio, losses and delinquency trends, they are tracking higher year-over-year similar to what we've seen over the last several quarters. That said we believe the overall portfolio metrics continue to support an appropriate risk/reward balance in this segment of our business. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, the largest portion of the portfolio, trailing 12-month net losses of $49.4 million represented 3.08% of outstandings at quarter end, up 61 basis points year-over-year and 16 basis points sequentially. The 60-plus day delinquency rate of 1.6% for U.S. extended credit improved 30 basis points sequentially, a bit better than the typical seasonal improvement of 10 to 20 basis points from the fourth to first quarter. Overall, operating earnings in the Financial Services segment rose 8.4% year-over-year and our allowance for accounts reflects the above-mentioned trends and portfolio performance. Now turning to slide 12, cash provided by operating activities of $231.9 million in the quarter increased to $39.5 million from comparable 2017 levels, primarily reflecting higher net earnings and an increase from net changes in operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by cash proceeds from the 2017 treasury lock settlement. Net cash used by investing activities of $37.1 million, included net additions to finance receivables of $16.5 million, down from $53.2 million in the first quarter of 2017. Net cash used by investing activities also included capital expenditures of $18 million and $3 million from the acquisition of FASTORQ, which provides hydraulic torque and tensioning products for use in the critical industries. Net cash used by financing activities of $190.5 million included $450 million in senior note repayments. Dividend payments to shareholders of $46.5 million and the repurchase of 275,000 shares of common stock for $43.5 million under our existing share repurchase programs. As of March 31st, we have remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $372.8 million of common stock under existing authorizations. These amounts were partially offset for the February sale of the $400 million of 30-year senior notes. Turning to slide 13, trade and other accounts receivable increased $5.2 million from 2017 year end levels, due principally to $8.1 million of favorable foreign currency. Days sales outstanding of 66 days was consistent with 2017 year end. Inventories increased $40 million from 2017 year end, $20.9 million of which related to the recognition of an inventory asset associated with the adoption of ASU Topic 606 on revenue recognition. In addition, foreign currency translation contributed $9.5 million of the increase. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.1 compared to 3.2 at year end 2017. Our quarter end cash position of $97.5 million increased $5.5 million from 2017 year end levels. Our net debt to capital ratio increased to 24.4% from 27% at year-end 2017. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities. As of quarter end, we had $132 million of commercial pay per borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks Aldo. Well, let me sum up. Snap-On's first quarter, progress against headwinds, some areas not where we would like, but also some significant gains. Our traditional strength, hand tools growing contributing significantly with new products leading the way and software, with techs and vehicle repair shops continuing upward trend in the quarter. That combination help to overcome the headwinds and drives general progress. The Tools Group, down, but we're confident that we have the market, the products, and the team to move forward and upwards. C&I, critical industries, gains, overcoming period-to-period variations and SNA Europe continuing its long upward trend. RS&I, ongoing gains with independent repair shop owners and managers, overcoming the lumpiness of OEM -- of the OEM central programs with a 25.5% operating margin. It all added up to a quarter of continued growth and profitability, and we believe it points to abundant opportunities and confirms that Snap-On has the position and the capabilities, the product, and that market to continue its positive trend through the rest of 2018 and beyond. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly for a moment to our franchisees and associates. Our first quarter results, our positive trend of performance, and our significant opportunities going forward would not be possible without your extraordinary contributions. For your success in driving our progress, you have my congratulations. And for your continuing dedication to our team, you have my thanks. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And you will hear first from David Leiker of Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Hi, this is Joe Vruwink for David.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Hello Joe.
Joe Vruwink: I wanted to start with tools, so with finance receivable originations that 9% tools organic down less than 3%. Obviously, the implications at hand tools saw a really nice acceleration, particularly relative to what Q4 saw. I'm wondering what were the biggest differences between your execution in this Q1 quarter versus Q4.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, I think a couple of things. I think a couple of new products rolled out, our ratcheting wrench line expanded, there was a couple that I mentioned and some of the packaging that we had off -- the kick-off started to make sense to people and so you started -- people getting attracted to adding to their positions on hand tools. I think that's it. Generally, the compelling nature of the new hand tools was I think what drove this.
Joe Vruwink: And in the past, you have alluded to monitoring the POS off the van that giving you a sense of confidence that retail activity was pretty good, but your own sales into the channel were perhaps lagging retail activity. Where does that dynamic stand today? And I ask if new products are more compelling, does that potentially drive a restocking effect at some point this year?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. I think that's true. I think, look -- I think what we saw is that big ticket items read -- principally, the big ticket items are tool storage didn't sell as well. We still have some work to do in that regard. You faired that out, you see it in the originations, but there's sort of like smaller ticket items sold pretty well off the van and so that seems a reasonable trend in the current situation. What we have to do is solve the tool storage problematic and I think that has to do with data compelling nature of the product. I talked about the icon; we think that's one step towards that. The idea of the rock 'n' roll camp is another step in that regard. Tools Group just keeps trying to look at the situation and the solution is, as I said, programs and products. You've got the icon, you've got the new ratchets, you have the new ZEUS out there with moving and positioning as more towards software, which seems to work reasonably well. And we've got other new products being introduced as we speak right now.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. And if I can switch to RS&I. So, we're coming out of this pretty unique environment, where sales growth had been pretty consistent for five quarters. Obviously, this segment is a lot lumpier historically. Is the OEM facilitation business, would you say that's exclusively responsible for the deceleration in growth in Q1? And given your visibility on new model programs that are going to be launching in 2018, do you have any sense, Q2 is going to be better or expect some feature of the quarter to also exclude exhibit some deceleration?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, a couple of things. First of all, it's not exclusively the reason. We had some -- so if you looked that we have some a little bit more tepid sales of undercar equipment and that had something to do with the sell-through in the Tools Group. Some of that -- some of the lower end stuff sell-through in the Tools Group, you have some of that. But principally, I think that big driver was in that OEM business. Now, when we look forward, we have no reason to believe that the projects are tailing off. It's a matter of the calendarization of them and when they go in and out and which ones we capture. So, you kind of have a complex cocktail. I, on the other hand, hold to my longtime view of the world that we say we grow to 4% to 6% organically and RS&I is in the middle of that. And if you remember, for I think it's 2015 and 2016, RS&I grew at 4.6% and 4.7% each year. Last year, they happen to grow at 7.4%, but we kept saying, it's in the middle of that 4% to 6% range over the long-term. We still feel that way.
Joe Vruwink: And then last question. There's a lot of focus right now on competitive dynamics and diagnostics and how ZEUS is faring and how Snap-On more broadly is faring. You talked about really strong growth in software, both for the Tools Group and RS&I. Can you bracket that? Is that mid-single, high single, double-digit? Just an update on your diagnostic growth and what you're seeing there?
Nicholas Pinchuk: If you're talking about me bracketing or dimensioning the software growth, I talked about -- I think saying it's up significantly is reasonable. I don't want to get reporting on another segment myself, but I think that's very positive. I think, look -- I think -- I can tell you this; ZEUS sold better than its predecessor significantly. So, I think we're very positive about that and one of the things right now we're introducing what we call the Apollo, which adds smart data to smart scans, smart data to the midrange line. So, that's rolling out as we speak. See the Tools Group is not taking this -- looking at this situation very without urgency and focus. So, one of the things that we're doing is we're doubling down on that idea and rolling out in the mid-tier. I feel pretty positive about this. And early return say it's going to be a strong product.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from David MacGregor of Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning everyone.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Good morning.
David MacGregor: Nick, just talk a little more about the tools segments and just, I guess, you talked about normalized growth in 4% to 6%, I think the tool segment is typically thought of kind of a 4% in that range -- at the lower end of that range. And notwithstanding, it sounds like you've got some new wrenches, you've got some new products out there that you're -- it sounds like you're pinning your expectations for a recovery in growth performance around new products, but--
Nicholas Pinchuk: I wouldn't necessarily use the word pinning. That sounds like that's the only thing we're doing.
David MacGregor: I guess I wanted to get at that because--
Nicholas Pinchuk: I didn’t say that. No, I don't mean. Look, we're doing a lot of other things. Rock 'n' roll camp, a new catalog, a number of different programs, better training for our franchisees. So, we're doing other things.
David MacGregor: Right. So, maybe -- you did get on a few of these things, for instance, the franchisee transition to larger vans. How did that contribute to your first quarter segment growth, let's start with that?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I think that's hard to the measure because it's complex cocktail of things. You've got the rollout of the 20-foot vans and then there's a kind of I think burn-in what we're finding about these vans, they come out, they get to 20-foot vans, it gives them more inventory. But the guys figure out -- in other words, more retail space. But the guys had to figure out how to wield it in their particular route. So, it takes a little while for that to become pretty effective. So, when you overlay that, it's hard to really quantify that. But we feel, we feel -- I think I've said this many times on these calls that our performance is proportional to -- in some ways, proportional to the freeing more time of the franchisee and to -- which is some of the programs were doing, and adding more retail space. So, that's one of the things for the long-term. It's one of things where we feel okay and confident about the position that we're in.
David MacGregor: All right. Storage, how bad was it, can you say?
Nicholas Pinchuk: It was double-digits, upper double-digits. So, it wasn't -- it was a quarter, which is sort of like what we've seen, down. So, we haven't solved the tool storage problem. Now, these things -- when you start to look -- David, when you start to look quarter-to-quarter, you look at every quarter and you start to look at the numbers, you can get balled up in these things. Some of it types of focus. You launch ZEUS, people focus on that. They may not sell other things, but it's clear that tool storage is not where we would like it and it wasn't where we would like it this quarter again.
David MacGregor: As the rock 'n' roll camp refresh influenced organic growth here at all?
Nicholas Pinchuk: It's still too early to tell. It's been rolled out in the fourth quarter and we still -- we're still working on the configurator, which was a big part of the refurbishment, the 3D configurator with a little bit more activity. So, it's hard to say that right now, but we believe, based on the receptions I heard, I talked to more than a dozen franchisees, they're pretty positive about it. So, we'll see. These are one of these things -- it's kind of an art. We think we've got to the right mix, but we'll see.
David MacGregor: And you noted diagnostics were positive contributor to the RS&I growth, but what did they contribute to tools segment growth number? Is it positively or negatively?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, the Tools Group, the Tools Group, ZEUS was strong in terms of sales. But overall, the diagnostics business was down because of focus on the Tools Group. So, the other products, the mid-tier and the sort of like MODIS, which is between mid-tier and high tier were down and so that offset had a kind of downward push on the diagnostics number. If you look at it off the van, they were kind of off the van, the diagnostics sales were sort of flattish year-over-year and that is against the thermal imager of last year. So, I think the franchisees are looking at it as pretty good sales. Now, of course, the ZEUS is focused on a certain population, the Senior, Senior Tech and the shop owner. So, it's a select group of people you're selling too.
David MacGregor: Okay. Last question for me and that is just you've talked about regaining back to a 4% growth rate, I guess, is a long-term normalized number for tools. Kind of six consecutive quarters now below that. What's the time expectation before we can get back to a 4%?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't have time concept on that. All I can tell you is, boy, I'm impressed with the product we're rolling out. You would be too if you set where I am. that's all I can say.
David MacGregor: Thanks. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from Liam Burke of B. Riley FBR.
Liam Burke: Yes, thank you. Good morning Nick, good morning Aldo.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Good morning Liam.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning.
Liam Burke: Nick, you had a strong finish in 2017 in C&I across the Board, both on critical industries and geography. This quarter, Europe looks strong. How did Asia-Pacific do? And could you give us some sense on longer term, how some of the other underperforming critical industries will go?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, I think it's -- I sort of think it's like this. Asia-Pacific -- Southeast Asia is kind of weak, but we're -- we were encouraged, so we had some down drafts in places like Indonesia and Thailand, which created some offset. But India, Japan, China, up nicely. So, Asia-Pacific I think, if you look at the total, you're kind of encouraged by that. If you look at critical industries and you look at the down -- aviation was off, but we view it as period-to-period. If you step back and you look -- and you look at the six months associated with our critical industries across all the segments, you're approaching double-digits. So, it's a matter of variation when the projects fall from quarter-to-quarter in various segments. So, that business is a little bit lumpy. Remember that C&I grew -- what are the growth? 10.1% organically in the quarter last quarter. So, we see a little bit of lumpiness flowing through there. We don't see anything -- I don't read anything into the little bit lower growth in the C&I this quarter.
Liam Burke: Okay, great. And you did highlight power tools sales into -- from -- into the Snap-On Tool Group channel. Do you think the new product introductions will help stem that decline or was it factor -- was it at a competitive factor or?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No. Look I think there's always competitive factors in power tools. It's a very competitive sector. I think simply, that is -- Tools Group, they launched a couple of great products last year. Tools Group stacked up with those products. There's a little bit less -- the demand was kind of -- they're adjusting for the demand. So, basically, they didn't have new product this quarter. Therefore, they ordered less out of the tools -- out of the C&I group. It wasn't really indicative or directly associated with the sales of them to the van or the van to the end-user. So, basically, it was adjustment of new products. As they roll out new products, that's going to change.
Liam Burke: Okay. And Aldo, cash flow was very strong for the quarter. Does this change any of your allocation view? I mean, obviously, acquisitions, as I come along make sense, but how do you look at balancing the rest of the cash allocation?
Aldo Pagliari: Liam, it was a good quarter for cash flow and I think our fundamental mission of supporting organic growth and looking selectively at M&A remains at the top of that choice. But looking at dividends and share repurchase opportunistically remains on the radar screen and the more cash, obviously, the more opportunities to do things like that.
Liam Burke: Great. Thanks Nick, thanks Aldo.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks Liam.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Gary Prestopino of Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: Hey good morning everyone.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Gary.
Gary Prestopino: Hey, Nick, a couple of quarters here you've talked about just the software part of your business getting a lot of traction. I guess what I'd like to know is -- has something changed on a secular basis in terms of the needs for the software. Or is this just something that Snap-On is starting to emphasize more and rolling out new products in conjunction with the software, the ability that you have on the software side?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't think there's any -- I don't think with regard to the market, there's a singularity. There is a nice tailwind, as I said many times, having technicians -- more and more technicians to require more and more diagnostics to be able to do repair effectively. You've heard me say 40% of them have diagnostics now. They're moving where they're all going to need them. And the cars are getting even more complicated so that those diagnostics have to be even more sophisticated. And I guess if there's anything -- any change here, it's the fact that we discovered the power of big data and we are deploying it. So, we've had SureTrack, the idea of the $1 billion records of real repair fixes and now we have the $100 billion snapshots of associated with the smart data. And so those things in the ZEUS, first in the ZEUS and now and what we're rolling out today, the Apollo, really worked pretty well, I think, and have made our diagnostics even more ascendant, and that's worked pretty well. And the other thing is as you look at our focus on the three-year data pack associated with ZEUS, that's an intent to try to have our franchisees spend more time selling software. That's what they're doing.
Gary Prestopino: So, when you sell ZEUS or one of your truck guys sells ZEUS, is that software sale recorded in tools or is that recorded in RS&I?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, it's recorded in tools, but remember that the three-year package is sold by the franchisees and then we record it on an amortized basis over the 36 months. So, we don't get it as an immediate pop. It's kind of different for us. So, we [Indiscernible] the revenue back. Right.
Gary Prestopino: Right. Okay. Could you -- I know somebody mentioned -- asked the question about bracketing, but could you maybe just give us an idea of just as a percentage of all your sales, where this -- where your total software sales are now?
Nicholas Pinchuk: You can think of it this way. Software sales are about one-third of the RS&I business. I think that's a good dimension for it. And most of the software flows through RS&I and some of it to other divisions, other segments.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thanks. Thank you.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Scott Stember of C.L. King.
Scott Stember: Good morning guys.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Good morning.
Scott Stember: Nick, just talking about the Tool Group. I know you don't want to pin a time when you would see things turning around or turning back to positive, but taking a look, I mean obviously the comparisons beginning in the second quarter start to get a lot easier. And with some of the new products out and with the Tools doing better, maybe just talk how you feel about that as you head into the back half of the year when you're going up against easier comparisons?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I never like to talk about comparisons. I always like to look at the quarter itself, that's more or less -- we look at the absolute value and profitability created by the thing, not necessarily compared on a year-over-year basis, that's more for this kind of -- we certainly like to improve. We hold ourselves to a standard to improve, but really, we focus on the creating of value, more value each time. I don't know, look, obviously, arithmetically, weaker comparisons make it likely that you're going to see growth. I mean that's certainly true. I feel confident that the Tools Group, like I said, has the products and the team and the market to go forward. I don't know about the time constant. That's all. There are a lot of variables in this kind of thing. And so I think, as myself, I think I feel increasingly better about the situation, but I don't know when all these advancements are going to take -- get traction.
Scott Stember: Got it. But from a longer term picture, just to reemphasize that you still believe that this is a 4% to 6% grower this segment over the long haul.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Absolutely.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then just turning back over to the intercompany impact from tools on C&I. Can you maybe frame out how much that took out of the C&I's growth, organic growth maybe just try to give us the true organic number is for the -- just for the true C&I end markets.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, you can kind of see that in the intercompany sales I think in C&I. But look, I think I don't want to get down into that kind of detail out in this call. Look, all I can say is the reduction of sales to power tools group had an impact on the overall C&I Group that might've been a couple of basis points or something like that, a couple of hundred basis points, right? Sorry.
Scott Stember: Got it. And just last question on tariffs, obviously, you guys used a lot of steel in the like maybe just talk about where your steel comes from and maybe...
Nicholas Pinchuk: Comes from the U.S.
Scott Stember: From the U.S., okay. And maybe just talk about what -- in the event that there are broad steel increases across the Board, what the game plan would be?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, look I think we source our steel from the U.S. We don't -- we source maybe what, $80 million worth of steel, it's mostly from the U.S. It's all from the U.S. Generally, U.S. prices have risen in the last, what, couple of years, 30% I think end-to-end in anticipation of some kind of action around this. So, I don't know what the tariffs will have -- what effect that tariffs will have in the long-term, may be no effect on U.S. steel, may be some slight effect. But we generally think we can price for visible inflation and I think we've demonstrated that over time. The other facts of any kind of over tariffs and so on, generally, we're making the markets, in which we sell in terms of finished goods, sometimes we're importing components, but if those components get tariffs on them, we'll just source someplace else.
Scott Stember: Got it. That's all I have. Thanks for taking my questions.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: And our last question comes from Bret Jordan of Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning guys.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: Hey, could you talk about the market in general sort of from a competitive landscape? I guess looking at your sales growth versus underlying market may be market share trends, are you seeing either increased competition at the service level for Mack [ph] or Matco? Or the import diagnostic guys like Launch or Autel pushing harder? Or is it just the market itself relatively sluggish?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I have pondered this question for some time. We grew substantially, I guess, 2010 to 2011, same-store sales. The market itself grew pretty well. So, we don't necessarily focus on in market share or anything like that. And -- but recently, you look at some of the other people announcing good results, well, we have had not where we would like. But when I asked the franchisees, Bret, they say I'm not feeling pressure. So, what's ever happening in our space is not being induced by other people. Their view is, if I'm not selling, it's not because I'm being aced out by somebody else's product. Now, I suppose there's exceptions to that, of course. Somebody could have a better power tool or a better compressor or something like that or for a particular application, maybe. But in general, we don't hear that and I just talked to -- like I said, within the last week, I've talked to more than a dozen guys and I ask them that question and they all said things like that. Now, the competition are smart guys and I'm sure they are prospering, but our franchisees are not talking about or asking about it.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then a housekeeping, what's the price point on Apollo? And Aldo, if you can break at the inventor again, what was 606, what was acquisitions, and what was core inventory year-over-year?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, sure. With respect to the inventory, you had a $20.9 million adjustment just related to the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard 606. And if you look at the effects of currency in the quarter that was $9.5 million and a nominal effect that was less than $1 million related to acquisitions. So, that would leave you with an operating variance or growth in inventory of about $9.5 million.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And what's the price point on Apollo?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, I tell you what, I really meant it when I said we're rolling it out as we speak. So, I don't necessarily -- I'm afraid of giving stealing the thunder of my guys, but I will tell you this is its predecessor was list priced about $4,500. Of course, the street price has some lower number from that and this will be a premium over that.
Bret Jordan: So, this sells against MODIS or--?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, SOLUS.
Bret Jordan: SOLUS, okay. Thank you.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure.
Bret Jordan: Great. Thanks guys.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thank you.
Operator: And with no other questions, I will now turn the conference back to Leslie Kratcoski for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, again, everyone for joining us today. A replay will be available shortly on snapon.com. And as always, we thank you for your interest in the company. Good day.
Operator: Again, that does include a call. We would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-On, Inc. Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc. Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.
Analysts: Liam Burke - B. Riley FBR, Inc. David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2017 Fourth Quarter and Full-year Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski with Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks, Tony, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's fourth quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussions. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investor Information. These slides will be archived on our website, along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release and conference call slide deck, which can be found on our website. With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everyone. I'll start with the highlights of our fourth quarter and our year and I'll give you my perspective on the results, on the market environment and on progress we've made. After that Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. This is not a typical quarter. There are a number of special non-recurring events that impacted result, the legal charge, and the transition associated with the new tax law. But when you look through all that, Snap-on again showed overall and significant progress along our runways, achieving both growth and profitability. As with most quarters, we had headwinds and we had opportunities. We took advantage of the opportunities and we overcame the headwinds. Overall sales in the quarter were $974.6 million, 9.5% higher than last year, strong. That total included $29.7 million of acquisition-related volume from last year's Car-O-Liner and Sturtevant Richmont operations and this year's BTC and Norbar businesses, and $16.2 million of favorable foreign currency. Our organic growth was 4.3% relatively encouraging with varied results across the groups. Let's start by looking at the non-recurring events. First, the one-time legal charge. A judgment in a pat-related litigation matter that is being appealed. It impacted operating income by $30.9 million and the earnings per share by $0.33. Second, a $7 million or $0.12 EPS charge associated with the implementation in the new U.S. tax legislation. Excluding the legal charge, OpCo operating margin was 19.4% of sales, down 40 basis points, reflecting primarily a 30 basis point dilution from lower margin acquisitions and the impact of favorable foreign currency. For Financial Services, operating income of $54.4 million compared to last year's $51.6 million. As-reported, the EPS was $2.29, but excluding the legal charge and the impact of the tax legislation, earnings per share as-adjusted grew to $2.69, that's an increase of 8.9%. That's our result. And our market, what we believe the automotive repair segments continue to remain favorable, although, we again saw mixed results in that arena, new technologies, aging vehicles, requiring innovative tools and specialized equipment and updated diagnostics and more repairs continue to make that a favorable place to be. As I said though, we had mixed outcomes. Our Tools Group was below trend and in the U.S., looking similar to what we saw in the third quarter, unsatisfying. However, the Repair Systems & Information or RS&I Group continued its considerable advancement serving repair shop owners and managers. From an overview level, we believe the ongoing progress of RS&I, taken together with what we know would be the strong fundamentals clearly indicate that there's ongoing and abundant opportunity available in the segment. Now if you look to Commercial & Industrial – now our Commercial & Industrial, or C&I Group, it had one of its strongest quarters. Organic sales were up nicely across almost all industries and geographies, including Europe and Asia. Performances in the period from our critical industries focused business with the Industrial Division and SNA Europe, both experiencing strong double-digit growth, were especially encouraging. Within Industrial, an area that's on an upward trend, nearly all segments generated double-digit growth with natural resources, military and general industry leading the way. And SNA Europe's volume in the period was similarly positive again, reflecting gains across almost all geographies. So across the corporation, I'd characterize our markets as mixed, but on the whole, clearly positive. With overall strength in automotive repair, notwithstanding the outcome of our Tools Group and continuing strength in the critical industries and gains across geographies, despite the challenges of the quarter and headwinds will always exist. We remain confident that our businesses are well-positioned to capitalize on the possibilities, on the opportunities that do exist along our runways for growth. And looking ahead, we also see clear runways for improvement. We said this many times. Snap-on Value Creation Processes, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and Rapid Continuous Improvement or RCI driving, ongoing and significant advancements as they have for some time. Now for the full-year, sales of $3.69 billion represented an as-reported increase of 7.5%. The organic volume gain was 3.4%, with the RS&I Group up 7.6%, the C&I Group rising 4.5%, and the Tools Group roughly flat. As-reported EPS for the year was $9.52, but excluding the legal matters and the impact of the tax legislation, earnings per share as-adjusted reached $10.12, that's an increase of 10%. OpCo OI percent as-adjusted was 19.3%, up 20 basis points, overcoming 50 basis points dilutive impact from acquisition and a decrease of 20 basis points associated with unfavorable currency. And when we include the income from Financial Services of $217.5 million, which rose $18.8 million, the consolidated operating margin for the corporation as-adjusted was 23.2%, up a similar 20 basis points, the quarter and the year, sales gains and profit increases, taking advantage of opportunities on our runways for growth and driving down our runways for improvement. Now, let's move to the individual operating groups and their fourth quarter results. The Tools Group. Organic sales down 3% and operating earnings of $67.3 million, representing a margin rate of 16.4%, down 120 basis points. We do believe our actions to reinvigorate the van channel sales will be effective, but they didn't create improvement in the fourth quarter. In the quarter and throughout the year, however, the Tools Group did confirm the strength and the market-leading position of its van network. It wasn't evident in the recent financials, but it was clear in the franchisee health metrics we monitor each period. The franchisees are strong and the turnover is low and that positivity was once again acknowledged by multiple publications, listing Snap-on as a franchise of choice. And just this past quarter, Snap-on was ranked among the top franchise organizations, both in the U.S. and abroad. We were again recognized by Franchise Business Review, which collects franchisee's satisfaction data. And in its latest ranking, lists as Snap-on as a Top 50 franchise, marking the 11th consecutive year we received that award based on satisfaction. We were also once again recognized by the Military Times, which includes Snap-on on its Best for Vets annual ranking, coming in at number five for the second year in a row and the only mobile tool franchise on the entire list. And abroad, Snap-on was ranked number two in the Elite Franchise magazine's Top UK franchises for 2018, finishing above many UK-only franchises and ahead of some very popular global brands. Now this type of recognition reflects the fundamental strength of the franchisees in our van business and it would not have been achieved without a continuous stream of innovative new products. And in 2017, once again, the Tools Group increased its number of hit products, those $1 million sellers developed from direct observations gained in the field that I think you've become familiar with. Tool Storage sales were still a shortfall in the quarter, but we're taking action. You heard me speak of migrating some premium options like the PowerDrawer, the speed organizer into our lower ranges, we're doing that. We're introducing new features and new themes. We're retooling the Rock N' Roll vans and we'll be expanding our line with a model that offers attractive capacity in a compact footprint, some high-end features at a price that's affordable to young technicians. A unit aimed at making them Snap-on customers for life and contributing to a restart for the Tools Group. And just in December, probably too late to affect the fourth quarter, we introduced our new series of 12-point high-performance ratcheting box wrenches, whole form gears, proprietary steel for durability, extended handle for leverage, 8-tooth pole to minimize the swing arc, another unique tool reducing technician job time, particularly in difficult and critical situations. The Tools Group may be below trends, but we keep building its strength with new product and network vitality, well that's the Tools Group. Now let's move to RS&I. Volume in the fourth quarter was $356.8 million, with an organic rise of 6.2%. Double-digit sales gains in the OEM dealerships and low single-digit increases in diagnostics and repair information products. Operating earnings of $89.8 million, increased $7.3 million for an OI margin of 25.2%, down 60 basis points from last year, but with a 50 basis point decline from lower margin acquisitions and negative currency effects. Once again, we saw some compelling products, giving us more to sell to those repair shop owners and managers, offerings like the NEXIQ Blue-Link Mini, our electronic logging device. It won a Professional Tool and Equipment Innovation of the Year Award at the SEMA show in Las Vegas. The Blue-Link Mini logs driver hours, vehicle movement, engine hours, vehicle performance data like, and vehicle performance data like speed and miles per gallon. All of that allows heavy-duty customers to meet the electronic data logging regulation that took effect in December. And it appears to be a winning product with great customer reception. We saw that. Our diagnostics and repair information businesses were also led by new products. We mentioned last quarter, the launch of our game-changing handheld intelligent diagnostics, the ZEUS. Well, it's selling well. Hardware and software subscriptions, yes, subscriptions, a new focus for one of our introductions. A great unit raising the bar in advanced repair, and helping to offset the difficult comparison of last year's fourth quarter, both in the launch of the MODIS Edge handheld and our very popular Thermal Imager in that category. RS&I also advanced in its position in the repair information space, the Mitchell 1 business, enhancing our ProDemand software by adding a new user interface. It takes repair information to a whole new level of intelligence with advanced search technology that scans the vast Mitchell 1 database and returns exactly the specific information the technician needs for that particular job. OEM data and Snap-on's proprietary SureTrack real-world data, real-world information is now more tightly integrated and the new interface amplifies the power of that combination. It makes the technician's diagnosis job easier, quicker and more accurate. Finally in the period, RS&I's equipment division introduced the new V2100 imaging wheel aligner. It's targeted squarely at meeting the needs of independent shops that work on a multiple brands of vehicles and perform a variety of repair services. Those shops typically can't have a dedicated alignment guy. They just don't do that many alignments. What they do need is an ease-of-use mid-tier unit. Different vehicle brands have varying alignment procedures. It's a major challenge for a general tech. Well, the V2100 is the right unit within an intuitive interface that will guide through the multiple approaches to align with clarity. For a general tech, it reduces alignment time by 30%, a great saving and a nice boost to our equipment lineup. We keep driving to expand RS&I's position with the repair shop owners and managers, offering new products to sell, developed by our customer connection and innovation processes or added by our strategic and coherent acquisitions. And you can see it in the numbers. Now, on to C&I. Sales increased in the period 19.4% from 2016, helped by – I want to say that again – sales increased in the period 19.4% from 2016, helped by $19.1 million in acquisition-related volume and $6.8 million of favorable currency. Organic sales were up 10.1%, among the highest we've ever seen at C&I. That year record increase reflects improvements from almost every operating division, including gains by Industrial, SNA Europe, Power Tools and the Asia-Pacific division. The group's operating income was $50.9 million. That's up from the $43.9 million reported last year. Operating income margin was 14.9%, down 40 basis points, but reflecting a 50 basis point impact from the acquisitions, dilutive acquisitions, and another 50 basis point decline from unfavorable currency. In fact, those impacts notwithstanding, 14.9% is among the highest margins we've seen for the group in the last several years, last four years or so. In effect, C&I had one of its strongest quarters. Reassuringly, SNA Europe again posted increased organic sales, up double-digits, continuing its progress, now 17 quarters in a row of year-over-year growth and profit climbed right along, up 19 straight quarters. 19 quarters in a row of profitability improvement, reflecting Snap-on Value Creation at work with innovative new products and improved new processes, driving positive trends and some pretty challenging geographies. Also in C&I, our Industrial division made encouraging strides. As I mentioned before, strong double-digit growth, driven in part by our strong double-digit growth for our Industrial division, driven in part by a widening array of new products. Having been up and down in recent periods, aerospace showed good progress in the quarter, rising worldwide. First time in a while, we vision both in domestic and international on a boost from customer connection, authoring products like our new cordless grease gun kit. Many planes have service requirements, which prohibit them from using this industry standard units with customer connection Snap-on developed a new gun, which limits the grease delivery pressure, matching a special aircraft requirements. And based on further customer connection, we also added improvements like an extended length pressure hose, giving technicians that added reach to reach and service landing gear and a clear grease cartridge tube, allowing users to quickly identify the type of material in the gun. Now these are, seem like simple improvements and they are, but they're quite effective in making critical work easier in special aerospace situations. Just like in the Industrial division, SNA Europe has also been using customer connection and innovation to drive its continuing expansion. For example, in the critical power generation industry in Europe, with a significant amount of oil in Northern Europe being pumped from offshore, there was opportunity for a special tool kit for servicing the individual ocean rigs. Customer connection, observing the environment and tasks led to the development of what we're calling the pump-man tool kit, combining bottles tools at height with safe when you use them at height with the safety suspenders and with our large array of – combining those tools at height with a large array of our non-sparking tools, eliminating fire hazards and addressing the service and safety needs for the critical oil rig environment. The specialized kits – these specialized pump-man kits were released just this year, but based on early receptions, we believe will be a big driver for our expansion in the oil and gas industry and a great help in continuing SNA Europe's upward trajectory. Power Tools division returned to growth in the quarter and new product paved the way. One winner was our new CDRR761, a 14.4 volt, 3/8 inches, MicroLithium right-angle drill, lightweight, provides up to 150-inch pounds of torque, offers two-speed ranges at a variable speed switch. It's great for driving screws with control. It was launched to help technicians get into small tight spaces under – like under the dash and on the firewall and it has an integrated LED light to illuminate that dark work. It was introduced in the fourth quarter and it's already $1 million seller, one of our hit products that drive growth. Well, that's our fourth quarter. OpCo organic sales rising 4.3%. Progress along our runways for coherent growth and advancements down our runways for improvement, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and Rapid Continuous Improvement. Tools Group, working on regaining growth. RS&I continuing its considerable strength and C&I starting to show its potential with much more to go. All of it driving a 19.4% adjusted operating margin, despite the dilutive acquisition and an as-adjusted EPS of $2.69, up 8.9%. That's our fourth quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on slide 6. Net sales of $974.6 million in the quarter increased 9.5%, reflecting a 4.3% organic sales gains, $29.7 million of acquisition-related sales and $16.2 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The year-over-year organic sales growth, which was the highest level achieved of any quarter in 2017, reflects ongoing progress in serving repair shop owners and managers in the vehicle repair sector as well as broad-based growth in the businesses that comprise the Commercial & Industrial segment. Consolidated gross margin of 47.7% declined 220 basis points, primarily due to higher sales of lower gross margin products, 60 basis points of lower gross margins on an acquisition-related sales and 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency. The operating expense margin of 31.5% increased 140 basis points as 320 basis points related to the legal charge that, as Nick has mentioned, is being appealed. These were partially offset by benefits from sales volume leverage and a 40 basis point benefit from operating expenses for acquisitions. Operating earnings before Financial Services of $157.7 million or 16.2% of sales, includes the legal charge and compares to $176.1 million or 19.8% of sales in the prior year. Excluding the legal charge, operating earnings before Financial Services, as-adjusted was $188.6 million or 19.4% of sales. Financial Services revenue of $79.9 million and operating earnings of $54.4 million increased $5.7 million and $2.8 million, respectively from 2016. Consolidated operating earnings of $212.1 million or 20.1% of revenues compared to $227.7 million or 23.6% of revenues a year ago. Excluding the legal charge, consolidated operating earnings as-adjusted was $243.0 million or 23.0% of revenues. Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate of 33.0% was reduced by 120 basis points as a result of the legal charge, but increased by 360 basis points as a result of a $7 million charge related to the implementation of the new tax legislation in the United States. This tax charge includes an estimated transition tax, an unremitted foreign earnings of $13.7 million, partially offset by an estimated tax benefit related to the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities of $6.7 million. Excluding both the legal and tax charges, the effective tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2017 as-adjusted was 30.6% as compared to 30.8% in Q4 of 2016. Finally, net earnings of $129.5 million or $2.24 per diluted share compared to $146.3 million or $2.47 per share a year ago. Excluding the legal charge and tax charge, net earnings as-adjusted was $155.6 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.69, represented an increase of 8.9%. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the C&I Group on slide 7. Sales of $341.7 million in the quarter increased 19.4%, reflecting a 10.1% organic sales gain, $19.1 million of acquisition-related sales and $6.8 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase includes double-digit gains in sales to customers in critical industries and in European-based hand tools business as well as low single-digit gains in both the segments Power Tools and Asia-Pacific operations. The gains in critical industries were positive across the board, including strong growth in international aviation and the military, two areas, which were weaker earlier in the year. Gross margin of 39.2% declined 110 basis points from 40.3% a year ago due to higher sales of lower gross margin products and 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. The operating expense margin of 24.3% improved 70 basis points, primarily due to the benefits of sales volume leverage, partially offset by 50 basis points of operating expenses related to our acquisitions. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $50.9 million increased 15.9% and the operating margin of 14.9% compared to 15.3% a year ago, including the 100 basis point impact from currency and acquisitions mentioned above. Turning now to slide 8. Sales in the Tools Group of $409.2 million decreased 2%, reflecting a 3% organic sales decline, partially offset by $4.3 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales decrease includes a mid-single digit decline in the U.S., which was only partially offset by a mid-single digit sales gain internationally. Gross margin of 41.4% decreased 60 basis points year-over-year due to the lower volume in related cost. The operating expense margin of 25% increased 60 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to the effect of the lower sales. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $67.3 million, decreased 8.4% and the operating margin of 16.4% compared to 17.6% in 2016. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on slide 9. Sales of $356.8 million increased 11.6%, reflecting a 6.2% organic sales gain, $10.6 million of acquisition-related sales and $6.2 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase reflected a double-digit gain in sales to OEM dealerships and a low single-digit increase in sales of diagnostic and repair information products. Gross margin of 45.4% declined 240 basis points as a 110 basis point impact from acquisitions, higher sales of lower gross margin products and 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency were partially offset by savings from RCI initiatives. The operating expense margin of 20.2% improved 180 basis points due to the higher sales volume and 80 basis points of benefits from acquisitions, partially offset by 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $89.8 million increased 8.8% from prior year levels. The operating margin of 25.2% compared to 25.8% last year, including a 30 basis point impact from acquisitions. Now turning to slide 10. Operating earnings from Financial Services of $54.4 million on revenue of $79.9 million compared to operating earnings of $51.6 million on revenue of $74.2 million a year ago. Financial Services expenses of $25.5 million increased $2.9 million, primarily due to a $2.4 million year-over-year increase in provisions for losses on finance receivables, which totaled $16.0 million in the quarter. This is up $3.2 million sequentially from $12.8 million in the third quarter of 2017 and compares to third to fourth quarter sequential increase in the prior year of $2.8 million. As a percentage of the average portfolio, Financial Services expenses were 1.3% in both the fourth quarters of 2017 and 2016. In the fourth quarter, the average yield on finance receivables was 17.8% in 2017, compared to 18.2% in 2016 due in part to the portfolio mix as well as higher percentage of originations utilizing marketing rebates in 2017. Respective average yield on contract receivables was 9.2% and 9.3%. Total loan originations of $265 million in the fourth quarter increased $4.7 million or 1.8% year-over-year. As higher originations of contract receivables principally franchise finance were partially offset by a decline in finance receivable originations due to the lower year-over-year sales of big-ticket items in the U.S. by the Snap-on Tools Group. Moving to slide 11. Our quarter-end balance sheet includes approximately $2 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.74 billion from our U.S. operation. Our worldwide gross Financial Services portfolio grew $28.1 million or 1.4% in the fourth quarter. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, they are, as expected, tracking higher year-over-year, similar to what we've seen over the last several quarters and also reflecting typical seasonal increases. We believe these, trends however, continue to support our view over an appropriate risk reward balance in this segment of our business. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, the largest portion of the portfolio, trailing 12- month losses of $46.7 million, represented 2.92% of outstandings at quarter-end, up 61 basis points year-over-year and 15 basis points sequentially. The 60-plus day delinquency rate of 1.9% for U.S. extended credit increased 20 basis points sequentially typical of the seasonal increase from the third quarter to fourth quarter. Overall, operating earnings in the Financial Services segment rose 5.4% year-over-year. Their allowance for doubtful accounts reflects the above-mentioned trends in the portfolio's performance. Now turning to slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $193.5 million in the quarter increased $41.8 million from comparable 2016 levels, due primarily to lower discretionary pension contributions and cash paid for income taxes in 2017. Net cash used by investing activities of $59.0 million included net additions to finance receivables of $38.2 million, down from $53.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. Capital expenditures of $24.7 million in the quarter compared with $17.7 million last year. Net cash used by financing activities of $136.6 million included dividend payments to shareholders of $46.4 million and the repurchase of 472,000 shares of common stock for $75.3 million under our existing share repurchase programs. Full-year 2017 share repurchases totaled 1.82 million shares for $287.9 million. Turning to slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $76.8 million from 2016 year-end levels, primarily due to higher sales, $21.7 million of foreign currency translation and $9.5 million from acquisitions. Days sales outstanding of 66 days was up from 63 days a year ago, but down from 67 days at the end of the third quarter. Inventories increased $108.3 million from 2016 year-end, primarily to support increased customer demand in certain segments and new product introductions. Foreign currency translation and acquisitions contributed $23.9 million and $5.7 million of the increase, respectively. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.2 compared to 3.3 at year-end 2016. Inventories decreased approximately $11 million from the end of the third quarter. Our year-end cash position of $92 million increased $14.4 million from 2016 year-end levels. Our net debt to capital ratio increased to 27.0% from 26.3% year-over-year. In addition to cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities. As of quarter-end, we had $151 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2018. We anticipate that capital expenditures will be in the range of $90 million to $100 million. As a result of the recently enacted tax legislation in the United States, we currently anticipate that our full-year 2018 effective income tax rate will be in a range of 24% to 25%. This compares to a full-year 2017 effective tax rate on a reported and on an adjusted basis of 31.1% and 30.6%, respectively. I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks, Aldo. Well, I started by saying that we were encouraged but unsatisfied in the quarter and we were. The Tools Group remain below trend, not yet recovering, but we continue to have confidence in the market and in our inherent strengths. We do have a strong franchise network. The turnover and our franchisee health metrics say so. And we are investing in new products and support to restart the growth engine. You can see it in the ZEUS, revolutionizing vehicle diagnostics and moving us further into subscription-based software. But despite the Tools Group challenges, we overcame again. Organic sales growth was 4.3% and the as-reported number was 9.5%. The RS&I Group and the C&I Group both had strong quarters. RS&I as-reported growth, 11.6% organic and inorganic gain of 6.2% and OI margin 25.2%, a significant contribution to our performance. C&I had a near-record quarter, rolling the Snap-on brand out of the garage with success. As-reported sales of 19.4% and an organic increase at 10.1%, OI margin of 14.9% among the group's highest. The results in the quarter I think clearly demonstrate that our coherent runways for growth, expanding with repair shop owners and managers and extending to critical industries are wide with abundant opportunities, and we're confident we have the strength and the position all along our runways for further growth – all along our runways. We have the strength and position for further growth and more improvement amplified by the new tax rates to maintain our positive performance trajectory as we move through 2018 and beyond. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly to our franchisees and associates. The performance of our fourth quarter and of the year and our clear opportunities going forward would not be possible without your extraordinary contributions. For your ongoing achievements, you have my congratulations, and for your continuing dedication and commitment to our team, you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We'll go first to Liam Burke with B. Riley FBR.
Liam Burke - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Yes, thank you. Good morning, Nick. Good morning, Aldo.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Hey, Liam.
Liam Burke - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Nick, in the core Snap-on Tools Group, you highlighted the fact that storage sales were down again. But how did the core hand tool business fare this quarter on the year-over-year basis?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Well, the hand tool business was I think improved from the fourth quarter, but it's still down some. And we're still suffering I think the results of maybe the less than overwhelming offerings, coming out of the SFC. So, we're seeing an improvement, but not where we want it to be. The big factor, the good news in the quarter I think is associated with the ZEUS, the effect of the ZEUS and its sale off the vans, which is very encouraging for us. That's the silver lining in the quarter, I think. But in general, we still got to keep working on the Tools Group, new product, new support.
Liam Burke - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Okay. And on a free cash flow basis, Aldo, you're up about 35%. Does that change your capital allocation outlook? You went through a good part of your buyback authorization. Does that become an increasing part of your capital allocation strategy?
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: Certainly. The share repurchase is part of our allocation strategy, but I think our priorities remain the same, Liam. We have good access to capital markets, the new tax action provide more cash generation opportunities, but serving organic sales and then M&A opportunities still becomes the two most important items on the list, but certainly share repurchase, dividend strategy, pension contributions factor into that decision as well.
Liam Burke - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Thank you, Nick. Thank you, Aldo.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks, Liam.
Operator: Next is David MacGregor at Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. Good morning. Do you hear me okay?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Yeah.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: Yeah.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Great. A couple of questions. First of all, just on the C&I, pretty remarkable organic growth. It's nice to see you follow – sort of firing on all the cylinders. I guess the question is just how sustainable is it? And just talk about – I know you don't provide quantitative outlook and guidance on your head, but if you could just talk about how sustainable that organic growth might be, given the strength you're seeing in critical industries and European hand tools?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Look, I think you can look at it this way. I believe that SNA Europe was up double-digits and you might not say double-digit every quarter, but I think we said in our thing, it's been up 17 quarters in a row in terms of sales; and 19 quarters in a row in terms of profit. And we think it's still got considerable headroom. It's still not back to where it was prerecession. So it took a big dip in a recession and we keep making it stronger, so we're positive about SNA Europe and I think we have abundant demonstration of that. The Industrial business is now through the downturn in the industrial sector in oil and gas and others. We kept investing in new product and our understanding of marketplace and I think you're seeing that come to fruition. Now I'm not going to say until you see those two big cylinders, I think working, based on improved capabilities that you can see coming through in the results to us. Now whether that's going to offer double-digit growth or not, is another question. I think we prefer to say that we look at our growth on an organic basis at 4% to 6% and we see C&I at the top end of that, but it appears as though in this environment with the strength we have, we got two big pistons there. And the other place, Asia-Pacific, had pretty good growth particularly in China and in India, in turbulent markets, I would say. And Power Tools came back, so I think you'd say C&I has positioned pretty well and the numbers showing that. If you take a look at those numbers, this is what we meant by rolling the Snap-on brand out of the garage.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Well, congratulations on all the progress there. I guess my second question was on the Tools segment and just if you could talk about franchisee order patterns through the quarter and what was changing there. I know your contract receivables are up, and you talked about that being driven by franchisee sales. Is your sense that inventories are maybe up a little, accumulating within the franchise network?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Actually no. I don't think the inventories are accumulated.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: The contract receivables, David, are up principally because of the launch of new vans and the franchised channel, so a lot of franchisees have upped the size of their advance they're putting on the street, and that's one of the key drivers in franchise finance.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: We would say the opposite actually that, if anything that we don't have perfect visibility on this. If anything, the franchisees inventories are coming down a little bit. I think the principal component of the franchisee story is the ZEUS. The ZEUS is selling well off the van and I don't know if the import of my remarks hits, but the franchisees are selling this big revolutionary new ZEUS at higher levels than we've seen for a large unit and they are selling what we call a data package, which is three years of subscriptions. We never really sold subscriptions with a launch before, and that's happening at record level. So I think if you look at the franchise interface level, one of the real great stories is around that revolutionary diagnostic, which is changing the industry, recognizes the market leader and is pulling us more into subscriptions-based software. Now when you do this kind of thing, it doesn't always register for the Tools Group right away, because the franchisees sell for three year subscription boom and it gets financed or sold in other way. And we, in the Tools Group, recognize on an amortized basis over the month. So they see that kind of thing, but if you look at that level, the franchisees are pretty happy about this.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: And last question for me is just on the Tools business. You talked about the gross margin pressure there and I appreciate you breaking it out for us. To what extent, this promotional pressure or promotional programs sort of a headwind on gross margins, and if you could tie that in with just some commentary around the general competitive environment tools that would be helpful?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: I'll say it this way. Look, I'll say it this way. Look, the Tools Group volume is down. They're vertically integrated, so you know that's going to play out in some kind of loss margin plus absorption and that kind of situation; but also, they want volume. If you're in the position of the Tools Group, if you want volume and so they're working pretty hard to take advantage of every possible piece of daylight they can. That's not the most efficient way to sell.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: All right. Thank you.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Gary Prestopino with Barrington.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Good morning Gary.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Nick, on the Tool Storage area, I mean, how far are you on the product refresh that I think you – we had talked about couple of quarter – over the last couple of quarters, then you mentioned it a little in your earlier comments. I mean are you basically done with that product refresh?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: I ain't done at all. I'm not done, but we were – we brought out some stuff. I think I said in the – some different themes and some different features and we migrated some features down into smaller – into the – some of the middle – mid-tier line, and we're continuing to do that. And I think we continue to make changes associated with the Tool Storage, because we think it didn't move – what happens to it, Gary, it didn't move this quarter. Some of that stuff worked, but not enough to move the overall needle, so you keep bringing out new stuff to try to make sure you can make the change. I think one of the things we're kind of encouraged about is this entry-level thing for the technicians, which we're kind of focused on in this situation. We're kind of – we're seeing some reasonable effects at the top end of the line and then – so we'd like to get these guys to – at the lower end with a little more activity. So you're seeing some of that. Then you go back to the Rock N' Roll Cabs. The Rock N' Roll Cabs, we're refurbishing them and we finished the first half of that refurbishment program right at the end of the year, so they really weren't – if you look at it, they really weren't on the road. And we expect to get the other half finished in another quarter, let's say, for government work. So you'll see those rolling out. So I don't – if you're looking for me to tell you when the thing is going to turn around, I guess I can't, but I have every confidence we can do this. And the reason I do this is because, when you look at our van network, you talk to our franchisees, you see our product line, pretty strong. Now we have gaps and it's caused us some difficulty, but the Tools Group, each one of our groups go up and down like this and we bring them back. I think the thing about the quarter is, is for the second quarter in a row, the Tools Group had difficulty and we achieved anyway because we had great quarters with RS&I and C&I.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: No, no. I understand and get it. No, I'm just trying to try and get an idea of when we could see an inflection point in the Tools Group?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Yeah. Look, I think, I said, the meaning of my word unsatisfied is this, Gary. We expect to grow every quarter.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Right.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: And so, we don't grow in one of these divisions, while there is the possibility of having a difficult quarter, we're not satisfied. So our expectation would be to grow, but I can't – in terms of forecasting for a financial situation, I can't be saying that we're doing that, but I can tell you internally, we're looking for it.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: And then what – in terms of refurbishing the van, the Rock N' Roll, vans, cabs.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Yeah.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: What are you doing there?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: First of all, you start from the outside in. You make the outside look differently, you do different wraps. You go inside, you reorganize the structure of the vans themselves, you put new stuff on, you organize a more robust refreshment of the Tool Storage boxes on the van, you try to make sure you have different examples, and we install a new computer system, which will – a new 3D modeling system, which if you doesn't see it on the van, or you see it on the van and you like a different color, you get a great picture of it.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: So, we do those kinds of things. It's really to try to make it seem different, so when the technician gets on the van, he says, oh, this is different I want to take a look at this stuff.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then getting back to the ZEUS, which is interesting.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Yeah.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Is this a federal – what is it, a federal regulation now that you have to monitor your mileage or something?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: No, no, no. Sorry, I probably confused you on this. The ZEUS, I was talking about the NEXIQ Blue-Link Mini. It's an electronic data logging. That's in the heavy-duty business that you put on trucks that monitor the daily log. There was legislation that took place that took effect in December, which drove that sales. ZEUS is for, your average vehicles in your – in Bimmer's auto repair, down in Illinois or something like that, or a muffler shop.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Sure.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: All right. Thanks.
Operator: The next to David Leiker with Baird.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. This is Joe Vruwink for David.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Hello.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I was hoping to peel back the onion a bit more on the Tools Group. So if I look at finance receivable originations, and that's my proxy for big-ticket product sales, that was down 1% to get to Tools Group of down 3%, it means the core hand tool, power tool business, let's call it, was down 4% and that down 4% is a weaker number than it's been tracking all year long. So I'm just wondering within Q4, what trends did you see that might explain maybe a weakening or I'm wondering since we're talking about the ZEUS, are your franchisees spending more time selling ZEUS and maybe less time selling Tools and that might be getting caught up in this number?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Let's just talk about this for a minute. As you know, I know you know this well. There isn't a perfect linkage between the Tools Group sales and originations. One thing, there is a time lag, probably the stuff that's originated in the fourth quarter, some significant portion of that got sold by us in the third quarter, that's one thing, I think. Clear, you know this. The work that gets into the van, they got to sell it and so on. That's one thing. And ZEUS introduced a new wrinkle for this. ZEUS is two pieces. It is the hardware itself, revolutionizing, intelligent diagnostics, faster stream, better color resolution, all that stuff and then it's a software package, a data software package underneath the intelligent diagnostic. Well, the data software package sells for thousands of dollars because it's three years and that gets financed, but it doesn't get recognized at the Tools Group, except on a monthly basis, amortized like a subscription. So not only is there – is this new wrinkle introduced by ZEUS, and that you have franchisees financing something, which doesn't really get recognized as immediately by a sale, by the Tools Group because it's the subscription-based software. We think it's a great situation because we're going to subscription base, that creates some of that disconnect. And so, I think you could talk to us a little more extensively and we can talk about this a little bit more and go through it, that's number one. Number two is your point is well taken though, I think. The ZEUS is a very expensive unit and we do have to take a lot of effort in training the franchisees and having our diagnostics, our 130 diagnostic systems developers and the Techno van supporting them and it takes a lot of effort to sell it. So a successful ZEUS sale can be drawing attention from other things, that's true. It's hard to quantify that though, Joe, you know. But that does happen.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. The point on software sales, that makes a lot of sense. Maybe if I spin the question around a little bit. So, U.S. down mid single-digits. That was a consistent number as in Q3. Obviously, tool storage has been weak. We've talked about that, but in thinking about the core mechanic customer, what is your sense on just the backdrop there whether the BLS has data, it shows hours worked up, hiring up, earnings way up. It would seems like that customer is able to buy more tools. What is your sense on Snap-on's ability to tap into what is ultimately a pretty strong, I'll call it, wallet growth?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: I agree. That's why I'm saying the automotive repair market is a robust market with abundant opportunity that we can drive down. We think we have the capability to do it. I mean, I think the fact that we're selling the ZEUSs in pretty good numbers, basically last year, we had a boffo quarter with the thermal imager. You know what, we sold a lot of them in the fourth quarter and at the franchisee level, they're overcoming that with ZEUS. And so what you got is people are playing the ZEUS list price, some people have looked at it, all-in is like $17,000. Now that's like a car price. There's a lot of versions of that, that gets sold, but it's thousands of dollars, and we're selling it successfully. So we're able to tap into it I think if we have the right product.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And you think recent, you've talked about coming out of the franchise conference, that product introduction, but have there been other items launched in the back half of the year? We're entering Q1 or we're over a month into Q1, what have been more recent trends than just that undertaking around new products?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: That's why I put the power tool in the script. The power tool that we talked about, that 3/8 inch mini power tool right angle drill sold out right away and it became a $1 million seller, a hit product. So we are launching products. Our problem is, we're not selling enough tool storage, and there are other issues, but the thing is that, we need to turn around tool storage. That's what I think. Now there are other things we'd like to see go better. So we are seeing encouraging. When we have the product, we believe we sell it.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And then my last question, A lot of our focus over the past year has been on finance receivables, but let's maybe talk about contract receivables. How much of the asset book is that category? And then can you just segment of contract receivables, how much is maybe more of a commercial loan with the shop? How much is going to be van leases? And are the growth in van leases going on right now? Is that historically a leading indicator of future activity or anything you can kind of foot to for why franchisees are reinvesting right now?
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: Joe, actually, there's not a lot to be gleaned. The mix within the portfolio has been rather constant. If you look at the end of Q4, 81% of the portfolio is extended credit, 15% is franchise finance and 3% is to leases of equipment to shop owners. That vacillates between 3% and 4% over the years. The franchise finance goes from 13.5% to 15.5%, so it's kind of all within range. I think it's a sign of prosperity and confidence when you see the franchisees up into a new van, particularly a larger van. I think they wouldn't make an investment like that if they didn't show their commitment to the future and want to keep growing their business.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thank you very much.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. I think last year, maybe a couple of phases you tightened credit a little bit. Just wondering what the results, learnings were around that, what the latest toggles are if that subsequently yielded to some opportunity to lose some credit backup perhaps?
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: I think we look at credit each and every quarter, a little bit harder at certain times of the year than others, Chris. It evolves, but not big movements in terms of decision making, we're always trying to tweak the portfolio in a positive way, try to put our franchisees and ourselves in a better place. Try to make sure we match our customers' needs up with what we were offering. So loosening credit, I wouldn't say that per se. I think we're judicious in terms of how we counsel the franchisees and approaching the situation. Having said that, one of the callers earlier made the comment that I think mechanics' wallets are getting bigger. I think that means that there probably is more capacity over time. We were trying to identify where that credit capacity is and loan to those mechanics.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then on the core vans channel, wondering if you're seeing any apparent rebalancing in the vans channel marketplace around historical price spreads around the few key competitors and maybe any changes on the relative under-penetration of some of your stronger peers?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Look, certainly if you looked at our numbers and you looked at some of the other numbers, you would conclude there's some change. We don't hear it from our franchisees. We don't hear them saying, oh, by the way, I have trouble competing with this guy or that guy over a particular product. So to the extent other people are growing, I guess you could argue that they're making inroads, where we could have had those inroads, but, or had that business. But you don't hear at the level. Nobody comes up and says, boy, you got to match this or we got to do this, or this is giving me problems. You don't hear it.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just final, bookkeeping, if you told us I missed it, but what's the finance receivables allowance balance down the year?
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: The balance is about 3% of the portfolio, if you look at the coverage ratio.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: A little bit more.
Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-On, Inc.: If we move to the next question please.
Operator: Pardon me. Thank you. We'll go next to Scott Stember with C.L. King.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Good morning.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Most of my questions have been answered, but I have one question. Nick, you had referred to the SFC, and I guess you're referring to the big pack of tools and maybe some bundling or unbundling that didn't go well, I guess from a pricing and just the actual packaging. Could you talk about what you've done to remedy that? And how long would we take to see that with an improved numbers within the Tools Group? Thank you very much.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Look, I think, yeah, the thing is that generally hand tools are something which are a little different than tool storage or diagnostics or anything else. The hand tools inventory is fairly ubiquitous on the van itself. They have a lot of handles, but generally, they have to be – you have to attract them to a bundle. It didn't work so well, some people took it in the SFC. We've tried to counter that by bringing out some tools, that's why I talked some individual tools that would be attractive. So, when I talked about the ratcheting wrenches and the specific high-durability ratcheting wrench that gets into certain small spaces, that's the kind of thing we're doing. And remember, I could have talked for the whole call about those kinds of things and so that's what we're trying to do to try to restart that. I think if you're dangerous, if you're looking at any one quarter at any particular group, because you do even in the good – when they were growing like a 7%, you saw ups and downs in those things so you can't necessarily conclude that hand tools because it's up and down, would be in trouble in terms of a tool category or be wanting in any way, we just didn't quite have the right package and we're trying to restart that with new product.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Got it. That's all I have. Thank you.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next to Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Good morning.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Are you seeing any kind of a market share struggle, I guess. I mean, the question was kind of asked earlier. I have heard from mechanics and some of your other franchise peers are being aggressive on pricing at the shop level. And is that something that you're hearing at all from your franchisees?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: You know from the – Bret, from the 80,000 foot level, you would say, we must be seeing something like that, if other people are growing faster than you are. I don't know if the mechanisms for that competition are price or what, but when I ride and I was just on a van the other day and guy never mentioned Mac or Matco, or any other competition. Now of course, he is talking to me and you can argue this, but I do meet with these guys a lot and often, they're just talking about ourselves, we could have – we could use different tool storage. We could use a new model in tool storage to address this kind of thing. We like the ZEUS. It takes – we're enthusiastic about the ZEUS. The feedback I get is all associated with ourselves. So I don't think we're feeling something that other people are doing other than maybe we're not doing as well as we could do versus what we expect of ourselves, that's the difference, I think. Really.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: I think the Snap-on franchise – you ask people about the preferred form of hand tool, that seems rock solid.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then a housekeeping. On rates, would you expect and I guess the rates were down and maybe I think Aldo mentioned some promotional issues on the quarter on the funding rate, but would you expect rate to be up going forward just given the increasing rate environment? Or do you think we're still sort of – we're going to be kind of flat?
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: I think they stay, Bret. It wasn't by a couple promotions. The products that fascinated the customer is what we call featured products. Featured products usually have rebates associated with them. That marketing expense comes off of the interest income that we calculate and the uptake on those was just better than what it had been in Q4 of last year. So you get a little bit of a depressant effect. And then the mix in the portfolio tend to be a little bit better quality credit and a lot of the shop owners with the ZEUS that Nick mentioned, the principal buyers of that are pretty good credit quality customers that drives the rate in the portfolio down a bit. So it depends on the mix of those. To answer your question, I think it stays in the 17% to 18% range on a holistic basis for finance receivables.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you. I appreciated it.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Leslie Kratcoski for any closing remarks.
Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks for joining us today. A replay of the call will be available shortly on snapon.com. And as always, we appreciate your interest in the company. Good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Nick Pinchuk - CEO Aldo Pagliari - CFO Leslie Kratcoski - IR
Analysts: Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research David Leiker - Baird David MacGregor - Longbow Research Liam Burke - FBR Capital Bret Jordan - Jefferies Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Richard Hilgert - Morningstar
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2017 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Ms. Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on’s third quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on’s Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we’ll take your questions. As usual, we’ve provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer, as well as on our Web site, snapon.com, under Investor Information. These slides will be archived on our Web site, along with a transcript and a replay of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, is included in our earnings release and conference call slide deck which can be found on our Web site. With that said, I’d now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I’ll start with the highlights of our third quarter, give you an update on the environment and the trends we see and then I’ll take you through some of the headwinds we’ve encountered and speak about our progress. Aldo will then provide you a more detailed review of the financials. In the third quarter, we again made overall advancements along our runways for both growth and improvement. Total reported sales were up 8.4% to $903.8 million including 5.9 million of favorable foreign currency translation and a boost from acquisitions, including last year’s Car-O-Liner and Sturtevant Richmont operations and this year’s BTC and Norbar business. They combined for an incremental $44.3 million in sales. Overall, organic sales were up 2.3% with varying results across the groups. It’s worth noting I think in this period that the major hurricanes which struck Houston, Florida and Puerto Rico did impact our results. We estimate that the sales in the quarter were reduced by about $8 million, principally in the Tools Group but with some smaller impacts in the other businesses. Now the operations in the affected areas have generally returned to normal, except for Puerto Rico. But as in the case of Superstorm Sandy in 2012, timing of both further disruption and rebuilding aren’t clear. So they could extend into upcoming quarters. Beside the hurricane, we also had a one-time legal charge in the period $15 million to OI or $0.16 to EPS reflecting a California state court judgment in an employment-related litigation brought by an individual that’s being appealed. Excluding the legal charge, OpCo operating margin was 18.6% of sales, down 30 basis points, a 90 basis point impact from acquisitions and unfavorable currency offset in part by operating improvements. For financial services, operating income of 56 million compared to last year’s 50.6 million. Excluding the legal charge, earnings per share as adjusted reached $2.45. That’s an increase of 10.4%. Now let’s speak about the markets. We believe the automotive repair environment continues to be generally favorable. We saw mixed results from our businesses in that arena, but based on what we’ve been hearing from our franchisees, from technicians, from shop owners and managers, we believe vehicle repair remains a favorable place to operate. And over time, Snap-on’s positions are taking full advantage. For the critical industries, verticals like aviation, oil and gas, mining and heavy duty, we’re seeing recovery. Our activity was strong almost across the board. We like the way the critical industries are sounding and trending. We have further confirmation of that positive outlook from our European-based hand tool business, SNA Europe, solid results with substantial growth across the European continent, broad strength; another sign of a favorable environment. We do have challenges but there will also be headwinds. They’ve been a factor in other quarters and this past one was the same. But our markets do offer attractive runways for growth and we believe we’re well positioned to confront and offset the challenges and continue enhancing our van channel, expanding with repair shop owners and managers, extending the critical industries and building in emerging markets. At the same time, those growth runways are joined and supported by the benefits of Snap-on value creation; safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement or RCI as we call it. They’re a constant driver of our [indiscernible] especially customer connection, understanding the work of professional technicians and innovation, matching that insight with technology. And in this quarter, Snap-on value creation, customer connection and innovation led to more prestigious product awards than we’ve had; more recognition than in any single year. Snap-on was prominently represented with nine Professional Tool & Equipment News, PTEN, People's Choice Product Awards where the actual users, the technicians made the sections. That’s great endorsement. We’re also recognized with three PTEN Innovation Awards and with three MOTOR Magazine Top 20 Awards and all three of our groups; Tools, RS&I and C&I were part of those achievements. An essential driver on Snap-on growth is innovative products that makes work easier, it’s always been our strength and those third quarter awards are testimony that great Snap-on products just keep coming. That’s the market overview. Now we’ll move to the individual operating groups. Let’s start with Tools. Organic sales down 1.6%. Growth internationally more than offset by declines in the U.S. Operating income in the quarter of 56.3 million, including 2.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency compares to 64.6 million in 2016. OI margin of 14.3% versus last year’s 16.3% with that decrease reflecting lower volume and unfavorable mix and a 70 basis point impact of unfavorable foreign currency. The third quarter is when we hold our annual Snap-on Franchisee Conference, our SFC as we call it. This year it was in Dallas with more than 8,200 attendees, franchisees and family members from over 3,000 routes. It’s an opportunity for franchisees for training and for ordering new product, and it’s a chance for the company to gauge our franchisees’ outlook on the business. Now the order story this year was mixed. Tool storage was up, other products were down and orders were down overall from last year’s record level. But I can attest that the franchisees displayed confidence in our business and optimism in the future. And that positive outlook is reinforced by the advancements evident in our franchisees health metrics, the financial and physical indicators we monitor and evaluate regularly. They remain favorable and robust. We do believe our franchisees continue to grow stronger. And at our most recent National Franchise Advisory Council meeting held just a few weeks ago, I heard the same positive outlook and optimism that was the prevailing mood at the Dallas SFC and there are real reasons for the confidence. The market remains robust and our product line is getting stronger. You heard about the product awards. Well, beyond that there’s a continuous stream of winning offerings going forward, attention getters. Like our new tool storage power draw in our Masters and Classic tool storage series. The power draw gives technicians the ability to organize their cordless tool battery chargers multiplying these days in the shop all in one 16-inch wide draw with 510 volt outlets for battery charging and two USB power ports for quick charging cell phones and other electronic devices. It’s configured in a taper device to allow easy access for all seven ports. Power and convenience packaged in the traditional Snap-on tool storage and early reports indicated to win, helping to restart the tool storage line. Also new is our 12-volt inverter-driven engine starter plus. Engineered in our Kenosha, Wisconsin labs and manufactured in our Murphy, North Carolina plants. Arc-less [ph] connection technology that prevents reverse polarity activation that is bad things when you hook a negative up to the positive. And a dual circuit feature accommodating both high current jump starting and standard charge in a small device, the benefits of inverter drive. Launched in September, it’s been received with a kind of enthusiasm that will make another of our hit products. Well, that’s the Tools Group. Now let’s move to RS&I. Sales increased 47.4 million including 21.6 million of acquisition-related sales and 2.1 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Organic growth was 23.7 million or 8.2%, the fourth straight quarter that RS&I has grown organically by high single digits. Operating earnings of 83.4 million increased 11.6 million. The operating margin was close to flat with last year, 25% compared to 25.1%. The acquisitions had an unfavorable impact of 140 basis points. But that headwind was pretty much offset by the benefits of RCI and volume. The robust RS&I growth represents progress across all our businesses in that group with double digit increases in diagnostics and repair information products sold to independent repair shop owners and managers. High single digit increases to OEM dealerships and a low single digit rise on our undercar equipment. And again, in RS&I, customer connection and innovations stood tall offering compelling new offerings, taking advantage of a favorable vehicle repair environment. Innovative new products like our latest handheld, ZEUS, which joins our award-winning diagnostics lineup as the new flagship platform. ZEUS was launched following the SFC in late August and surpasses our highly acclaimed VERUS Edge, building on the capabilities of that popular product but further incorporating our intelligent diagnostic software providing the technician with pinpoint guidance for repair. Intelligent diagnostic is made possible by Snap-on’s proprietary big data that guides the technician in solving those very unusual problems, hard to analyze; those very unusual hard to analyze vehicle repair problems and as a consequence saving a lot of time. It’s no wonder the ZEUS has been well received. And in just a short time it helped drive the strong RS&I progress in the quarter. Diagnostics are becoming increasingly essential to vehicle repair. Snap-on is the gold standard and you can see it in the numbers. So to wrap up RS&I, substantial achievements across the division, improving our position with repair shop owners and managers, continuing a very favorable trend and reinforcing our belief in the strength of the vehicle repair market. Now on to C&I. The sales of 314.6 million in the quarter increased 8.7% including 22.7 million of sales related to acquisitions and 2 million of favorable foreign currency. Organic growth was 0.2%. But that was the result of significant gains in critical industries, higher activity at SNA Europe and a decline in the sales of power tool products at the Tools Group. Operating margin reached 15.9%, up 80 basis points from last year’s 15.1%, improvement reflecting an ongoing stream of innovative new products for critical industries and a robust effort in RCI. They combined in the quarter to more than offset a 40 basis point impact of our recent acquisitions and a 10 basis point decrease from unfavorable foreign currency. Just a word here on our acquisitions; great additions to our product lines. At this point though, they’re dilutive to our profit ratios. But going forward we see them as landscape for improvement as we apply Snap-on value creation to their operations, they’re a great future opportunity. Now back to C&I progress. The industrial division showed broad based gains across most of the critical industries with – as I said, most of the critical industries with strong year-over-year performance now accomplished for three straight quarters. Critical industries are coming back. And when we couple that favorable environment with innovative new product aimed at solving critical tasks, we get very encouraging results. Advancements driven by innovation by products like our automated tool control unit or ATC, our smart tool box. In critical industries tool use needs to be controlled, safe and productive. Snap-on ATC is the top of the line solution, fully automated organization tool visibility, access control and asset management. And our recent enhancements have made it even better. New options like ZoomID and FastFlag; ZoomID providing individual tool recognition with special tool pegging essentially for serialized, certified or calibrated tools of these individual documentation, like torque wrenches or gauges, all important items for accomplishing critical tasks. And our FastFlag featured display giving the user quick visual feedback on the status of the box, whether it’s locked with all the tools accounted and are unlocked with the tools issued in a use or prompts exist such as wrong tools returned. It’s products like these aimed at industry needs that are helping to drive our progress across the critical industries and we believe the advancements only continue. Now let’s speak about SNA Europe. 16 quarters in a row of year-over-year growth in sales navigating through some difficult geographies and economies. SNA Europe’s volume continues to be positive but its profits are even more encouraging, now up for 18 straight quarters and we believe there’s still an abundant opportunity. One of the ways SNA Europe has been capturing customers is our new Bahco Ergo Tool Management System, the BETMS. It provides the ability to customize the product to specific needs. Actually BETMS demonstrates a key change behind SNA Europe’s positive trend, reaching directly to end users, increasing customer connection, configuring just the right tool kits from the broad SNA Europe lineup and matching customers’ specifications particularly. This new customer direct approach is transforming SNA Europe and helping to drive its ongoing trend of encouraging results. C&I third quarter; maintaining its momentum, extending in critical industries and building both sale and profitability. Well, that’s the highlights of our quarter. Tools Group, working to reenact the van channel; RS&I, clearly continuing its strong and expanding profitability with repair shop owners and managers; and C&I now establishing its own positive trend and growth in profitability extending across critical industries. Progress along our runways for coherent growth and advancements down our runways for improvement, overall sales increasing organically by 2.3% despite the multiple hurricanes. And excluding the legal charge, as adjusted EPS of $2.45, up 10.4% in a turbulent environment. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $903.8 million in the third quarter increased 8.4%, reflecting a 2.3% organic sales gain, $44.3 million of acquisition-related sales and $5.9 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales gain reflects ongoing progress in serving repair shop owners and managers in the vehicle repair sector as well as solid growth in sales to customers in critical industries and in our European-based hand tools business. Consolidated gross margin of 49.6% declined 60 basis points, primarily due to 40 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects and lower gross margins on acquisition-related sales, partially offset by savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $295.5 million included the $50 million charge related to the judgment that, as Nick has mentioned, is being appealed. The operating expense margin of 32.7% was 140 basis points higher as 170 basis points for the legal charge and 30 basis points of operating expenses for acquisitions were partially offset by sales volume leverage. Operating earnings before financial services of $153.1 million or 16.9% of sales included $1.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects and the $15 million legal charge and compares to $157.6 million or 18.9% of sales last year. Excluding the legal charge, operating earnings before financial services as adjusted was $168.1 million or 18.6% of sales. Financial services revenue of $79 million and operating earnings of $56 million increased $7.4 million and $5.4 million, respectively, as compared to last year. Consolidated operating earnings of $209.1 million or 21.3% of revenues compared to $208.2 million or 23% of revenues last year. Excluding the legal charge, consolidated operating earnings as adjusted was $224.1 million or 22.8% of revenues. Our third quarter effective income tax rate of 30.1% was reduced by 60 basis points as a result of the legal charge. The effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2016 was 31.2%. Finally, net earnings of $133.4 million or $2.29 per diluted share compared to $131.7 million or $2.22 per share a year ago, representing a 3.2% increase in diluted earnings per share. Excluding the legal charge, on an after tax basis, net earnings as adjusted of $142.7 million or $2.45 per share represented a 10.4% increase in diluted earnings per share as adjusted. Now let’s turn to our segment results. Starting with the C&I Group on Slide 7. Sales of $314.6 million in the quarter increased 8.7%, reflecting a 0.2% organic sales gain, $22.7 million of acquisition-related sales, and $2.0 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase includes a high single-digit gain in sales to customers in critical industries and a low single-digit increase in the segment’s European-based hand tools business. These increases were substantially offset by a double-digit increase in the sales of power tools and a mid single-digit sales decline in the segment’s Asia-Pacific operations. Gross profit of 40.3% increased 130 basis points from 39% last year, primarily due to favorable business mix and benefits from the company’s RCI initiatives. The operating expense margin of 24.4% increased 50 basis points from 23.9% in 2016, primarily due to 40 basis points of operating expenses for acquisitions. Operating earnings for the C&I segment of $50.1 million increased $6.4 million from 2016 levels and the operating margin of 15.9% improved 80 basis points. Turning now to Slide 8. Third quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $392.7 million decreased 1.1%, reflecting a 1.6% organic sales decline, partially offset by $2 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales decrease includes a mid single-digit decrease in the company’s U.S. franchise operations partially offset by a double-digit sales gain in the international operations. Gross margin of 41.8% decreased from 43.6% last year, primarily due to a year-over-year shift in product mix and 70 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. The operating expense margin of 27.5% increased 20 basis points from 27.3%, primarily due to the effect of the lower sales. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $56.3 million including $2.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects decreased $8.3 million and the operating margin of 14.3% compared to 16.3% last year. Turning to the RS&I Group, shown on Slide 9, third quarter sales of $333.5 million increased 16.6% reflecting an 8.2% organic sales gain, $21.6 million of acquisition-related sales and $2.1 million of favorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase was once again solid and broad based, reflecting double-digit gains in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers, a high single-digit sales increase to OEM dealerships as well as a low single-digit increase in sales of undercar equipment. Gross margin of 47.3% improved 80 basis points as a result of 40 basis points of benefit from acquisitions and savings from RCI initiatives. The operating expense margin of 22.3% increased 90 basis points principally due to 180 basis points of impact from acquisitions, partially offset by benefits of sales volume leverage. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $83.4 million increased $11.6 million from prior year levels. The operating margin of 25.0% compared to 25.1% last year, including a 140 basis point impact from acquisitions. Now turning to Slide 10. Operating earnings from financial services of $56.0 million on revenue of $79 million compared to operating earnings of $50.6 million on revenue of $71.6 million last year. Financial services expenses of $23 million increased $2 million, primarily due to an increase in the provisions for credit losses. While total provision expense of $13.6 million in the third quarter is up $2.3 million year-over-year, it is fairly comparable with the $13.4 million incurred in Q2. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 1.2% in both the third quarters of 2017 and 2016. In the third quarter, the average yield on finance receivables was 17.9% in 2017 compared to 18.0% in 2016. The respected average yield on contract receivables was 9.2% and 9.4%. Total loan originations of $271.8 million in the third quarter increased $2.0 million or 0.7% year-over-year, as higher originations of contract receivables were partially offset by a decline in originations of finance receivables due in part to lower year-over-year tool storage sales by the Snap-on Tools Group. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter-end balance sheet includes approximately $1.97 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.71 billion from our U.S. operation. In the third quarter, our worldwide financial services portfolio grew $59.4 million or 3.1%. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these are as expected tracking higher year-over-year. We believe these trends, however, continue to reflect our view of an appropriate risk reward balance in this segment of our business. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, the largest portion of the portfolio, trailing 12-month net losses of $43.7 million represented 2.77% of outstandings at quarter-end, up 61 basis point year-over-year and 16 basis points sequentially. However, net losses related to finance receivables of $11.1 million in the third quarter were up sequentially by only $0.3 million from $10.8 million in the second quarter.  The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.7% for U.S. extended credit increased 30 basis points sequentially as compared to a more typical seasonal increase of about 20 basis points. Overall, operating earnings in financial services segment rose 10.7% year-over-year and 2.6% sequentially. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $95.5 million in the quarter decreased $16.4 million from comparable 2016 levels, primarily due to higher working investment. During the quarter, we also elected to make a $30 million discretionary contribution into our domestic pension plans, an increase of $20 million as compared to Q3 2016. Net cash used by investing activities of $61.1 million included net additions to finance receivables of $35.2 million. Capital expenditures of $22.9 million in the quarter compared with $16.5 million last year. Net cash used by financing activities of $29.5 million included dividend payments to shareholders of $40.7 million and the repurchase of 603,000 shares of common stock for $90.1 million under our previously announced share repurchase programs. Year-to-date share repurchases totaled 1.35 million shares for $212.6 million. These uses of cash were partially offset by higher short-term borrowing, principally commercial paper. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $76.4 million from 2016 year-end level, including $22.2 million of foreign currency translation and $9.1 million from acquisitions. Days sales outstanding of 67 days was up from 63 days at year-end including the impact of acquisition and currency which combined increased DSOs by about three days. Inventories increased $119.4 million from 2016 year-end, primarily to support continued higher customer demand and new product introductions resulting from, as an example, increased penetration into critical industries and emerging markets. In addition, foreign currency translation and acquisitions contributed $24.1 million and $6 million of the increase, respectively. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.1 compared to 3.3 at year-end. Our quarter-end cash position of $94.1 million increased $16.5 million from 2016 year-end levels. Our net debt-to-capital ratio increased to 27.6% from 26.3% at 2016 year-end.  In addition to our $94.1 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities. As of quarter-end, we had $170 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance. I’ll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, that’s the third quarter. Sales growth and expanded profit in turbulence. We feel quite positive regarding our position. Our markets; vehicle repair remains attractive and the critical industries are recovering. Our businesses; RS&I is expanding with repair shop owners and managers strengthening its already extraordinary hardware and software product lines with the ZEUS breaking new ground in vehicle diagnostics. RS&I are registering its fourth straight quarter of high single-digit growth and a profitability that keeps improving offsetting the dilution of acquisitions. C&I extending the critical industries, the industrial division achieving broad growth, the third straight quarter of positive performance driven by new product that match the needs of professional. And SNA Europe, ongoing growth trend, sales up for 16 straight quarters and profits rising 18 straight. It’s a difficult environment with more to go. And C&I profitability, 15.9%, up 80 basis points against a 50 basis impact of acquisitions and currency. And the Tools Group undergoing some tuning but still a strong business in a strong market. The Tools Group is a combination of market, brand, business model and team that we believe are natural advantages and that we believe will author positive trends going forward. And our acquisitions; dilutive now, but as we apply Snap-on value creation we see abundant possibilities for gain. And all of that added up in the quarter to growth and improvement. Sales up 8.4% as reported, 2.3% organically against 80 basis points of hurricane. And excluding the legal charges, adjusted EPS at $2.45, a rise of 10.4%. Going forward, we believe we have wide runways for growth and improvement and we have the business models, the processes and the capabilities to take full advantage and continue our progress on into the fourth quarter and beyond. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I’ll speak to our franchisees and associates. The advancements we’ve made and the headwinds we’ve overcome are a direct result of your energy, your capability and your dedication. For your success in authoring our progress, you have my congratulations. And for your dedication to our team, you have my thanks. Now, I’ll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. We’ll take our first question from Gary Prestopino [Barrington Research].
Gary Prestopino: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Gary.
Gary Prestopino: A couple of things. Aldo, could you just go through on the RS&I the percentage increases that you cited there in terms of the sale with the various broad-based product categories? I couldn’t write quick enough.
Aldo Pagliari: So again I think I framed it this way is that it was solid really pretty across the board. They were up high single digits if you look at the diagnostics and repair information sector. They were up in sales to OEM dealerships mid single digits and also I think they were low single digits in sales of undercar equipment. So a pretty solid performance across the board.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you. Then, Nick, did I hear you said right at the franchisees the conference that you had that tool storage sales were up but other sales were down. Is that correct?
Nick Pinchuk: That’s what you heard. Now I want to make sure that everybody who’s listening just understands. The SFC – when we talk about the SFC we talk about orders, not sales. These are orders that occur off the SFC floor. It’s a big floor that shows products. And so there are orders and those orders can be distributed over several quarters. Some of them are for the third quarter, some are for the fourth and they stretch out into the first quarter, maybe even to the second quarter of next year. So it’s spread out over a period of time. So SFC orders aren’t necessarily a direct indicator of what’s to come in any particular quarter or even in total. But that’s the characteristics of it. Our tool storage product, remember we said we were going to try to adjust the tool storage product line, make it more attractive. I think it looks attractive and the orders on the SFC floor seem to make [indiscernible].
Gary Prestopino: Can you give us an idea of the magnitude of the increase and the decrease or not?
Nick Pinchuk: I think we’re talking about mid single digits, that kind of thing. But if you remember last year was record – I said in my remarks, last year’s SFC was a record performance for orders. Now again I want to emphasize. Nobody should get overheated about orders off the SFC. They’re just indicative of things. They’re not necessarily definitive about things. But it’s better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick.
Gary Prestopino: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from David Leiker [Baird].
David Leiker: Good morning, everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, David.
David Leiker: Aldo, just two numbers questions first. On the acquisition, I know you went through by segment. You talked about how much dilutive they were along the way. But can you – at a corporate level, at the EBIT line, the acquisitions are dilutive by what kind of a number?
Aldo Pagliari: Sure. If you look at the overall corporation, the acquisitions depressed earnings by about 50 basis points if you look at the OpCo operating margins as a percent of sales. And again that’s strictly the ratio that the acquisitions start with an OI percentage that’s lower than the average of the business units that they’ve been subsumed into. And over time we expect to be able to add some value creation tactics into those results and improve them.
David Leiker: Is there an intent to ascend those businesses to get them to – within each of those segments to – the segment level margins or is there room for something further than that?
Aldo Pagliari: I think each acquisition stands on its own and is unique as you know whether they’re acquisitions of recent times. There’s a small one that was software related. And our hardware related business such as undercar equipment is not going to reach the levels of the software business, but we think there’s opportunity to improve.
David Leiker: And then you had mentioned a transactional item in Snap-on Tools segment, I’m guessing that exports out of the U.S. with the weaker dollar into Canada, UK?
Aldo Pagliari: Sure. So if you look at it again, we still have the dilemma – not dilemma, it’s just that we manufacture tools in the United States and sell them internationally. So if you look at the timing of when currency changes in Canada and in United Kingdom, particularly in the United Kingdom, you have timing differences related to inventory but that’s where most of the transaction negative effect occurs.
David Leiker: Okay. And then if we take a look at the storm tonight, I know this is – we’re not dealing with hard data on this, but if you look at what happened in Texas and Florida and you talked about the sales impact to that. Can you flush that out just a little bit in terms of what kind of an impact there might have been at Snap-on credit in terms of originations, delinquencies, losses at all, any color you could share there?
Aldo Pagliari: Sure. We took some – I’d say still rather nominal increases in the provision within the quarter. So the provision is up specific a bit to some of the effects of the hurricanes. Now traditionally when we look back over events in the past, like Katrina and Superstorm Sandy, over time there’s no clear evidence that storms such as these result in permanent disruption to the credit business. Having said that, certainly Puerto Rico is a bit of a different animal, so we’ll look into the future and see how that develops. But to give you some dimensions, David, is that if you look at the portfolio on these areas, if you look at Texas that was affected, in Florida, a little bit of Georgia and into the Caribbean, you’re looking at probably 9.8% of the U.S. EC portfolio just to give you a dimension. And if you look within that, about 2.6% of the whole U.S. portfolio, people have asked for extensions. We have a process where people can ask – if they’re in good standing, they can ask for an extension and we certainly honor that request if they’re in a distressed situation. So that gives you a little bit of a dimension as to what is out there. As we go forward in Q4, we’ll see what the impact is on collection activity and remittances. But it’s certainly too early to tell. So we took some provisions in Q3. I think Q4 will be a little bit more telling. If you go back to Superstorm Sandy, we didn’t see the full effects of Sandy really until one or two quarters after.
David Leiker: And then two or three quarters beyond that, you see a positive impact I would guess?
Aldo Pagliari: There’s a potential. Obviously most of us I think would expect there to be rebuilding. Certainly there’s going to be auto repair if your car has been damaged and garages will have to replace equipment that’s been under water or adversely impacted and I think that’s been the tradition. Again, Puerto Rico could be a little bit longer for it to return and how it returns [indiscernible]. Our activity in Puerto Rico is we sell annually in Puerto Rico $5 million maybe.
David Leiker: Okay. And then one last item. Nick, if you could talk a little bit about the power tool weakness, that’s something that we hadn’t really been seeing? It’s been more of a growth driver for your business. But if you could give us some color on what’s going on there?
Nick Pinchuk: Look, I think partly it has to do with tension. One of the things we talked about in the second quarter was that the profitability of the Tools Group is very strong and a lot of that was driven by the introduction of new power tools, particularly our PT850. And that really had a big spike in the second quarter driving both the profitability and some of the sales to that business and I think we had some of the – one of the big factors here was just sort of a giveback for that strong power tools quarter in the second quarter. That’s the primary situation. And David, every one of our quarters if we gave you – if you wanted to focus on these things, there will always be ups and downs. And so this is just down for power tools and those power tools come out of Asia and our Murphy, North Carolina and our Kenosha factories. So that’s what [indiscernible] both in C&I.
David Leiker: And then just one follow up on that one. If you took kind of Q2, Q3 together with power tools, would that have been consistent with what the pattern had been?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I think this might be a little weaker but nothing to get in – but nothing really to get our attention.
David Leiker: Great. Thank you very much for the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor [Longbow Research].
David MacGregor: Good morning, everyone. Nick, I wondered if you could just talk about the deterioration in Tools segment operating margins. And I’m guessing some of this may have been attributable to the storms, but it also looks kind of working through the numbers, so maybe you had some weakness in some of the small ticket sales as well. And I wondered if you could just sort of --?
Nick Pinchuk: That’s certainly right. What happened was is that the deterioration of the – if you might remember what drove the good strong margins in the second quarter was I think we cited two particularly products, the power tool, the 850 and particularly some of the new offerings sort of the long-handle flex-head ratchet which sold very well. One of the things that drives profitability in the Tools Group are the products they make themselves. You see they make tool storage and they make hand tools. And when those are weak, it tends to put a pretty strong – when those are weak in combination, it puts a pretty strong headwind on their profitability and that’s really what you were seeing in this quarter. You saw some weakness in tool storage, although it wasn’t as weak as the second quarter and you saw weakness in some of the hand tool business. Diagnostics was up because of the ZEUS, but diagnostics the margin shared between the Tools Group and RS&I, so it doesn’t accrue. And that’s what you saw. And you saw, of course, its lower volume. You have volume effects and then you do have the hurricane. So those things combined for that kind of weakness.
David MacGregor: What should we be thinking about that business for 4Q and into the first half of '18?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think every quarter is a different situation and I’ll only say that I’ve said for dogs age that the third quarter is kind of squarely and hasn’t any indication of things going forward. I think we feel pretty positive about where the business is going. Tool storage in the SFC it seems as though maybe we’ve kind of saw some of the product prompt [ph] and that’s a very good indication. We’re retooling the Rock ‘N Roll Cabs. About 50% of them will be retooled by the end of the fourth quarter. And so we see that kind of coming back in that situation. So we’re pretty positive about it, sort of hit a time for tuning and that’s what we’re doing, refurbishing the product line. That applies a little bit to hand tools. We’re going to be coming out with some new hand tools that will shake people up a little bit and get that restarted. So it all has to do with product. But I think we’re optimistic going forward.
David MacGregor: Can you just say if you expect a drag on the Tools segment growth less pronounced with each quarter from this point forward from storage?
Nick Pinchuk: It’s hard for me to say that, but I would expect – I was encouraged by the – even though the orders were down overall in SFC, I was encouraged by the tool storage results which tends to be a kind of bellwether. Hand tools can move up and hand tools and power tools can move up and down depending on how the bundles are made in the SFC and so on and how people get excited about it. And the franchisees tend to have a broad array of hand tools on their vans and so that can move up and down depending on when you install new products. So I’m pretty optimistic. I think the drag goes down. We’re recovering from the product line [indiscernible] in tool storage and we’re retooling the Rock ‘N Roll Cabs and I think we have some exciting new products like I talked about coming out.
David MacGregor: Great. Last question just on competition. I guess Matco and Mac both talked about adding trucks to their fleet and you’ve talked about holding your truck count constant, because on the surface it would seem that your share is being at less threatened. Can you talk about what Snap-on is doing maybe to defend and even grow its share while your percentage of the industry fleet is being diluted by competitors’ expansion?
Nick Pinchuk: It comes down to trying to expand – enable the vans with new product. New product is the first and foremost. We think we have the best product. ZEUS is the best. ZEUS is going to change everything. In other words, you heard our idea about SureTrack. For example, SureTrack allowed the guy to look at the car and say 92% of the time this was solved by changing the mass airflow sensor. That helps for the high volume. But every once in a while something comes up, it comes up on alternate Tuesdays and it takes forever to fix. Intelligent diagnostic guides them through this like no one else can and so those kind of things help. Secondly, we’re expanding the space on the vans. One of the reasons you see – in a lot of cases you can see it reflected in franchise finance is that the van drivers are buying or leasing bigger trucks, 20-foot trucks not the 16-foot trucks giving them more retail space. And we believe these kinds of things, better product, more space and then we’re working on helping them with their time so they have more time to sell, that’s what wins for us.
Operator: Our next question will come from Liam Burke [FBR Capital].
Liam Burke: Good morning, Nick. Good morning, Aldo.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning.
Liam Burke: Nick, in the C&I division you’ve made some significant investment upfront in emerging markets. Could you give us a little color on the Asia Pacific and what happened during the quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. Asia Pacific in the overall results – the local sales, the sales into the Asia Pacific was up, particularly good quarters in China and India. They’re always mixed. So China and India were good quarters year-over-year. Indonesia was down, for example. But in the region overall, those external sales rose in the quarter. So we’re pleased with that. The sales in supplying the Tools Group principally, basically power tools coming out of the Kunshan factory were down relatively sharply and therefore that tended to overwhelm the growth and it made it down somewhat in the quarter. That’s how that works. So if you’re looking at the local activity, I think a quarter of progress. If you’re looking at it as a supplier to the divisions in the West, principally the Tools Group, it was a down quarter.
Liam Burke: Got it, okay. And Nick, you pointed out both inventory and receivables were off based on acquisitions. If you net out acquisitions, would you anticipate those ratios to be normal?
Aldo Pagliari: The ratios are fairly similar to the working capital ratios in total for the corporation. What I did say, Liam, is that one day more or less is what impacts DSOs and it relates to the acquisitions. But the inventory turnovers are similar to our core business.
Liam Burke: And you wouldn’t anticipate any change with that going forward? I mean within reason. Of course you’ll get quarter-to-quarter variability but --?
Aldo Pagliari: Yes, I think as we move forward we look at the opportunities that the inventories present. We expect there to be a return on our inventories. We’re not unwilling to invest in them if we think the returns are there. So I don’t like to get ahead of myself on a conclusion that the inventory is not required, because so far the acquisitions have been performing nicely with respect to our expectations.
Liam Burke: Great.
Nick Pinchuk: I think we’d say that working capital isn’t necessarily a source of cash going forward. And our overall return on assets when you adjust for the acquisitions, the [indiscernible] is up 80 basis points. So I think we feel okay about that. Now that doesn’t mean it doesn’t move.
Liam Burke: Great. Thanks, Nick. Thanks, Aldo.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Bret Jordan [Jefferies].
Bret Jordan: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: To follow up on that Matco and Mac question, are you seeing any increasing price competition out of those guys that they’re building up the franchise base a bit? And I guess how do you see Craftsman entering the market in 2018 obviously with some broader distribution under new ownership? Is that a price competitor or is that just really not in the same product set?
Nick Pinchuk: Let me answer them in a reverse order. Craftsman’s been ubiquitous for a long time of course not on a van, but ubiquitous. And people have – they’ve been in fliers all over the place and every Sunday morning paper, so people are well aware of the price difference. So I don’t see the balance changing with Craftsman. It may work in some instance but those people may not be our customers to begin with. Secondly, for the other guys they’ve been expanding but I’m not hearing competition on price from our franchisees. I don’t hear that. Actually I continue to hear questions turning in on ourselves; gee, this is a great diagnostic unit. It’s better than everybody else. Gee, I’d like to have the power tool with little different features because other people might have those. This was better than – this wasn’t as good as our old power tool or not enough better than our old power tool. Those are the kinds of things I hear. For tool storage I hear, gee, the tool storage line isn’t catching our imagination. It isn’t getting technicians to come out and say, I got to have that box. By the way I think we had some of that at the SFC. So those are the kinds of things I’m hearing. Now maybe there is that. Of course you would think as Mac and Matco declare better performance they will be gaining – they will be at least growing their sales and therefore taking business that theoretically could be ours even if it’s maybe not our business to begin with. But I’m not hearing it from the rank and file.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then a question – I think Aldo maybe you addressed this, but the U.S. tools growth versus U.S. credit originations growth, did you break out what was in credit what was in the U.S.? It would seem like maybe we’re going to be ticking back up since you’re seeing more strength in some of the high value product?
Aldo Pagliari: Growth in originations, if you look at our cash flow statement you’ll see that the finance receivables were down a little over 2%, which is pretty consistent with what you see in the performance of our activity in the United States. So they were fairly similar in that regard. This time of the year we pick up some additional originations at the SFC in particular, the Snap-on Franchise Conference, where we have higher contract receivables. Again, it’s a seasonal item but it was up year-over-year which I find is a nice indicator of the franchisee willingness to invest in their business. So in particular we saw them expanding their investment in vans. In particular, some of them getting new vans which are larger than the old ones and people making upgrades. So I don’t know if I’ve gotten an answer to your question, but there were pretty similar I’d say in terms of the performance in quarter.
Bret Jordan: And we’d expect maybe a better percentage of high value product sales into the second half of the year, so maybe a tick up on the loan to the mechanic as well?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, I’m not going to predict the Q4 mix of sales going forward. Nick said that tool storage orders at the show were positive. If that follows through with sales of tool storage, no doubt Snap-on credit will be a beneficiary.
Bret Jordan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we’ll go to Christopher Glynn [Oppenheimer].
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning. Wondering if we could take a look at the Snap-on tools linearity in the quarter. It was kind of interesting. You had the destock in June and then the orders softness at the tradeshow. We heard about maybe less discounting. Did you see a pickup in the normal flow of orders outside the tradeshow as the quarter drew to a close?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, because look I think – Chris, it’s like at the tradeshow last year, at the – we don’t call it that. At the Franchise Conference we launched that thermal imager which was incandescent in terms of product. Everybody got excited and we sold a lot of – remember I said – I think I might have said that it adds a new version of diagnostics and it sold quite a bit. That was launched at the show. Now we didn’t launch the new ZEUS until after the show, 10 days, two weeks afterwards. So in terms of the product offering, if you just look at diagnostics for one, it wasn’t quite as compelling in the show. We had a number of reasons to do that. But what happened is the ZEUS launched in late August and sold out through September. So you did see a pop from that. And to the extent that diagnostics from the Tools Group was up in the quarter that was on the back of that late selling. And you have all kinds of things around the tool storage. Sometimes the SFC have different offerings that more or less appeal or don’t and people say, okay, I’m going to wait for later to take advantage of some of the products that inevitably comes out on a monthly basis.
Christopher Glynn: And are you starting to see any replenishment into the vans on the hand tool side?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think I see nothing that – I’m not saying I don’t see that but I’m saying to you this is an effect that we’re coming off the third quarter. The third quarter is a tough quarter to find any directional idea, because it can result in – you can have blips with technicians coming back from vacation. Our franchisees to the extent they’ve been doing well take longer vacation and that can create perturbations in the third quarter. So I don’t know. I think we’re positive going forward though. I think we like our product line. We like where we are. We like the reception of the franchisees. We like what they say about the market. So you would think you would see some recovery in that situation.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then delinquency is up and tools not growing right now. I’m wondering if you’re seeing more volume on collateral resale.
Aldo Pagliari: The residual values have been pretty steady. Again, there’s variation and I don’t know if the hurricane is going to cause – I’m not saying it did in Q3 but it’s going to be harder to repossess things that have been washed away. That could be. But residual values have been pretty steady, Chris. So we don’t see a lot of variation in that.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And lastly you’re not implementing or contemplating any changes to your pricing models?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I wouldn’t say that going forward. We’re always reviewing situations. For example, steel costs are going upwards. We could look at pricing associated – we’ve always said we can price for visible steel. We kind of make those kinds of decisions on a regular basis, maybe monthly --
Christopher Glynn: I kind of meant outside the normal reactions to commodity costs and things like that?
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t think so. You mean just move our prices up or down? No, I don’t think so.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We’ll take our last question from Richard Hilgert [Morningstar].
Richard Hilgert: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning.
Richard Hilgert: Just wanted to follow on to the delinquency question there. We were headed downwards from the December numbers on the delinquency looking to improve a little bit, and then we ticked back up well above the December delinquency rates. And I was just curious, would that cause you to rethink any of your credit policies at this point?
Aldo Pagliari: Richard, just a reminder – this is Aldo. First off, there is always a seasonal effect. The delinquencies tend to creep up in Q3 and Q4 as you approach the holiday season. They intend to improve a bit as people get close to tax refund dates in and around March and April. So there is that underlying seasonal trend. And as what I’m trying to point out, usually you see a creep upwards of about 20 basis points historically in the delinquency metric. This time it’s up 30. So it is up. And we are up year-over-year in terms of to a higher level of delinquency performance. I expect that to kind of continue. It’s been fairly stable looking at factoring off the seasonal trends since Q4. So again, we’re always looking at it. However, this is still pretty good business. If you look at this at a high level, remember it’s there to support sales of the Tools Group principally. 95% of what the credit company does is for the purpose. And Tools Group makes decent margins when they sell tools. And if you look at the yield on these receivables, despite the bad debt in SG&A, it’s a pretty good return to the bottom line. So we look at it but we’re pretty comfortable that it’s performing as expected.
Richard Hilgert: Okay, great. On the acquisition dilution, how soon would you expect that dilution to reverse itself and what are the measures that you needed to take in order to do this? Is this a matter of gaining some type of distribution synergies or cost reductions? What are the actions there?
Nick Pinchuk: All of the above. Look, here’s the schedule. I think we acquired Car-O-Liner on October 31 of last year, so we’d lap that. So it would go into the base as of October 31. Sturtevant Richmont goes in, in November. So two of the four acquisitions we talk about here will have a partial effect on the fourth quarter and then disappear in January. And then BTC and Norbar were sometime last year. I think Norbar was acquired in May or something like that. So you have that kind of schedule where they cycle off. If you’re talking about how we’re going to improve them with Snap-on value creation, two things. One is of course we acquire for product primarily to give us a position with customers we weren’t accessing or to give us more to sell to either repair shop owners or managers or people in critical industries and they do that, so will gain from selling their products; Norbar to critical industries, Car-O-Liner to repair shop owners or managers and so on. But there’s another factor. Snap-on value creation authors improvement, margin improvement, doing things better everyday like we have in the operations throughout Snap-on. So you’ll see both of those working in tandem in the acquisition. It usually takes a while to get an acquisition on board integrated and then you start finding traction for those processes.
Richard Hilgert: Okay, very good. The last question, the SFC you mentioned that the orders for new tool storage equipment, those orders would get filled over time. Have you already ramped up production of the new tool storage equipment or is this a matter of – it’s going to take time to ramp that up and then get the product out?
Nick Pinchuk: It’s not a production problem. But like I said, it’s a long way thing. SFC echoes through several quarters through – it’s in the third, fourth and end of the first quarter. So we have time to recover depending on what those orders are. And then remember, every month people order and it overlays on top of that, but we don’t see a production problem.
Richard Hilgert: So when you go into SFC, you’ve already got the new product that you’re showing at the conference in production and it’s ready for the franchisees to order immediately?
Nick Pinchuk: Almost always, but in fact not that much gets ordered immediately. They don’t walk away with tool storage, but they can. So we’re ready for that. We have models that kind of say, this is likely the distribution of these products depending on the particular product, depending on the size of it, depending on the cost. And so we model it in a fairly complex way. So we’re ready to go.
Richard Hilgert: Okay, great. Thanks again.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Aldo Pagliari: Have a good day.
Operator: That’s all we have for the time we have for questions. So at this time, I’d like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Leslie Kratcoski for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, Alan, and thanks everyone for joining us today. A replay of the call will be available shortly on snapon.com. And as always, we appreciate your interest in the company. Have a good day.
Operator: That does conclude today’s conference. We thank everyone again for their participation.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie Kratcoski – Investor Relations Nick Pinchuk – Chief Executive Officer Aldo Pagliari – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Liam Burke – FBR Capital David Leiker – Baird Scott Stember – C.L. King Gary Prestopino – Barrington Research David MacGregor – Longbow Research Bret Jordan – Jefferies Christopher Glynn – Oppenheimer
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2017 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mrs. Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead ma’am.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, Anna and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s second quarter results, which are detailed on our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on’s Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we’ll take your questions. As usual, we’ve provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab and the webcast viewer, as well as on our website, snapon.com, under Investor Information. These slides will be archived on our website, along with the transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I’d now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everyone. I’ll start the call with some highlights of our second quarter. I’ll speak about the general environment, the trends we see, some of the headwinds we’ve encountered and the progress we’ve made. Then Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financial. On an overall basis, our second quarter was encouraging, we believe that once again offered evidence of advancement along our runways for both growth and for improvement. Reported sales were up 5.6% to $921.4 million and that included unfavorable foreign currency translation this quarter an impact of $12.5 million. It also reflected an incremental $38.4 million from acquisition last years Car-O-Liner and Sturtevant Richmont operations and this year is BTC and Norbar business. Our organic sales for the quarter rose 2.7% with varying increases recorded by every group. The opco operating margin reached 19.9% up from 19.1% in 2016, and that 80 basis point increase reflects the higher sales but it also represents the power of Snap-on value creation to driver earnings growth. For financial services operating income grew to $54.6 million from last year’s $49.5 million, combining with opco to offer our consolidated operating margin of 23.9%, up 100 basis point. Our earnings per share they reached $2.60, up from the $2.36 of last year a rise of 10.2%. Those are the numbers. Now for the market, from an overall macro perspective, we do believe the automotive repair arena remains favorable. The Tools Group organic activity was up slightly, smaller again then the previous period. That said, we don’t believe the second quarter results indicate a softening marketplace. We’re not hearing or seeing that rather it reflects the specific headwinds like sales decrease around our tool storage product line. On the other side of automotive, our automotive repair operations RS&I had strong volume in the second quarter. Organic sales growth with both independent repair shop owners and managers and with OEM dealerships, this marks RS&I’s third straight quarter of high single digit progress in organic sales. Representing what we believe to be an affirmation of the positive auto repair environment. Now for the Commercial & Industrial Group or C&I, organic sales were up mid single digit the highest for some time with progress across most of the industrial sectors and geographies and critical industries, gains posted in nearly every second – segment. Both in the U.S. and internationally, strengthen sectors like natural resources, heavy duty fleet, and particular progress in places like the UK and Mexico. Also positive for C&I was SNA Europe. SNA Europe, our European hand tools business delivering another quarter of solid results in places like Spain, France, Denmark and Sweden more gains across the core of Europe. So overall the results remain favorable. Growth was slim in the Tools Group, but advancements with auto repair shops was strong in RS&I. There was a clear recovery in critical industries, and there were continued gains in Europe. Opportunities still outweighing the challenges and the sales growth confirms it, and the operating income demonstrated – they demonstrated once again, the leverage and the power of Snap-on value creation, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement. Innovation and customer connection, the principles that guiding our organization in the ongoing development of productivity solution, borne out of the insights and observations gathered out of customers workplace and together with RCI once again this quarter helping to drive an 80 basis point OI margin gain. Well that’s the sort of macro overview. Now let’s move to the groups. Let’s start with tools. Organic sales were up 0.5%, there were two primary drivers that attenuating tool activity tool storage sales and destock. Tool storage was simply not the ever upward spring it’s been in the past. We believe there are still abundant market opportunity the segment isn’t saturated, however, our product line it wasn’t as compelling as we’ve had in recent periods. The second quarter enhancements we tried, they were somewhat but they weren’t enough, we need to do more in the upcoming Snap-on franchisee conference will be the initial venue for around of that new product. Also it appears that the Rock ‘N Roll Cabs are special tool storage vans, have lost some of their excitement. We’ll have to retool them. We’ll have to retool them to get the customer attention, and we will. And finally we regularly refine our credit programs to match franchisee practice and performance, this time we re-stripped our credit platinum levels and that change had some initial effect on tool storage. So we saw a weaker tool storage activity in both our sales and in the franchisees volume the sales off the truck. We’re aiming to recover with new product and with a revitalized set of Rock ‘N Roll vans. The other product line, our tool storage. Sales off the van, sales from the franchisees to technicians are up nicely for products besides tool storage, they were near the top of our targeted rates. Our sales of those product, that is the Tools Group sales of those products to franchisees were mixed and tepid in total. It appears that the traditional de-stocking that proceeds the buying opportunities of the Snap-on franchisee conference SFC and always take place in July and early August, well that contraction crap into part of June. The franchisees were selling robustly off the van with those products but drawing down their positions and ordering less new product. The reason that that these have been bigger than ever, offering more exciting products. Franchisees have been ordering more in that one being weekend and this year, we’re getting ready earlier clearing the decks. That’s said, even with a modest volume increase Tools Group operating margins rose 120 basis points to 19.5%. That 120 basis point improvement demonstrates clear progress to benefit the Snap-on value creation, more effective higher margin product, streamline product development and nice volume leverage internationally. Advancements in the Tools Group are evident in the overall OI improvement, and they are apparent in our franchisee health metrics. The financial and physical indicators we monitor and evaluate continuously. They remain favorable an important categories like franchisee turnover. We believe our van network is growing stronger, I just visited several franchisees in the field and I can assure you that the confidence of those entrepreneurs was quite encouraging and besides those interactions during more formal discussions like our National Franchisee Advisory Council meetings, I heard similar comments. The people I spoke to are upbeat very confident of their opportunity going forward, that’s the Tools Group. Now onto C&I. A 4.7% organic sales rise with higher critical industry activity and increased volumes at SNA Europe and at our Asia-Pacific operations. For several quarters now the C&I businesses have demonstrated sales acceleration. C&I operating margin was 13.8% flat versus 2016 with volume and RCI gains being more or less to offset by the impact of our recent acquisition. Importantly, the industrial division showed strength, broad – showed strong broad-based progress across the critical industries with most of those sectors advancing in the quarter. We believe the improving macroeconomic conditions coupled with our array of great new products and that’s solving critical path is driving those favorable results. Speaking of new products in the C&I Group, in the quarter C&I acquired Norbar Torque Tools headquartered in the UK, Norbar is a leading manufacturer of torque product offering a full range of wrenches, multipliers and calibrator that acquisition complements and expands our existing torque line by extending our range up all the way to 220,000 foot panels, more for the C&I team to sell to our customers and critical industries. Norbar offers both power torque and strong line up of manual torque multipliers. The latest in that line introduced in the second quarter is the MTMB740 compact manual torque multiplier, this tool, it features compact design with a multiplier head just 2.6 inches in diameter enabling excellent access and easy handling, while still providing 5:1 multiplication ratio up to 740-foot panels, and that’s Norbar tradition the construction is robust delivering a long life and minimal maintenance and its ideal for using tough environments like oil and gas, mining, power generation, railroad and heavy duty fleets in a range of critical industries. Now C&I has been in Torque for sometime, with our manufacturing facilities in City of Industry, California more recently with our Sturtevant Richmont acquisition and Carol Stream, Illinois producing great products, selling to automotive, aerospace and other industrial customers. And in the second quarter, our City of Industry team launched it’s ATech micro TechAngle quarter inch drive torque wrench, the smallest electronic torque wrench in the market, compact steel body, less than a foot in length and less than an inch in diameter and it weighed just under a pound. That compares with our – by comparison to our standard ATech quarter inch wrench, at 16.5 inches in length and 1.9 inches in diameter and weighing nearly 2 pound. Engine compartments they continue to get smaller and tighter with each model year limiting the access and reducing the workspace. The slim design of our new ATech allows technicians to reach fasteners that are resource obstructed, reducing the need to remove components and saving considerable time in the repair shop. And the products short overall length enables a compact swingarm. That’s very important in a tight space of modern machinery. We’re excited about the compact quarter inch ATech access and accuracy in one package, we believe it’s a clear winner and early results support that view. Now let’s speak about SNA Europe, positive trends and the uncertainty that is Europe. SNA Europe registered it’s 15th straight quarter of year-over-year sales growth and profit quarter to mark the 17th straight quarter of margin improvement defining the challenges over multiple geographies roughly four straight years of favorable performance, helping the C&I Group advance in both sales and profitability. And in the quarter Asia-Pacific operations, sales growth in countries like China and Taiwan lower volume in places like India, mixed results by country but positive result overall. C&I, turning in a promising quarter on broad gains and accelerating sales. Now onto RS&I, organic sales rose 8.3%, high single digit gains of diagnostic and repair information products, the independent repair shop owners and managers a high single digit increase with OEM dealerships and a mid single digit in advanced in undercar equipment, growth across the board. And on a reported basis, including RS&I’s $22.5 million of acquisition related sales volume grew 14.5% in the second quarter. Operating earnings of $81.9 million increased $7.4 million. The operating margin of 24.2% was down 100 basis points but that was impacted by 120 basis points of lower margin in the acquisition. The broad organic growth was strong with independent and with dealerships. And innovation and new product paved the way. From the diagnostics division, our newest handheld offering ETHOS Edge enhanced industrial design, faster response time, configure to match specifically the needs of new tech, those just starting out and working on a more routine maintenance test and light repair. The initial feedback on the ETHOS Edge is quite enthusiastic and early sales they’ve exceeded our expectation. For the OEM dealership, in the quarter RS&I introduced a new – latest version of the next brand Electronic Data Link or EDL3, it is specifically designed for the needs of agricultural repair technicians across the service network of a large OEM. This essential tool responded to a need to connect ag equipment in the field to the OEM’s diagnostic software, to access repair information in any environment Snap-on solve the problem and made it happen. The EDL3 is just one example of our essential diagnostic program aimed at OEM dealerships, and those were nice part of RS&I’s quarter. And undercar equipment, it was also up, mid single digit with particular strength internationally, solid growth in Europe and broad gains in lifts and balances, undercar equipment another positive quarter. So to wrap up RS&I, substantial achievement across the division, improving our position with repair shop owners and mangers continuing a very favorable trend. So that’s the highlights of our quarter. Tools Group lagging in sales but C&I and RS&I both recorded strong performance progress along our runways for coherent growth and clear advancement than our runways for improving. Overall sales increasing organically 2.7%, opco operating income margin of 19.9% up 80 basis points. EPS $2.60 arise of 10.2%. It was another encouraging quarter. Now I’ll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $921.4 million in the quarter increased $49.1 million or 5.6% from 2016 levels, reflecting a $23.2 million or 2.7% organic sales gain, $38.4 million of acquisition related sale and $12.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Foreign currency movements adversely impacted our Q2 sales comparisons by 150 basis points. The organic sales gain reflects ongoing progress in serving the vehicle repair sector as well as more broad based sales growth to industrial market segments in our C&I Group and more than we’ve seen in sometime. Consolidated gross margin of 50.2% improved 80 basis points, primarily due to the benefits from higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives, partially offset by 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effect. Operating expenses of $279.3 million yielded an operating expense margin of 30.3% in the quarter unchanged from year ago and sales volume leverage and other benefits were offset by 70 basis points of operating expenses or acquisition. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before financial services of $183.7 million, increased 10.4% and improved 80 basis points to 19.9%, despite the 70 basis point impact from acquisition and 20 basis point of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Financial services revenue of $77.7 million increased $8.4 million from 2016 levels, and operating earnings of $54.6 million, including $0.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased $5.1 million. Consolidated operating earnings of $238.3 million, including $4.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased 10.4%, and the operating margin of 23.9% improved 100 basis points from 22.9% a year ago. Our second quarter effective income tax rate of 30.6% compared to 31.0% last year. Finally, net earnings of $153.2 million, or $2.60 per diluted share increased $13.1 million, or $0.24 per share from 2016 levels, representing a 10.2% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now let’s turn to our segment results. Starting with C&I Group on Slide 7. Sales of $310.0 million in the quarter, increased $24.3 million, or 8.5%, reflecting a $13.3 million, or 4.7% organic sales gain, $15.9 million of acquisition-related sales, and $4.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase primarily includes a high single-digit gain in the segment’s European-based hand tools business, and a mid single-digit increase in sales to customers in critical industries, which was generally wide ranging across the industrial end markets that we serve. Gross profit at C&I Group of $120.8 million compared to $111.4 million last year and gross margin was 39% in both years. Operating expenses of $78.1 million in the quarter compared to $72.1 million last year. The operating expense margin of 25.2% was same in both years, primarily due to sales volume leverage, offset by increased costs, including higher cost for research and engineering activity, and 30 basis points of operating expenses for acquisition. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the C&I segment of $42.7 million increased $3.4 million from 2016 levels, and the operating margin was 13.8% in both the second quarters of 2017 and 2016. Turning now to Slide 8. Second quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $413.8 million decreased $2.9 million, or 0.7%, reflecting $2.1 million, or 0.5% organic sales gain and $5.0 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase reflects a double-digit gain in the international franchise operations, largely offset by a low single-digit decrease in the U.S franchise operation. Gross profit of $183.6 million in the quarter compared to $182.1 million last year. Gross margin of 44.4% improved 70 basis points, primarily due to benefits from sales of higher growth margin product and savings from our RCI initiative, partially offset by 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effect. Operating expenses of $103 million in the quarter, compared to $105.8 million last year. The operating expense margin of 24.9% improved 50 basis points, primarily due to sales volume leverage in the international franchise operations. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $80.6 million, including $3.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased $4.3 million and the operating margin of 19.5% improved 120 basis points. Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9. Second quarter sales of $338.1 million increased $42.9 million, or 14.5%, reflecting a $24.1 million, or 8.3%, organic sales gain, $22.5 million of acquisition-related sales and $3.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The organic sales increase was again comprehensive this quarter, reflecting high single-digit gains in sales OEM dealerships and in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers, as well as a mid single-digit increase in sales of undercar equipment. Gross profit of $158.6 million in the quarter compared to $137.8 million last year. And the gross margin of 46.9% improved 20 basis points. As a result of 80 basis points of benefit from acquisitions, partially offset by a shift in sales that included higher volumes of lower gross margin product. Operating expenses of $76.7 million in the quarter, compared to $63.3 million last year. The operating expense margin of 22.7% increased 120 basis points, principally due to 200 basis points of unfavorable impact from acquisitions, partially offset by benefits from sales volume leverage. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $81.9 million, including $1.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased $7.4 million from prior year level. The operating margin of 24.2% decreased 100 basis points, including a 120 basis points impact from acquisition. Now turning to Slide 10. Operating earnings from financial services of $54.6 million on revenue of $77.7 million, compared to operating earnings of $49.5 million on revenue of $69.3 million last year. Financial services expenses of $23.1 million increase $3.3 million, primarily due to changes in the size of the portfolio and an increase in the provisions for credit losses. While total provision expense of $13.4 million in the second quarter is up, $2.9 million year-over-year, it decreased slightly from $14.3 million incurred in Q1. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses were 1.2% in both the second quarters of 2017 and 2016. In the both the second quarters of 2017 and 2016, the average yield on finance receivables was 17.9%. The respected average yield on contract receivables was 9.1% and 9.3%. Total loan originations of $270.6 million in the second quarter decreased $10.4 million, or 3.7% year-over-year, due primarily to a $12.4 million, or 5.1% decline in the finance receivables originations, resulting principally from lower year-over-year tool storage sales by the Snap-on Tools Group in the second quarter. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter-end balance sheet includes approximately $1.9 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.7 billion from our U.S. operation. Approximately 82% of our U.S. financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. In the first quarter, our worldwide financial services portfolio grew $50.9 million, or 2.7%. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these are tracking somewhat higher year-over-year, but continued to be inline with our expectations in view of an appropriate risk reward balance in this segment of our business. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, the largest portion of the portfolio trailing 12-month net losses of $40.4 million represented 2.61% of outstanding to quarter-end, up 51 basis point year-over-year and 14 basis points sequentially. However, net losses related to finance receivables of $10.8 million in the second quarter sequentially improved by $0.4 million from $11.2 million in the first quarter. In addition, finance receivables more than 90 days past due stood at 0.9% of outstanding as the second quarter end, which was also a sequential improvement from 1.1% at the end of the first quarter. 60-day delinquency rate of 1.4% in our U.S. extended credit portfolio increased 30 basis points year-over-year, but remains stable compared to the first quarter. Overall, profitability in the financial services segment rose by 10.3% year-over-year, an improved $2.1 million sequentially. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $127.1 million in the quarter, decreased $35 million from comparable 2016 levels, primarily due to higher working investment partially offset by higher 2017 net earnings. During the quarter, we also elected to $15 million in the discretionary contributions into our domestic pension plan, an increase of $5 million as compared to Q2 2016. Net cash used by investing activities of $138.6 million, included additions to finance receivables of $231.8 million, partially offset by collections of $179.1 million. Capital expenditures of $15.8 million in the quarter, compared with $20.6 million last year. During the second quarter, we also acquired Norbar Torque Tool. Based in the United Kingdom, Norbar included in the C&I segment, is a leading European manufacturer of full range of torque products and has a strong present in the critical industries. Net cash used by financing activities of $23.4 million included dividend payments to shareholders of $41.1 million and the repurchase of 535,000 shares of common stock for $86.7 million under our previously announced share repurchase programs. We had saw opportunity in the quarter to step-up share repurchase and did so at higher level than usual. Year-to-date share repurchase totaled 745,000 shares for $122.5 million. These uses of cash were partially offset by a higher short-term borrowing, principally commercial paper. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $46.5 million from 2016 year-end level, including $15.4 million of foreign currency translation and $7.1 million from acquisitions. Day sales outstanding 66 days is up from 53 days at year-end including the impact of acquisition, which increase DSOs by about one day. Inventories increased $70.9 million from 2016 year-end, primarily in support continued higher customer demand and new product introductions. Foreign currency translation contributed $16.6 million of the increase, as this $4.8 million from acquisitions. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.2 compared to 3.38 year-end. Our quarter-end cash position of $89 million, increased a $11.4 million in 2016 year-end level. Our net debt-to-capital ratio was unchanged from 26.3% at 2016 year-end. In addition to our $89 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, and our current short-term credit ratings allow us access to the commercial paper markets. As of quarter-end, we had $83.5 million of commercial paper borrowing outstand. That concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance. I’ll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Snap-on second quarter Tools Group, tepid growth, but having the advantages going forward of a strong franchise network and a robust market. C&I accelerating growth, up mid single-digit, broad gains in the critical industries and the continuing upward march of SNA Europe and RS&I, another high single-digit quarter, up 8.3% organically each division contributing to that rise, confirming both the opportunities in automotive repair and our progress with repair shop owners and managers. The positives of C&I and RS&I combining to overcome the challenges in tools, making for overall organic growth of 2.7% and Snap-on Value Creation, driving improvement, customer connection, innovation in RCI, authoring margin progress again. Opco OI margins of 19.9%, a rise of 80 basis points against currency and acquisitions. And acquisition, presenting near-term margin dilution, but offering further landscapes for Snap-on Value Creation and margin improvement going forward, it was a quarter in which we saw a challenges, but overall, we overcame and demonstrated growth and improvement again. EPS of $2.60, up 10.2%. It was an encouraging quarter. And we’re confident. We’re market that our markets have the opportunity, our businesses have the position and our team has the capability to continue our ongoing positive trend and performance going forward. Now before I turn the call over to the operator, I’d speak to our franchisees and associates listening to the call. The encouraging result to the second quarter reflect your capability and your commitment, for your ongoing achievement and your commitment. For your ongoing achievements, you have my congratulation. And for your extraordinary dedication to our team, you have my thanks. Now I’ll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And we’ll now take a question from Liam Burke with FBR Capital.
Liam Burke: Thank you. Good morning, Nick. Good morning, Aldo.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Liam.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning.
Liam Burke: Nick, can you give us some color on diagnostics sales and what the innovation or new product pipeline would look like in that area of the business?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, we don’t like to give away the secrets that we’re going to rollout say at the SFC or so because we like to electrify the people who go there. I just talked to our franchisee in California who said, he likes to get the fever when he goes on the floor. So we want to have that, but look, our thermal imagers are still selling well. That still got legs, that’s the new category that’s going well. Overall in the Tools Group, the diagnostics category was up, I think mid single digits in the U.S. The U.S. numbers, have those. So if that was in part of that statement raise, and even in that we saw a destocking so it would have been up bigger without what we perceived to be destock, so you have that and then you have the ETHOS, which is the next level. We keep refreshing the platform. Remember, there are four levels of platform. ETHOS, for the entry-level tech; SOLIS for the guy who kind of worked on breaks, and there’s a whole bunch of the other little bit, more sophisticated jobs; MODIS for the guy who really works on the more complicated jobs and VERUS for the guy who works on those things that only happen on money. So we rolled out the ETHOS and we’re doing out some new wrinkles in the SFC, but the ETHOS has just come out, very early days. We have it in the script here, but that’s only been selling for a little while, but the first numbers are pretty good. It was up nicely in the second quarter.
Liam Burke: Okay. And on the Rock ‘N Roll Van, you said you were going to go back and do some things differently. What would you anticipate doing to improve the space constraints that the van drivers would have on some of the products?
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. One of the things that when we saw these results, I decided to talk to a bunch of franchisees. So in the last couple of weeks, I don’t know when we got the results, but I’d say a couple of weeks ago. Right away I met with guys from Illinois, Wisconsin, Indiana, rode some vans in Arkansas and Texas told the guys in New Hampshire, Florida and California and almost everybody said that the Rock ‘N Roll Cab had lost some of its excitement. So it’s a matter of – it’s not really the function, Liam, it’s having people get on the van and saying, oh this is something different, an experience. I want to get on the van and experience because that’s what they did before. So we’ll do stuffs like rapid differently with some of our new facilities. We’ll reorganize the tool boxes. We’ll try to put some more spiffier and stuff on in terms of the box as on the van. So I’d like to say, it’s a matter of this, when the technicians were getting on, they – they get feedback on them and they, think I saw this. Now some of the guys have bought because they look at the boxes, but other guys were kind of saying, I done that, so we’re going to try to make it a different experience, move around some of the floor plan, maybe kind of put on some a little better computer aid, things like that. So I think it’s really to change the – I want to say the cosmetics of it more than anything else, so people feel as though they’re getting a different experience.
Liam Burke: Great. Thank you, Nick.
Operator: We’ll now move to David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker: Good morning, gentlemen. How are you doing?
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, David.
David Leiker: Couple things, I’m trying to – I guess I’m trying to slice the business up a little bit to get a deeper understanding on some of the pieces. Can you talk within – first of all, you said on the tools side that the destocking. Is there way to characterize what the selloff the truck volume was during the quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look. I don’t think we want to get pinning down that variable, but what I’ll tell you is sort of like this. You think about it this way. Tool storage was down fairly significantly even off the trucks, but less so than we had, okay. So that’s why we say tool storage, the product line. We believe it needs to refresh. We need the marketing, the Rock ‘N Roll vans need something that helps and so we’re working on that. If you look at everything else, if you take everything else, like this, two type you are very familiar with this, it’s easy that the finance stuff and the RA stuff, the stuff that what we know is the stuff that the franchisee sells on his own credit like hand tools and power tools and shop and pack, and in some portions of diagnostics. That was up fairly significantly, towards the top of the ranges that we expect to see from the Tools Group. So we would have classified that it as a fairly robust quarter, looking at the sales off the van, that didn’t translate into our sales though. Our sales were quite mixed in those categories and a quite tepid. So what we – and you talk to the franchisees and what they said was it makes sense is that always July is the lowest quarter because people are getting ready. But what happened over the years is more and more the ordering is taking place in these burst. That doesn’t mean the second quarter becomes incandescent, but they’re taking place at these bursts and so I think they’ll be more aware of the need to kind of get ready for these orders. Last year, the orders in the SFC were up quite strongly in the before as well. So what’s happening is, is that they’re bleeding out – out of July into June, that’s what happened. We saw a significantly weaker tail end of June than we have seen in the past.
David Leiker: Okay. And then the other item you mentioned it couple of times in your call, obviously the topic going on in the marketplace today. Can you talk about the changes – the terms you did with your franchisees on the credit side, how frequently you make those changes, just some initial color behind that.
Nick Pinchuk: We make them pretty much every year, some kind of changes and I think since 2009 or 2010 we’ve made significant changes in most of the years, in a lot of years so that happens. What you do is you look at how people are performing. You say how is the business? How are the franchisees? Who are big active parts? You try to restructure the program so it guides them to get the best out of their opportunity, and that’s what we did. And so that had some initial impact because we identified some customers who are weaker and we said some of the franchisees are having some of the greatest results, and that’s where we strip them. So those franchisees would be focused on those guys and really couldn’t deal with them as much. Whereas other guys, we have lots of faith and we let them deal with that same category, that’s the restriking pretty much.
David Leiker: And then the last item here again on the credit side, if we could talk a little bit about, I mean you can tell by the yield that clearly, if you go back a couple of years, you took in some high-risk customers, some of that was after CIP funding the credit company. Recently, that seems to have backed off a little bit. Can you talk a little bit about what those credit losses are in the pool of high-risk customers when we’ll see those flow through the credit losses in terms of peak loss period.
Aldo Pagliari: David it’s Aldo. I think you’re seeing that now when you look at the year-over-year differences in the rate of provision and the rate of charge-offs. And I don’t think that you’re going to see a decline in those rates, so to speak, but I don’t think you’ll see an acceleration either. And I think if you look since the started of the year, there’s been rather good amount of stability, so it’s rather cut them out. So the portfolio constituents are more or less where they’re at right now, I don’t see that changing very much. I think the franchisees are always adjusting as Nick suggested to the fact and circumstances that they face on the Street each and every day, but the portfolio losses right now are more or less stable throughout the year, at least year-to-date.
David Leiker: Is that fair to say, I’m going to jump to the conclusion, but is it fair to say with that commentary that credit profile, credit risk profile, the people who are coming into the credit side on the origination side are similar to what the overall pool is today?
Aldo Pagliari: It’s a hard question to answer because you have a – you have the portfolio whose customer FICO scores are improving and the other half of the portfolio that actually might be a little bit less than improving. So if you look at the mix overall, the average FICO score of the portfolio has been rather consistent, but anything goes out, it changes overtime but not dramatically.
David Leiker: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Aldo Pagliari: Sure.
Operator: We’ll now take a question from Scott Stember with C.L. King.
Scott Stember: Good morning, guys.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning.
Scott Stember: Could you maybe talk about the timing of when comparisons in the Tools Group get a little bit easier and most considerably with regards to tool storage? And then maybe secondarily, just talk about some of these changes in the vans, make them a little bit more exciting, increasing traffic into the vans for tool storage, when that will actually start to take place? Thanks.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. Look, I don’t know. Look, I don’t think we ever think we have easy comparisons. I think we kind of look – I mean, okay. The comparisons are easier, but they’re up 0.5%. This is the best second quarter ever in terms of sales. I mean, the increase wasn’t the best, and the profitability is the best ever. So I don’t think we think in those terms. I think the question is how you are going to restart, it’s clear to us that the primary factor in the sale slim situation in tools was tool storage. So first is product. Tool storage is among the most discretionary things. You’ve got excite people they got to want it, they got to aspire to have it. We’re working the SFC will come up in early August will be launching a whole bunch of new product that the SFC to try to roll people and excite them. We tried some of that in the second quarter, some of it worked and it wasn’t enough and then the tool storage and the van, the Rock ‘N Roll Cab, there are I think 67 of them. So what we will do over the next, say, quarter, we’ll be developing – in this quarter, let’s say, we’ll be developing possibilities for the new van. We’ll probably test some of them and then we’ll roll them out whatever works best. So it will be a test period, development period, a test period and then a rollout period. And you tend to roll them out, so you should start seeing some of that as, well, I don’t know, toward the later end of the year, things like that. But first is product. The first factor is product. First factor is product.
Scott Stember: Got it. And just last question. Yes, sure, you talked about the sell-through on the vans, I guess outside of the tool storage of being relatively strong or actually to the high-end of the year, which you look for. Can you maybe just give us a flavor of how high that was? Just give a comfort level to how strong the rest of the business is doing?
Nick Pinchuk: Okay. I’d say that Snap-on should grow at 4% to 6%. I’ve said this for a dog’s age. That’s my range. So I’m talking to the end of that range. That’s the kind of thing we talk about, right? Okay.
Scott Stember: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: We will now take a question from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: Hey, good morning all.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Gary.
Gary Prestopino: A couple of questions. On the C&I Group, I think you said that you had some pretty good sell-through there in hand tools and then across various markets. But I’m wondering, were all of the markets within the C&I Group, is this one of the first times where you’ve really seen upsales year-over-year? And I’m particularly interested if some of those laggard groups like military and energy are starting to energize.
Nick Pinchuk: Look, natural resources was up. Natural resources, in general, that sort of natural resource segment was up. International aerospace, which had been a laggard, was up. We’re very pleased to see that. Military, actually, was flat. I kind of viewed that – kind of flat, it was up a little bit. I kind of view that as a positive, Gary, because the thing is military, as you know, it’s kind of lumpy and it had been dominating our quarters. So actually, last quarter was sort of the same kind of thing, we had broad growth. This time with military, not as much a factor in the growth situation. And this time, the same thing was the case. So this was a very healthy quarter and you’re seeing acceleration in industrial. C&I’s numbers, if you go back and look at them, you’ll see that we threw, four quarters ago, 1.5%, 2.4%, 3% and 4.7%. So people, if you look at this, other people have looked at the segment and say, well, there’s some deceleration. Well, this is acceleration. And so that’s pretty positive, and the nature of that’s been pretty good. And industrial has been up higher than that.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then some of the strength you’re seeing in the RS&I Group with diagnostic equipment and other equipment, I’m really more pertaining to diagnostic, do you feel that, that’s a function of really rolling out some of these newer products? And in conjunction with that, you’re starting to get some cars that are four or five years old that had maybe a higher technological content than cars that were 10 years old, flowing through in the – to the independent repair shop market?
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. There’s a – I don’t want to short change some other factors in there. But if you look at the diagnostics, it’s a great tailwind. The increasing need for diagnostics to create repair, you know it as well as I do, is that 40%, 50% of repairs on cars today require diagnostic. But new cars, that’s all the cars 11.5-year-old average car fleet, but if you look at new cars it’s 80% of the repairs. So there’s an increasing demand. You hear it in the shops when you go around. We have the best goal alternatives. So you see our new products rolling out, exciting customers, solving their problems against the backdrop of their needs, that’s partially what you’re seeing, and diagnostics was up nicely in that quarter. But I wouldn’t want to short change Mitchell, which is a purely short, purely software business, which provides repair shop management and provide repair shop – repair information, our Sure Track database with the 1 billion record that only we have of repair, shortcutting repairs. That was up big in the – nicely in the quarter. So you take those two things, I think diagnostics is in – I mean, RS&I, in general, is in a situation where the tailwinds are only intensifying and where the best game in town.
Gary Prestopino: Right, thanks. And then the last question really pertains to tool storage and you say you refreshed the product, refreshed the vans. When was the last time that you actually did something like this? And then how long after you refreshed did the sales start reinvigorating themselves?
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t know. We didn’t refresh. We launched the tool storage vans and this is – you got the first – when you launch, you probably – I think it’s fair to say we had some periods where we’re adjusting. But really, they’ve been pretty much the same since we launched like five years ago.
Gary Prestopino: Okay.
Nick Pinchuk: So we haven’t had that information in this kind of fleet. We haven’t had this kind of fleet. This was a brand new idea. You remember I said it’s the kind of idea that came to the Tools Group guys. We thought it was brilliant. It accelerated tool storage sales. But now, it’s kind run out of mojo. Now we’re still generating some sales, but franchisees are telling me that what they used to generate is now half of what they generated when they get these guys in a route, so we need to pump them up. But this is why we have managers to figure this out, that’s what we do.
Gary Prestopino: Yes. I guess, what I was getting at, Nick, is there something on the product side that you – do you refresh every five years understanding like…
Nick Pinchuk: No. No, I think we try to – what happens is, Gary, we try to roll out new product at the SFC or the kickoffs every year. This year, we’re particularly energized to do it. So you can see sales, you can see ordering pretty quickly from the franchisees. I didn’t get a feeling for that pretty quickly at how good that worked. The question is, is it going to play out into the marketplace? So there are two levels, getting the franchisees interested and then having the technicians look at it and say, "Hey, I got to have that box. I already got a box, but I got to replace mine."
Gary Prestopino: So I guess the question I would have is relative to new products or product refreshes that you bring into this annual meeting that you have. On the tool storage side, have you done more in terms of maybe intro or refreshing product than you would usually do?
Nick Pinchuk: We’re doing more and we’re certainly going to do more in tool storage at the SFC this year than we have been in the past. So think about the SFC though, no matter how much the SFC orders are, remember, they’re ordering for like six months, so it doesn’t happen immediately, right? Okay. But we’re doing more. Sure, this is the whole thing. We think the product line is weak. If it’s not doing, we got to pump it up.
Gary Prestopino: Okay, thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Gary.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from David MacGregor from Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Just a few questions here for you. Nick, could you just talk about the destocking in the extent to which that may be related to some of the changes you made in the credit business?
Nick Pinchuk: We don’t think it’s that. We think the credit is – while the destocking is something completely different. The destocking is, we think – I think I try to – this is my view, David, is that, look, and I think it’s our view here. There are two factors we’re talking about on the Tools Group, destocking and the weakness in tool storage. Destocking is a completely different thing. The destocking is there driven by the size of the orders that are occurring in the SFC and the feeling that our people want to clear the decks. This is happening in every product line, not just tool storage. So from our perspective, that’s not really a factor there. If you come back to the tool storage sales, you could argue – and I think I did say that it’s a tertiary effect, so we don’t believe it’s the primary driver. But re-striping had some initial effect on this, for sure, but we don’t think it’s the primary driver when we look at the numbers.
David MacGregor: Okay. Second question is on margins in the tools segment, which were pretty darn good. I guess, could you just talk about the strength at 19.5%, I guess given the flat top line, then how we should think about your ability to maintain this level of margin progression heading into the second half of the year?
Nick Pinchuk: I think a couple of things are in there. The first is that if you go back and you look at our numbers, it’s not – if you look at our numbers by division, it’s not unusual to see that kind of growth. It isn’t necessarily directly proportional to the volume. I mean, we have RCI products and new products that rollout that are a lot more, a lot more capable and a lot more value, and therefore, higher margins as they rollout to the industry. So it really plays out how long those new products and how many new ones we rollout, and how effective they are. And then in this particular – so in this quarter, in that area, we have things like the PT850. I think I talked about it last time, our new half inch impact wrench, very, very popular product. In the atmosphere of tepid sales, that one sold very well, nice margins. I talked about the long handle ratchet’s that have the flex heads and were – gave great leverage and also gave great access, that sold better than – great margins. And these margins transformed our categories in terms of margins. What happened in the destocking in a lot of situation is some of the more standard and core product didn’t sell as much because they were products that we’re already on the van. And so that was, perhaps, lower margin so it’s skews the thing towards there. And then we had good leverage in the way our businesses were stronger internationally than they were in the U.S. and the compensation in the international is a little bit different. So we tend to get a little bit more leverage and drop through volume leverage out of the volume, so that’s what made for that. I think it’s hard to say what the sustainability is of this, but we believe, I’ve said this over and over and over and over again, that we believe we can drive margins up, absent volume increases. And if you look at our numbers, 19.9% ain’t chopped liver. It’s our highest ever. And so you go back and you look at this quarter, for example, this quarter is very similar to last 20 quarters, 9 quarters were similar to this and we grew 100 basis points or more. So I really believe maybe the 19.5% isn’t sustainable every quarter, but it’s an indication we can reach that level and we keep going off those levels, that’s our history.
David MacGregor: Just a couple of quick follow-ups here. The storage growth, I don’t want to beat this thing to death, but Aldo, in his discussion, the originations mentioned that there have been $12.5 million decline in the originations related to storage, 5.1%. Is that a good proxy for how we should think about the extent to which storage was down year-over-year?
Nick Pinchuk: No. Storage is down more than that.
David MacGregor: Can you quantify that for us?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, storage is down double digits. I don’t want to get confused here because I spoke probably for the first time on this call about sales off the van. Don’t get confused about sales off – I’m talking about our sales. Storage was down double digits. And so that played out into a different lower originations. But remember, in originations, originations are the franchisee sales. Their storage was down but not as much. And then you also have in that, you have other products like diagnostic units and other things like that so it’s hard to make that characterization. But I just thought tool storage was painful.
David MacGregor: Yes. Last questions just on the originations. With originations maybe set to go through kind of a negative growth pattern here for at least the foreseeable future. This would presume that you got a little bit more cash, sort of discretionary use of free cash flow. You were jacking up your share repurchase activity this quarter, which was good to see. Do we expect to see that pattern maintain going forward? Do you sort of lean a little harder into the repurchase as use of cash?
Nick Pinchuk: No. I think we’re always discussing the use of cash and we’ve always said, I think, that you have investment in your business and you have acquisitions and you have dividend, and of course share repurchase is part of that. So we always consider that in the context of the cash availability, the authorizations we have from the board and the attractiveness of the pricing.
David MacGregor: Thanks Nick.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hi, good morning guys. A question on the destocking discussion. I guess the franchisees have a minimum balance requirement anyhow. How close does the average franchisee runs to minimum balance? I mean how much more potential for destocking is there? Or are we really sort of out of – are we going to find some base relatively soon?
Nick Pinchuk: Look, I think this, I think we’re going to see destocking through July then they’re going to come up to the SFC. This destocking, I don’t think – it wasn’t – I don’t think it was driven so much by people saying, I got too much inventory. It was driven more by the idea, that the ordering patterns are migrating toward big orders – more toward big orders at the buy, twice a year events. And they order these things because they, like I said, the franchisers get on the floor and they get the fever and are able to – for the first time, touch the product and they order the packages, they see the new product and they tend to order more and these things get delivered for like six, eight months after that. So the lower they are – the better – the more stabilized they are going into that, they’re starting to realize, the better off they’re to manage that six, eight month delivery pattern that they’ve signed up for when they go into these places. That’s was happening so there’s a little bit more ordering happening at the big events and less maybe on whatever the monthly events are. We have monthly events and so, I think, that’s what you’re saying. And because the SFC has been sold, I think that’s what I’m hearing because the SFC has been sold successful, people are bringing it down. I don’t think they’re thinking that, oh, I’m joking on inventory.
Bret Jordan: Okay. I guess in your inventory, you talked about growth around new programs and future customer demand. Can you talk about the categories that you’re growing? Is this RS&I inventory that you’re building up because you’re seeing so much strength there? Or just some increase in your inventory, as you seen a little bit of destock but you’re building inventory with expectation as they’ve tick it up in the current quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. The answer is for both of those. Look, I think we saw it some destock, but we’re kind of confident that – as the SFC rolls out, that inventory is going to be quite useful that’s we’re building toward. The RS&I business, hey, it’s smoking. It went well. I mean, the thing is in RS&I, in some cases, we can sell – we want to have inventory because we have quite good demand and even in the Tools Group, really. I mean, we sold – I believe, we sold every PT850 we could build this quarter. So I mean, the thing is you do have this kind of things, so we’re happy to have some inventory going to the SFC for that kind of thing.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then on the last call, we talked about – I’m running a special sort of tool color program that was going to drive incremental demand. Have we’ve rolled that out yet? Or is that something that coming in the current quarter around this big event?
Nick Pinchuk: No, no. We’ve rolled it out and it worked, but didn’t have enough effect. We rolled out a special call and we had a couple of split with top boxes, with the couple of minor changes. We did it as quick as we could because we – second quarter, we weren’t quite ready for it. So we rolled that out and it worked pretty well. It was a purple box. Now, we have a number of different things like different mechanisms for the box, different power configurations for different product lines, different in array of more colors that come out in like an SFC. So it’s a much more comprehensive thing.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And a housekeeping question for Aldo. On corporate expense, I think a couple of years ago, I think you guys have given some a range of guidance like 90 to 100 and we keep coming in below that. Should I think about future corporate expense being closer to what we’re seeing this quarter? Or does that whole guide still hold?
Aldo Pagliari: I think the guide holds, Bret, for this year we’re trending towards the low end of that range, so 90 is about a good target. The reason we have made a little bit the progress this quarter is every second quarter, we true up our pension calculations working with our actuaries. We got a little bit of good news and it’s accounts for most of the year-over-year improvement this quarter, when it comes to that. And then as you go forward, you don’t have the quite benefit of that one-time adjustment. So anyway, corporate expenses trend and may be more towards 90-ish.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. I thanks a lot guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks, good morning. On the – taking credit a little during the quarter, saw that in originations in tool storage, I think there is probably a relationship there. Would we expect a bigger impact in the third quarter with the full period of the tighter credit practices?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, you’ll have – I think we have two months worth in this quarter. You’ll have three months then. On the other hand, you’re offsetting that. Anytime you make a change in credit, people tend to be take a little time to try to understand the new rules more with more clarity. This is just a fact. So I don’t know. You could because you got one more month. On the other hand, you’ll have people operating with more clarity. So I’m not so sure. In any case, we don’t expect the huge impact.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And on the inventory, it sounds like your sort of we anticipating a tail-off of that. Do you think that the tools growth rate has probably put in a bottom here?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I can never comment. I hate to do that because many times, I’ve been humiliated by saying I thought that things were over, but look, we’re not – this is a very slim quarter for the Tools Group, but I know they’re going to work pretty hard to try to energize this tool storage business and we think the market is strong. So we’ll see how that plays out. I guess, I can’t make any predictions, but I think this is what we do. We revitalize products. We change marketing. This is the kind of thing that Tools Group does and over the years, we’ve been pretty good at it. So I’m confident in them. But I can’t make any predictions on a quarter-to-quarter basis. That’s difficult to say. I’m pretty confident. So that the Tools Group is over time is at – in that range of 4% to 6%, I’m very confident of that.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, thanks. And last one, I was going to ask about to Aldo, how long things that might cycle through this sort of increasing trend of charge-offs? But it sounded, Aldo, like you thought that trend is kind of matured at this juncture.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes. I think the kind of level of charge-offs and provisioning we’re seeing right now will be reflective of what we’ll likely see in the second half. You never know what certainty, of course, but like I said, the movement among the credit companies portfolios have been rather stable at this point in time. So we will go back through the level of provisions and what we had a year or so ago, probably not. At the same time, I don’t see it accelerating.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the conference back to Ms. Kratcoski for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, Anna and thanks, everyone for joining us today. A replay of the call will be available later on snapon.com, and as always, we appreciate your interest in the company. Good day.
Operator: And once again, that does concludes today’s conference. And we thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie Kratcoski – Vice President-Investor Relations Nick Pinchuk – Chief Executive Officer Aldo Pagliari – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Christopher Glynn – Oppenheimer David MacGregor – Longbow Research Liam Burke – Wunderlich Scott Stember – C.L. King & Associates Tom Hayes – Northcoast Research Joe Vruwink – Baird Bret Jordan – Jefferies Richard Hilgert – Morningstar
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2017 First Quarter Results Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, Laurie and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on’s first quarter results, which are detailed on our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on’s Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provide some closing thoughts, we’ll take your questions. As usual, we’ve provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab and the webcast viewer, as well as on our website, snapon.com, under investor information. These slides will be archived on our website, along with the transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I’d now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I’ll start the call by covering the highlights of our first quarter. Along the way, we’ll look at results, the markets, the progress we’ve made and I’ll give you a perspective on what we believe it all means. Then Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financial. We believe that our first quarter has convincing confirmation of Snap-on’s ability to continue its trajectory of positive results to overcome period to period variations from business-to-business to offset macroeconomic headwinds and to still keep advancing along our runways for both growth and improvement. Our reported sales in the quarter of $887.1 million were up 6.3%, including $29.1 million in acquisition related sales, partially offset by $9.6 million in unfavorable foreign exchange. Organic sales growth was 4.1%, with increases registered by every group. Those gains together with continued contributions from Snap-on Value Creation Processes, the principles we use every day, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and Rapid Continuous Improvement or RCI, combined offer another encouraging quarter. Our EPS was $2.39, up 10.6% from last year’s $2.16. The increase includes an opco operating margin of 19.1%, 50 basis points higher than last year and that rise overcame a 50 basis points unfavorable impact from acquisitions. When you combine those current opco gains with earnings of $52.5 million from the financial services, it brings Snap-on’s consolidated operating margin to 23%, up from the 22.5% in 2016. Now let me pause here to note that these acquisitions may be margin attenuators at this point, but they’re actually landscapes that are fertile ground for Snap-on Value Creation. As we go forward, they’re actually great opportunities to achieve margin improvement – margin growth. Now let’s look at the markets. We believe the auto repair market remains relatively robust. The Tools Group, organic sales growth somewhat lower than in previous quarters, but still positive, solving technician problems and making our franchise network more prosperous and more powerful. And in the Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I group, another vehicle repair business, encouraging strength in the quarter, expanding Snap-on’s presence in the garage, capitalizing on a broader product line. Within innovative new tools like the digital thermal imager and new acquisitions like Car-O-Liner, all leading to growth in independent repair shops as well as OEM dealerships across the group. C&I, the businesses that served critical industries, a wide range of industries and is the most international of our groups. And in the quarter, the results showed progress despite some challenged industrial sectors and some troubled geographies, and critical industries improvement in the natural resources segment overcoming the continuing economic turbulence in places like the Middle East and the impact on our international aviation business. At SNA Europe, mid-single-digit growth with strength in places like the UK, Spain, France, Italy, and the Nordic region, mitigating difficulties in Eastern Europe. And from our Asia Pacific division, solid increases in key countries like China and India. So overall, I described our C&I markets is improving. Challenges still exist, but we took advantage of the opportunities that were available, and we’re encouraged by our advancements in the quarter. And those activities, together with our auto repair related businesses combined to drive overall progress along our runways for growth, enhancing the Van network, expanding the repair shop owners and managers extending to critical industry, building an emerging market. Advancements leveraging our widening product line and increasing our understanding of work, growth and critical sectors and important geographies. That’s an overview of the markets. Now let’s talk about the segments. In the C&I Group, organic sales were up 3%, with mid-single-digit growth in European hand tools business and low-single-digit rise in volume to our customers in critical industries. From an earnings perspective, C&I operating income was $41.6 million representing an operating margin of 13.9%, a decrease of 40 basis points, which reflects higher investment spending for product development and engineering activities in that group. As part of C&I, we remain committed to extending in critical industries and we’ll keep strengthening our position to capture new business opportunities in those areas as they arise. Along those lines, we’ve seen some recent gains with natural resources customers, helped by our line of innovative new products, designed especially to make work easier in that uniquely challenging Industrial setting. Oil and gas can be tough, we have the products. One example is our collection of Snap-on 3/8” drive torque adapters, manufactured in our Elizabethton, Tennessee plant. It’s a new product family, used in applications where access is difficult and precision is critical, and natural resources in mining on a variety of large earth moving equipments. Produced from special high alloy steel, precision-forged and especially heat-treated, these tools have a double hex 12-point that allows fasteners to be engaged every 30 degrees instead of the standard every 60 degrees, a feature that provides better angles for grip and easier operation in restricted areas. The adapter length, crucial for measuring torque is very precise and it’s etched on the tool for easy reference. The new torque adapter family is a great addition to our lineup and it fills a vital need for our critical industry customers. Now I already mentioned SNA Europe’s mid-single-digit organic sales growth. That progress was broad based across the landscape and including some, what I would say were fairly difficult regions and countries. SNA Europe’s positive trend to performance now extends 14 straight quarters with year-over-year sales growth, and actually include 16 straight quarters of margin improvement. It’s quite a record in a region that’s marked by so much uncertainty. Now on to the Tools Group. Organic sales up 2.5%, the operating margin was 17.2% – the operating margin of 17.2% was up 60 basis points versus the 16.6% recorded last year, and that’s despite 70 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency. Let me say that again. 17.2%, up 60 basis points against 70 basis points of unfavorable currency. The Tools volume story simply put our Techno-Vans keep – kept coming – our Techno-Vans kept coming, but the Rock ‘N Roll vans cabs were less effective and that big-ticket combination was less favorable than usual. We do believe however, that this runway for coherent growth, enhancing the franchise channel remains very strong and there’s evidence of that strength of an ongoing positive trajectory across the Van channel. And our franchise metrics, the important financial and physical indicators that we monitor them very closely and again, this quarter, they remain favorable. There’s also a testimony in our direct interactions with the franchisees, at events like this year’s kickoff meetings, held all over the network. At the very recent meetings with the National Franchisee Advisory Council and at separate interactions with individual franchisees, all of these have been marked by enthusiasm and optimism. Our franchisees, all of them, entrepreneurs and professionals are confident in reaching higher and optimistic regarding the upcoming opportunities and some of that enthusiasm rests on a new product that’s rolling out to drive new excitement. For example, the great addition to our tool lineup is the Snap-on [indiscernible] 3/8” drive ratchet. Again, manufactured in Elizabethton, Tennessee, comes with a flexible head, extra long handle, better access in tight automotive applications and additional leverage within those that’s what the long handles for, additional leverage within those cramped spaces. It’s got a sealed head to keep lubricants in and contaminants out, and that bodes a longer life. And of course, it includes the Snap-on’s patent. Our patented Dual 80 technology, featuring 80 teeth gear for minimum swing arch, and dual pawls for strength. You put this 80 teeth together, small swing and the arch, dual pulls make it strong, you got the long handle for leverage, a design for flexibility, strength and compact operation. We believe we’ve got a great hand tool in our new 3/8" extra-long flex head ratchet. And you heard me talk about hit products before. It will be one of this year’s hit products. We’re also rolling out a new tool storage program. A brand-new color, striking trim options, some great new promotions, we all know that tool storage activity thrives on excitement while our new package is aimed at creating that buzz and it’s based on early reactions, it’ll do the job. Also just recently launched was the Snap-on PT850 1/2” drive impact wrench. It’s a signature product, a top-of-the-line pneumatic offering that is a power of MG725, but providing more enhanced balance for comfort and control and durability. Comfort in a lighter weight package, better grip positioning for improved balance with ergonomic improvements to reduce fatigue when you’re using it all day. Control, a compact design with a favorable trigger for applying the right torque for the job. Easy to control, even while wearing gloves in the shop. And durability, two-piece housing with an aircraft grade aluminum nose, solid steel impact mechanism, forged steel frame and hammers and a precision cast, hard coated aluminum cylinder. That’s going to last for a long time. Made in our Murphy, North Carolina facility, a new Snap-On PT850 1/2” drive impact, this is a great wrench, power, comfort, control and durability. These are the features our customers want in the power tool and early sales confirm that this tool is right on target. Now let’s speak of RS&I. First quarter organic sales rose 7.8%, with high single-digit gains registered pretty much across the board with diagnostics and information product independent shop with the business focused on OEM dealers and with undercar equipment. And on a reported basis, RS&I’s $21.3 million acquisition-related and are reported basis including the group’s, the RS&I’s group $21.3 million of acquisition-related sales. First quarter volume rose 14.3% compared to last year. Operating earnings of $78.7 million increased $9.7 million from 2016, and operating margin of 24.7% was flat with last year, but with strong volume and RCI improvement, offsetting 140 basis points of negative impacts from the acquisitions. As I said before, fertile ground for margin improvement. We’re clearly seeing the potential of our runways for growth in the RS&I group, expanding Snap-on’s presence in the garage with coherent acquisitions providing greater reach like in collision repair in Car-O-Liner’s and new – really new capabilities and products for our team and they can wield them. RS&I’s organic growth in the quarter was broad. It was broad based across every division. I just mentioned the progress with independent shop owners, and those gains were clearly evident in the ongoing success of our powerful MODIS Edge handheld and the spread of the digital thermal imager. It’s becoming an essential product for top-flight mechanics. The rise can also – that rise, that gain can also be seen in our latest software release, which not only contains expanded new model coverage, but also incorporates additions like motorcycle information and enhanced key fob reprogramming. It’s sold quite well and it’s fortified our advantage in our clear advantage in comprehensive repair, people repair information. For undercar equipment, sales were up high single-digits. Contributing to that increase was RS&I’s introduction of the smart speed tire changer, the new unit – this new unit incorporates Snap-on’s proprietary and patented technology to minimize floor to floor or tech time needed to mount a tire. A big factor in shops was handling a lot of tires, and there and are quite a few of those high-volume locations. You can see them everywhere. Tires are more sophisticated and more difficult to change than ever. Low profile tires for example, make up 25% of the market and are growing and their rigid construction makes them more susceptible to handling damage and require much more – they require much more care during the tire changing process. Our smart speed systems eliminate a great deal of that risk. It continuously monitors the power to the motor and automatically selects the turntable speed at which the motor has the correct amount of torque, that mount the tire without harm and in the fastest time. We often speak of customer connection activities and observation in the workplace, gaining insights to make work easier for our customers. Well, repair shop owners and managers are continually seeking the highest possible throughput. We observe that tire damage by torque mismatch is a big contributor to delay in those shops. So for owners and managers, the smart speed tire changer that matches that torque to the tire, makes life easier and saves time and saves money. It’s a great addition to the equipment line and initial customer feedback has been quite enthusiastic, really enthusiastic. Finally, RS&I got a real boost in the quarter by the increased activity from OEM dealerships, up high single-digits, driven in particular by several significant essential diagnostic and essential tool programs for large automotive, heavy duty trucks and agricultural OEMs. It appears as though the focus on repair across the industry continues to be robust. So those are the highlights of the quarter, overcoming headwinds, continued progress, organic sales rising 4.1%, gains that change through our Snap-on Value Creation Processes, strengthening our businesses and driving to its 19.1% opco operating margin up 50 basis points overcoming the acquisition, and EPS of $2.39, up 10.6%. It was an encouraging quarter. Now let’s turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $887.1 million in the quarter increased $52.9 million or 6.3% from 2016 levels, reflecting a $33.4 million or 4.1% organic sales gain, $29.1 million of acquisition related sales and $9.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Foreign currency movements adversely impacted our Q1 sales comparisons by 130 basis points. The organic sales gain reflects continued progress in serving the vehicle repair sector as well as further recovery in sales to Industrial market segments in our C&I Group. Consolidated gross margin of 50.5% improved 70 basis points, primarily due to the benefits from higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $278.5 million yielded an operating expense margin of 31.4% in the quarter, an increase of 20 basis points as operating expenses for acquisitions and unfavorable foreign currency effects were partially offset by benefits from sales volume leverage. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before financial services of $169.5 million, increased 9.1% and as a percentage of sales, improved 50 basis points to 19.1%. The operating margin of 19.1% in the quarter reflects a 50 basis point impact from acquisitions and 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Financial services revenue of $76.8 million increased 10.5% from 2016 levels, and operating earnings of $52.5 million, including $0.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased $5.5 million. Consolidated operating earnings of $222 million, including $4.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased 9.7%, and the operating margin of 23% improved 50 basis points from 22.5% a year ago. Our first quarter effective income tax rate of 30.7% compared to 31% last year. Finally, net earnings of $141.6 million, or $2.39 per diluted share increased $13.3 million, or $0.23 per share from 2016 levels, representing a 10.6% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now let’s turn to our segment results. Starting with C&I Group on Slide 7. Sales of $298.7 million in the quarter, increased $11.7 million, or 4.1%, reflecting an $8.6 million, or 3% organic sales gain, $7.8 million of acquisition-related sales, and $4.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The $8.6 million organic sales increase primarily includes a high mid single-digit gain in the segment’s European-based hand tools business, and a low single-digit increase in sales to customers in critical industries, with improving sales trends in the natural resources segment. Gross profit in the C&I Group of $116.6 million compared to $110.5 million last year. The gross margin of 39% improved 50 basis points, primarily due to favorable foreign currency effects partially offset by a 10 basis points impact from acquisitions. Operating expenses of $75 million in the quarter compared to $69.4 million last year. The operating expense margin of 25.1% increased 90 basis points primarily due to increased cost including higher cost for research and engineering activities and 20 basis points of operating expenses for acquisitions. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the C&I segment of $41.6 million including $0.9 million of favorable foreign currency effects increased $0.5 million from 2016 levels, the operating margin of 13.9% decrease in that 40 basis points from 14.3% last year. Turning now to Slide 8. First quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $409.4 million increased $6.9 million, or 1.7%, reflecting a $10.1 million, or 2.5% organic sales gain and $3.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The $10.1 million organic sales increase reflects higher sales in both the U.S. and international franchise operations. Gross profit of $177.1 million in the quarter compared to $173.2 million last year. Gross margin of 43.3% improved 30 basis points, primarily due to benefits from higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives, partially offset by 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $106.8 million in the quarter were essentially flat for 2016 levels. The operating expense margin of 26.1% improved 30 basis points primarily due to sales volume leverage. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $70.3 million, including $3.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased $3.6 million. And the operating margin of 17.2% improved 60 basis points. Turning to the RS&I Group, shown on Slide 9. First quarter sales of $318.8 million increased $40 million, or 14.3%, reflecting a $21.6 million, or 7.8%, organic sales gain. $21.3 million of acquisition related sales, and $2.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The 7.8% organic sales increase was broad based primarily reflecting high single-digit gains in both sales of undercar equipment and sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers, as well as a high single-digit increase in sales to OEM dealerships. Gross profit of $154.3 million in the quarter compared to $131.6 million last year. And the gross margin of 48.4% improved 120 basis points, primarily due to the benefits from higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives, and 70 basis points of benefit from acquisitions. Operating expenses of $75.6 million in the quarter compared to $62.6 million last year. The operating expense margin of 23.7% increased 120 basis points principally due to 200 basis points of unfavorable impact from acquisitions, partially offset by benefits from sales volume leverage. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $78.7 million, including $1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased $9.7 million from prior year levels. The operating margin of 24.7% was unchanged from last year, despite 140 basis points of the impact from acquisitions. Now, turning to Slide 10. Operating earnings from financial services of $52.5 million on revenue of $76.8 million compared to operating earnings of $47 million on revenue of $66.3 million last year. Financial services expenses of $24.3 million in increased $5 million, primarily due to changes in both the size of the portfolio and in the provisions for credit losses. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses of 1.3% in the quarter compared to 1.2% last year. The average yield on finance receivables of 18.0% in the quarter was up slightly from 17.9% last year, and the average yield on contract receivables of 9.3% compared to 9.5% last year. Originations were $264.6 million in both the first quarters of 2017 and 2016. Moving to slide 11. Our quarter-end balance sheet includes approximately $1.86 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.63 billion from our U.S. operations. Approximately 82% of our U.S. financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. In the first quarter, our worldwide financial services portfolio grew $48.7 million, or 2.7%. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these are tracking somewhat higher year-over-year, but continued to be in line with our expectations in view of an appropriate risk reward balance in this segment part of our business. Additionally, the 60-day delinquency rate in the U.S. extend the credit portfolio improved by 20 basis points in line with typical seasonality. Overall, profitability in the financial services segment rose by 11.7% in the quarter, primarily as a result of our year-over-year growth in the portfolio. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operations of $192.4 million in the quarter, increased $50.8 million from comparable 2016 levels, primarily due to higher 2017 net earnings, $14.9 million of proceeds related to the settlement of a treasury lock, and changes in other operating activities, including $5 million of lower discretionary contributions to our U.S. pension plan to year-over-year. Net cash used by investing activities of $81.7 million included additions to finance receivables of $227 million, partially offset by collections of $173.8 million. Capital expenditures of $18.6 million in the quarter compared to $19.5 million last year. During the first quarter, we also acquired BTC Global Limited for $9.2 million, based in the United Kingdom, BTC designed an implements automotive vehicle inspection and management software for OEM franchise repair shops and has been included in the Repair Systems & Information Group. Net cash used by financing activities of $66.6 million included the January 2017 repayment of $150 million of notes at maturity and $135.7 million net decrease in other short-term borrowings. In the quarter, the company also received $297.8 million of net proceed from the February issuance of $300 million of 3.25% unsecured long-term notes. The proceeds of which were use to repay commercial paper borrowings with the remainder to be used for general corporate purposes. Dividend payments to shareholders totaled $41.2 million in the quarter, and the company repurchase 210,000 shares of its common stock $35.8 million under its previously announced share repurchase programs. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $9.3 million from 2016 year-end levels, largely due to $8.4 million of foreign currency translation. Day sales outstanding 63 days was unchanged from year-end. Inventories increased $26.3 million from 2016 year-end, primarily in support continued higher customer demand and new product introductions. Foreign currency translation contributed $8.5 million of the increase. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.3X were unchanged from 2016 year- end levels. Our quarter-end cash position of $123 million, increase $45.4 million from 2016 year-end levels. Our net debt to capital ratio of 24.7% compared with 26.3% to 2016 year-end. In addition to $123 million of cash, and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, and our current short-term credit ratings allow us access to the commercial paper markets. As of quarter-end, we had no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. I’ll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, that’s our first quarter. C&I with organic growth of 3%; OI margin, 13.9. SNA Europe, continuing its bellwether trends, sales up, profits up again industrial, critical industries coming back with broader gain. Tools up 2.5% organically, OI margin of 17.2%, up 60 basis points against the currency headwind of 70 basis points. RS&I Organic sales up 7.8% with increases across this customer base, each of its customer base. OI margin of 24.7% flat versus last year, but with RCI and volume offsetting 140 basis points of acquisition impact. It all added up to an overall organic growth of 4.1% and opco OI margin of 19.1% up 50 basis points against 50 basis points of impact from acquisitions. And an overall EPS of $2.39 up 10.6%, it was an encouraging quarter, achieved against headwinds and variation. And we believe as we’ve said for some number of quarters that we’re well positioned to continue that trend. Great new products are entering the mix, aimed at customer needs and customer excitement, all drivers of progress along our runways for growth. And Snap-on Value Creation continues to drive our runways for improvement. And now, we have new landscape for our acquisitions, providing expanded possibilities for further margin improvement. We believe we have abundant opportunity for both growth and improvement. And we believe we possess the capabilities and the intent to take full advantage and continue our positive trend going forward to 2017 and beyond. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I’m going to – I’d like to speak to our franchisees and associates. I know many of you are listening. The encouraging quarter we’re announcing today reflects unique skill and commitments. For all your many contributions to our progress, you have my congratulations. And for all your extraordinary dedication to our team, you have my thanks. Now turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instruction] We’ll take our first question from Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks good morning.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning
Christopher Glynn: Yes, just with the Tools Group, you’ve had some deceleration recently, but the comparisons were pretty tough in the first quarter, and it starts to get a little easier. So right now, you’re a little bit below what I think you’d call normalized. Is there a reversion that based on the comparisons that you expect?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look. We always say that we expect the 4% to 6% growth for our divisions and there could be variations from quarter-to-quarter. We never necessarily predict the reversion based on comparisons. This particular one was a difficult comparison that you said, I think the better thought is, look, we feel pretty confident about the new products we’re rolling out. We’re kind of pumped about the whole idea of the long handle ratchet and the new tool storage program and color and the excitement that will generate and the idea of the PT850 half inch impact, which is a signature tool, and everybody loves it. We like those. And so at the end of the day, it comes down to product, and we’re kind of optimistic about that, that’s what I’ll say.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, and then any update on franchisees, inventories and sell through against contracted sales to franchisees.
Aldo Pagliari: No, I’d say the – we’re in line with franchisee movements more or less. There’s always some variation in the inventory levels, but pretty much in line and reflective of our sales.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, and that moves from time to time. That goes quarter-to-quarter, the franchisee sales particularly match ours. It really depends on how we’re feeling in the programs and so on.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then with the originations and sort of a flattening trend, but portfolio continues to grow, can you talk about any trend of restructuring or re-aging the loans and how you view that?
Aldo Pagliari: We don’t restructure the loans. I mean, the loans stand by themselves and the originations, I think, largely reflect the pattern of what’s being demanded in that channel and as Nick has mentioned earlier, our tool storage, which is the most popular product to be originated on the contract was not as robust the quarter in that regard.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, great. And then just, do you have any data on the net charge-offs and the ending allowance?
Aldo Pagliari: Yes, they were up slightly. If you look at it year-over-year, but stable and actually on a sequential basis, we saw a bit of improvement over all. So again, somewhat stable trends in line what our expectations.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes.
Christopher Glynn: Okay thanks guys
Aldo Pagliari: Sure
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning
David MacGregor: Yes. Good morning, Nick. A lot of good things this quarter. I wanted to just – I wanted to ask you about the storage and I’m just trying to get a sense of what’s going on there with your assessment of the negative growth in storage. Is this demand easing? curtailed to credit availability with respect to this category?
Nick Pinchuk: No, I don’t think it’s any of that. Sorry, I don’t think actually, I don’t think it’s any of that. I mean, there always can be factors, from time to time. My assessment is first of all, tool storage has been growing a longtime. This quarter even though with the down, it’s one of our top 10 quarters ever still in tool storage. But having said that, now we’ve had two quarters of tool storage less than robust positioning, and we conclude, maybe it needs a little more excitement, maybe – at the end of the day, these are product-driven. And you roll out a product and some – if some of them are singles and doubles and some are home runs. And when we look at the tool storage in general, you might be tempted to say that we look at the tool storage offering across the network. It’s down in 4 to 5 places where we have vans, and they aren’t affected by any of those things that you’re talking about, if you observe those markets over the years, they wouldn’t be affected by, let’s say, credit or so much by credit or by saturation. And so we conclude the tool storage line up just need a little goosing. So that’s why I’m talking about this new program rolling out, new colors and so on. It’s as simple as that, I think.
David MacGregor: As there been any change in the number of Rock ‘N Roll Cap Expresses on the road?
Nick Pinchuk: No, we haven’t change them. So that’s another thought. I mean – but we – I tend to think it’s for our – it’s – this tends to be – there is a lot of factors, David. And of course, everything I say isn’t true everywhere. But the thing is, I think if you look across the networking and you see the behavior of tool storage and when it happens for two – for more than one quarter, it starts to get your attention. We say, "Hey, let’s accelerate a little goosing." And that’s what we’re doing. And so I think that’s what we’ve encoded in the tool storage situation. It’s not been ticked because diagnostics is rolling. Diagnostics is having a great quarter, had a great quarter, another great quarter. So that isn’t it. It isn’t the big ticket situation, just – and you see it from time to time. It doesn’t show up so clearly, but when we look at it at a granular level, we see positives and singles and doubles and triples.
David MacGregor: I want to ask you about the acquisitions because hit you finally you got a lot of margin up side there, I guess I was going to ask you if you could just quantify your best guess on what the margin upside is? Do these acquisitions get back to kind fled average margins? Or could they surpass that? What’s the upside?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I don’t really want to speculate on that. All I know is we ought to moving them upwards. You’ve got a year where they come in. You kind of have a year where they start to – their comparing to the year before where they weren’t in the number, but then after that given you Snap-on Value Creation and so on, you expect to have that effect, start moving them upwards. And I don’t know where the upside is I mean you got Car-O-Liner is there which is a kind of equipment level business, which is at the bottom of RS&I’s – OI margin. Remember, RS&I is a variance of several thousand basis points. And so OI margins and equipment is at a sort of bottom end of that because it’s hardware-based. And Car-O-Liner starts out a little bit lower than that. We think we got a lot of upside in those businesses. And so – but I wouldn’t want to quantify it. I am just happy to get a good chunk every year.
David MacGregor: Did I hear you correctly?
Nick Pinchuk: No limits to the upside.
David MacGregor: Did I hear you correctly that it takes about a year to integrate but that for a year you – they should not be…
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t mean integrate. I don’t mean integrate. I just mean that’s the arithmetic. In other words, if you have a lower margin business and you’re comparing to the year, the year before, you don’t have it in your numbers in the year before. So it stands out like a sore thumb. It’s a variance. And then when you – so you don’t – it might be less impact for the next quarter even if it gets better and less impactful, but it’s still going to be dilutive for a couple of quarters. But then, you start to have comparisons where it’s in the base, and you see your improvements standout visibly still that mean.
David MacGregor: Yes, absolutely. You got a very good free cash flow storage your acquisitions become a more predominant part of the growth as we go forward from here?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think we’ve always said that we’re going to acquire along our runways for growth, and we have a sort of a list of acquisitions we’re reviewing constantly. I think acquisitions – I wouldn’t necessarily think they’re going to become more a greater part of the growth, but we’re constantly reviewing them and you can see us take advantage when the opportunities are there.
David MacGregor: Last question is just, how do you promote growth of a second associate on the truck, when all those trucks where you do have a second associates, it seems like your getting superior growth to those that don’t have it. How do you incent your franchisees?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think it’s stuff like – it’s – we do two things, one is we try to make sure that there’s a sharing of best practices is that at colloquial meaning like the kickoffs, like the NFAC people are representatives, and they’ll go back and share it with their regions. And then of course, at the SFC, the Snap-on franchisee conference were pretty much all of them come, we try to make sure we trumpet the effects of those things and talk about and provide seminars on how to select and manage those people. And also, on our own, we try to provide packages that will support them. They’re not our employees, and we don’t urge these – it’s a situation. It’s important to say, “This is not our program." But we provide the support programs that make it possible.
David MacGregor: Got it. Thanks, Nick
Nick Pinchuk: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liam Burke with Wunderlich.
Liam Burke: Yes good morning Nick. Good morning Aldo.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Liam.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning.
Liam Burke: Nick you’ve put a lot of upfront investments in emerging markets in the C&I business. You highlighted the fact that in the – India and China are doing well. Are you starting to see any kind of positive operating return of those upfront investments?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, they’re profitable, but we keep investing. So I mean, the thing is, the balance is still about where it’s always been, so we don’t necessarily see – I don’t see a time where we’re going to see huge upside coming there. Because we still see opportunities. So in terms of top end, so we keep trying to reposition ourselves in terms of blue point stores, for example. We had another one this quarter as part of the C&I expense category. And so I don’t think we’re seeing a boost out of them in terms of the financials yet. This is just our view that they’re going to give us returns, and our approach is still, Liam, that we want to build the physicals, because we have confidence that as that wave comes and it starts to come, it starts to come, we’re going to see returns. But we don’t view it as a huge profit opportunity in the near-term, more or less as a positioning opportunity.
Liam Burke: Great, thanks, Nick. And Aldo, on the cash flows, just touching the return in there. Even when I’m adjusting for some of the onetimes, your cash flow is starting to grow, it’s starting to accelerate. Beyond the acquisitions, where is the priority for cash allocation going to be?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, the first priority still always remains serving our organic growth. So we’re not afraid to make investments. We talked a little bit about that in the C&I segment. But when there’s opportunities to invest internally, we’re willing to do that as well. And of course, Snap-on credit still is growing. That’s been the use of our cash to some extent, and then as Nick mentioned already, support of acquisitions.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you, Nick. Thank you, Aldo.
Aldo Pagliari: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Stember with C.L. King & Associates.
Scott Stember: Good morning, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Scott Stember: Can you maybe talk about some of the new programs or the new tools and products you talked about in the Tools Group? Really, just talking about the new tools, the new cabinet program, new colors. Is there anything else to this new program outside of color? And maybe just talk about the timing of when these new products will touch showing up in your numbers.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, we’re talking about sort of the beginning and sort of like as we go forward into the second quarter and you’re talking about trim as well as programs that wrap around it, so you have kind of programs that try to make sure that people focus on it as well. And so those things are what wraps around the kind of thing. It has to do with, one an attraction that gives someone a reason to buy. This is what we say in the Tools Group. There are – they’re ongoing types of programs, a lot of programs that roll through this, but we’re talking about it’s aimed at the Tools Group, aimed at a new product that’s going to get peoples’ attention. And we wrap merchandising program around this and promotion program around this and maybe throw in some sort of hat or something like that, that gets people. So you give people a reason to pay attention to it. And we think when they pay attention to it, they see those colors with that trim, with the features that are available, this becomes a seller. And the Algona plant has, I think, an incredible amount of different options that can added on to this kind of thing. So we feel pretty good about it. It’s a new – like I said, it’s a new set of – it’s a new appearance that people won’t have seen before, and we think that drives excitement. One of the things that does, if you’re in a garage and a guy’s got a box, you like the appearance of a different box. You like some of the features of a different box. He wants trade out because he wants to get attention in his ward. This is what generates the activity.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then the RS&I side, you’re starting to see some continued growth here in the – with the new car, the OEM dealers. Can you maybe just talk about what you’re seeing there? Are they sustainable trends. And the high single-digit growth that we’re seeing in this segment, if this is something that can persists throughout the year?
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t know. Look, I think these are program-related. So that particular segments of the business with OEM dealerships tends to be more lumpy than others, because you get a program. And sometimes, that program lasts for 3 quarters and it runs out and you don’t hook onto another program till you get out to the fifth quarter. So there’s a gap quarter in there. That’s – if you listen to these calls enough, you hear me talk about that stuff. But what I am encouraged about this time is, we have vehicle OEMs. We have heavy-duty OEM’s. We have heavy-duty OEMs. We have agriculture OEMs doing this. So it’s a kind of broad view of repair. We haven’t seen that so much come together. So it’s kind of positive in that regard. Now I can’t testify that these are going to continue, because as I said, this tends to be a lumpy portion of our business. But the fact that it’s spread across 3 different places, pretty good.
Scott Stember: All right, and last question on currency. Brexit happened, I believe, in the end of the second quarter last year. Is this still a good assumption that in the back half of the year, we should expect the currency comparison to ease?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, although the second quarter, we think – look, we state today, if the currency stays the way it is today, the second quarter will be somewhat tougher from a currency point of view because the other currencies were stronger in the second quarter then they deteriorated. But you’re right in terms of – it gets – the comparisons get easier as it flows out. So what we would – again, it will probably – the chance it stands right where it is today is probably low, but if did, we see some rise in currency difficulty going forward to the second quarter and then abatement in the third and fourth quarter.
Scott Stember: Got it, that’s all I have. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: We’ll go next to Tom Hayes with Northcoast Research.
Tom Hayes: Hi thanks, good morning gentlemen.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Tom Hayes: Just wondering if we could dig into the C&I segment just a little bit. Last year, we were talking about three of the end markets: energy, military and avionics. Certainly a bit of challenge in 2016. Just want to see kind of what your thoughts are coming out of Q1 and for the balance of the year for those three segments?
Nick Pinchuk: Actually, I’m pretty encouraged. C&I is a big place for us. We got SNA Europe, which I just – if you’re going to talk about C&I, SNA Europe is a bellwether. That thing has become a monster. It’s growing 14 quarters in sales and 16 quarters in profits. And Europe, I don’t know if you’ve noticed lately, isn’t the most certain of places, so it’s done pretty well. But if you want to go to critical industries, like I think you’re referring to, which is about 1/3 of the business in C&I, we did focus on military and national resources and aviation. And natural resources came back for us. And what I like about this quarter is, it is about the same growth in the critical industries as past quarters. Although sequentially, it looks pretty positive, but also, it’s a little bit more broadly based. Last quarter, we had growth, but there are more eggs in the military basket, the military got better by wider – by a pretty wide margin last quarter, and that delivered the critical industry’s basket for us. This time, we have gains in natural resources in places like wind and mining and places like that oil and gas, and gains in heavy-duty and gains in general industry, a little more broadly based. Military is more tepid. In fact, it’s down a little bit this quarter, difficult to predict where military has gone quarter-to-quarter. I said that for a dog’s age on these calls. And then aviation still isn’t solved because for us, the Middle East, the international aviation business is kind of on its back because a lot of that business came out of the Middle East and it isn’t working for us right now. So you’re going to see some kind of recovery outside. You got military, which is chronically variable, and the rest of them are kind of recovering. Aviation, we still haven’t quite solved yet. So think positive, positive. I’m really encouraged.
Tom Hayes: Okay. And then Aldo, you start on the financial services piece. I think you kind of covered a little bit. I just want to make sure I understood the components. You said that EBIT margin go down year-over-year from about 70.9 to 68.4. I think you called out it was manpower and additional write-offs. Was that kind of the driver of the change there?
Aldo Pagliari: You’re talking about financial services?
Tom Hayes: Yes.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes. No, financial services are certainly these higher provisions for receivables over the last couple of quarters. We had that phenomenon in Q4. All I’m saying is that if you look year-over-year your provisioning is higher, I will be at a little bit less than what we had done in Q4 and you’re seeing a little bit of progress on the 60 plus day delinquency indicator.
Tom Hayes: Did you also mentioned, I thought you mentioned in your prepared remarks. You – Do you add manpower to the financial services business?
Aldo Pagliari: Yes. Little bit of additional…
Tom Hayes: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Leiker with Baird.
Joe Vruwink: This is Joe Vruwink for David.
Nick. Pinchuk: Yes, Joe
Joe Vruwink: Can you maybe comment on growth trends in the tools channel as the quarter progressed? And I’d be interested in whether these tax refund delays maybe impacted February at all, and do you start to see activity come back in March as refunds came back?
Nick. Pinchuk: No, I don’t think so. I don’t – we didn’t see the tax refund delays. We didn’t hear anything like that. Generally, the week-by-week or month-by-month trends in our quarters don’t really mean much. We have quite a bit of variation. It’s sort of like quarter-to-quarter – quarterly variation in the month. So it really doesn’t mean so much. What I will tell you though is that I met just – we had – we box part this quarter. In the beginning, like middle of January, we met with the franchisees as they were booming. And then at the end of the quarter, a couple of weeks ago, I met with the franchise – the National Franchise Council for the U.S. they were really enthusiastic. So at least from the windshield surveys, I felt pretty good about it. The numbers are what they are. I still think the growth was – it was fairly positive for a retail business. But again, we had – and we had – so we don’t think it’s the market. The market is very positive for us, we think.
Joe Vruwink: So when I look at your loan origination growth and let’s say that’s flat, therefore big ticket sales are flattish to do 3% organic growth, and tools implies the core hand tool category, which is obviously the majority of what you’re selling is maybe mid-single-digit growth directionally.
Nick Pinchuk: Look, first of all, let’s talk about – let’s talk a little bit about big ticket. Big ticket, you got diagnostics up. What drives the originations is big ticket. But there’s a new kind of wrinkle in this, and that is the thermal imager in diagnostics. This is a smaller-end diagnostic in effect like in the $1000 range. And what has been in diagnostics almost uniformly being financed is being – by the credit companies is being – some of that is being financed by their franchisees, because now they are strong enough to finance something like that. So that’s part of what’s going on in the originations activity. And there are other categories besides hand tools. There’s power tool, there are some other stuff, which we call shop and tech and so on. So I don’t think you can make just that view of the world. You can – you could kind of step back and make it. But you can’t just look at originations in this case and say that big ticket is completely flat, because you have that thermal imager in there this time, which makes it different.
Joe Vruwink: So I guess – yes, so this is what I’m trying to get at. The industry, it seems to be growing at a mid-single digit pace. When you listen to your peers talk about their growth, seems to be mid- single. And when I look at Snap-on and consider that a lot of the products that have seen strong growth this cycle that are tied to originations, those have flattened out. If I look at the other stuff in the Snap-on portfolio, it would seem to be growing mid-single, so at the end of the day Snap-On still growing in line with its market. It’s just we’re weathering these comparisons right now where you have a particular big ticket category you called out tool storage, that is just going through a bit of a soft patch.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, there’s some of that. That’s directionally probably correct. I think our big message here today is, we think the market is pretty good.
Joe Vruwink: Yes. Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Good morning, guys.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: On the corporate expense, the 21 and change, that’s pretty well-controlled. I think a year or two ago, you talked about it sort of being $100 million annual run rate. Should we think about that being more along the lines of 20? Or was that $5 million lower pension contribution the driver to the low level.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay. Look, I think – the way I would say it is, I think we spent something – let me think. I think we spent about $94 million last year in the corporate expense. I think you could say it’s going to be in that ballpark, maybe uplifting it slightly. That’s the kind of number I would expect. These things ebb and flow back and forth from quarter-to-quarter, so I would model it in that range, if I were you.
Bret Jordan: So the $5 million lower pension contribution was sort of just a timing issue around the first quarter.
Aldo Pagliari: No. Just to clarify. It’s Aldo. The pension contribution doesn’t really impact expense directly in the short run. Pension is relatively flat year-over-year. That’s just the contribution goes to the pension plan. So that’s not a direct cause and effect. So if you look at corporate expenses, they’re kind of flattish really the last year in Q1. Pension is up so slightly over year-over-year. So I’d say, you’re trending directionally to be, as Nick said, $95 million to $100 million range is still for modeling purposes, not unreasonable.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then a question, I guess – I’m sure the franchisees are communicating with their customers daily. Is tool storage, is that – I mean, obviously, it’s more of a discretionary transaction versus diagnostics where you need the current technology to complete the job. Is there an issue there that this is sort of an indicator of mechanic sentiment? Or is it just that there’s nothing new enough and the channels just spur them to buy again.
Nick Pinchuk: Look, I think it’s always the case. You can bring out a new power tool or a new diagnostic threat and it can be, let’s say, double as my – by baseball analogy instead of a home run. I’m not saying that our offering is tremendously better. It’s – we think it’s strong, but it may not be as compelling as it was the last iteration. It may not be the home run. That’s a difference. I do think you’re right in that tool storage is a little more emotional. You look at that box, you say, "I remember being on an event once. A guy came at a fair, where this guy said, hey, did you see that white box with a sapphire trim? I really love it. I think I’ve got to buy it." He was so excited by just the appearance of the box. So that is the fact in this kind of thing. It’s not a saturation thing.
Bret Jordan: What’s the color that’s coming out?
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t know if I’m allowed to reveal that, actually, but Bret…
Bret Jordan: I mean, I’m going to wait to buy my Snap-on box if I see the new color of that.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, you’re right, right.
Bret Jordan: On average yield and it’s up 10 basis points, I mean, I think it was a year ago this quarter we talked about some of the platinum franchisees allowed to be more flexible I think in their decision, their credit decisions. Is yield up because we’ve got – we’ve change the borrowing base a little bit? Or is that yield just up because we have seen some interest rate increase year-over-year?
Aldo Pagliari: Look, I think it’s more reflective of the actual credit profile, what we’re doing the underwriting on. And as I said, it’s actually down 20 basis points from last quarter. So 18%, 17.9% is kind of the natural range that settles in that, so there really hasn’t been a lot of movements on yields of over the recent turn.
Bret Jordan: Okay. All right, great. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Robert – or excuse me, Richard Hilgert with Morningstar.
Richard Hilgert: Thanks for taking my questions. Good morning, everybody. Just curious with the administration talking about tax reduction. I’ve noticed your tax – effective tax rate consistently runs about 5 percentage points below the corporate average. If we were to see a reduction from the corporate rate of 35%, down to a 25% number, would your effective tax rate move the same amount or – are there anything – any things in your taxes that would change that ratio? Would it be less of a change? More of a change?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, first off, Richard, when you look at the overall rate of 31%, you have to remember, we’re about 80% influenced by the United States, 20% influenced by – let’s say the outside world’s tax rates. So you’re right. If you go back to the 35% statutory federal rate Snap-on takes advantage of probably around 250, a little bit more, slightly more than that of deductions, such as the manufacturing deduction, the R&D tax credit, things of that nature. So if you took a step back and look strictly at U.S. taxes as written today, you’d say, "Well, we’re in the 33% range, maybe the 32.5% range." So in theory, if a statutory rate is reduced from 35% to something less than 30%, Snap-on should actually stand to benefit on the U.S. effective tax rate. As you know though, these are pretty complicated items being discussed, so you see the actual rollout of the tax law, it’s really hard to opine on what the impact will be.
Richard Hilgert: Understood. Just for clarification, on the C&I group, Nick, you’re saying military was a slight headwind, aviation was a headwind, but natural resources were positive. The European region was positive, doing very well. Is that the correct summary?
Nick Pinchuk: That’s correct.
Richard Hilgert: Okay, great. And then I was curious, with the way that the growth rates have been going in RS&I, and you were mentioning some of the dynamics of the big ticket items. Could you maybe describe the growth rates there, more in terms of what’s been your experience with respect to the overall pricing in that group versus the overall volume in that group? And how much does each one affect the growth rate.
Nick Pinchuk: Wow. I don’t know. I mean, the thing is, look, all I can say is, we haven’t – we don’t have pricing generally as one of our line items in explanation. We don’t see much motion in pricing. And so generally, when we – and at both ways, when we price, we tend to do it around the new model which we set the value proposition and therefore, the prices get reset. We don’t like to reduce our prices to get volume, and so we resist that. And we do so in equipment. And so from time to time, it can happen. But in general, you are not seeing us knock down the prices. And if you doubt that, remember what I said, 24.7% OI margin against 140 basis points negative year-over-year impact from acquisitions, that means something – happen that was worth of 140 basis points.
Richard Hilgert: Right. And you mentioned one item that you thought would be on the hit parade this year in the hand tools group. Given the kind of tapering off there, the last couple of quarters, your – what you said about your hit parade in years past is that you’ve got $1 million per year coming in from the hit parade from the new items that are going out, has that kind of tapered off in the last couple of quarters and then we can expect to see more of that kind of come back a little bit above that? Or how has that all playing out right now?
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t know. What we actually measure, Richard, is the number of million-dollar products, not the amount. So you can have Transformers, and you can have some other small – you can have the Jack Reacher, both of which make some money but aren’t necessarily a lot – are quite different in terms of the amount of money they’ll have. Transformers is a huge blockbuster, Jack Reacher made some money so that kind of thing, and so that what’s happening in these things. Maybe a fewer the hit products didn’t make us much, maybe a few of tool storage that’s came out didn’t sell quite a much, and they still were hit products. What I’m talking about in this particular one is, is that, that’s going to be hit product. We say it’s going to sell a lot more than that particular one. It will sell a lot more than $1 million. Our numbers of hit products though have continue to be pretty good, so they’re not really abating. It’s just the amount that are being associated with it. And hit products aren’t the whole thing, it is that the hit products that drive everything. Hit products drive the excitement through the whole bunch of non-hit products that are driving excitement some of which are former hit products that are older. So it’s a more complex – the revenue add up is a more complex thing. I don’t think you can look at a trend in the big new success – difference really.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s question-and-answer session. At this time I’d like to turn the conference back to Leslie. Please go ahead.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, Lauren. We appreciate everyone for joining today. A replay of the call will be available shortly on snapon.com. And as always, we appreciate your interest in the company. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-On, Inc. Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc. Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.
Analysts: David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc. Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Richard Hilgert - Morningstar, Inc. (Research)
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Miss. Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-On, Inc.: [audiogap] (00:26 – 00:39) and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer, as well as on our website, snapon.com, under Investor Information. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance which are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our Q3 earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everybody. I'll start with the highlights of our fourth quarter and of our year and I'll give you my perspective on the results, on the environment and on our progress. After that, Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. The Snap-on fourth quarter, sales increases and broad profit gains marking another period of encouraging performance; again this quarter we had opportunities and we had headwinds. We took advantage of those opportunities and we overcame the headwinds. Overall sales in the quarter were $889.8 million, 4.5% higher than last year. That total included acquisition related volume from Car-O-Liner and Sturtevant Richmont and it also included the impact of $15.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency. Our organic growth in the quarter was 3.6% with gains registered across every group. EPS, it was $2.47, up 11.3% from the $2.22 registered in 2015. Our OpCo operating margin reached 19.8%, an increase of 70 basis points and those profits include $3.7 million of adverse foreign currency. Financial services earnings of 51.6% (sic) [$51.6 million] (3:27) were also up, leading to a consolidated operating margin including both financial services and OpCo of 23.6%, an improvement of 90 basis points in the quarter. And our markets, well the Automotive Repair segment continues to remain favorable, changing technology, the aging vehicles requiring new tools and more repairs. Our Tools Group – progress in all geographies, gains throughout the franchise network and the repair systems and information, our RS&I Group, advancements across our businesses serving repair shops, owners and managers. All of them. Taken together these businesses confirm the ongoing strength of the repair market, and clearly demonstrate the opportunity available. Now for our Commercial & Industrial Group, or C&I, the markets were mixed but overall positive. There were of course headwinds and some still recovering industrial sectors and a few macro-economically challenged geographies but in total, progress was across that group. U.S. military sales were robust. Budgets restraints loosened, and we are on point to take advantage. And we're ready to act in the future as further opportunities arise in that area. C&I's also the most international of our businesses. And in the period, our overall activity in the regions outside the U.S. increased, overcoming the economic turbulence that exists in Europe, the Middle East, and in some parts of Asia. So across the corporation, I would characterize our environment as mixed but positive, with ongoing strength in automotive repair and some improvement in the afflicted critical industries and the challenged geographies. And we remain confident that our businesses are well-positioned to capitalize on the possibilities, on the opportunities that do exist along our runways for growth, enhancing the van network, expanding our presence with repair shop owners and managers, extending in critical industries, and building in emerging markets. In looking ahead, we also see clear runways for further improvement. The Snap-on Value Creation Processes, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement in RCI is continuing to drive significant advantages. Our fourth quarter and our full year results clearly confirm that progress. And our new acquisitions, they provide more opportunity to apply those processes and create value. Now for the full year, sales were $3.43 billion, an as reported increase of 2.3%. The organic volume gain was 2.9%, with the Tools Group up 5.6%, RS&I rising 4.7%, and C&I slightly ahead of last year. Our EPS in 2016 was $9.20, an increase of 13.6%. And driving those earnings was an OpCo operating margin of 19.1%, up 140 basis points for the full year. And when we include the income from financial services of $198.7 million, which rose $28.5 million, the consolidated operating margin for the corporation was 23%, up 170 basis points. Results achieved by taking advantage of the opportunities on our runways for growth, and by driving down our runways for improvement. Now let's move to the groups in our fourth quarter. In C&I, sales increased 1.6% from 2015, impacted by $6.2 million of unfavorable currency and helped by $4.2 million in acquisition related volume. Organic sales were up 2.4%, the second straight quarter of increases for C&I but with varied results across the group including gains by SNA Europe and by industrial, and decreases in the power tools and in places like India and Indonesia. C&I operating income was $43.9 million. That represents an operating margin of 15.3%, a rise of 40 basis points. That's our second quarter of 15%s. Encouragingly SNA Europe again posted increased organic sales, up high single-digits, continuing its progress. Now 13 quarters in a row of year-over-year growth. And the profit climb for SNA Europe was even steeper, now up 15 straight quarters. Snap-on Value Creation at work with innovative new products, and improved new processes creating those extended trends in some what I would call fairly challenging geographies. Also in C&I our Industrial division moved forward. As I mentioned before, on strong U.S. military sales, and also an array of new products. New products like – innovations like our radiator cap removal for the railroad sector, a specially designed offering used on locomotive or engine radiator caps replacing field cobble sockets, which were prone to early failure. The Snap-on solution incorporates deep machine grooves which provides the ample engagement and the strength necessary to remove what you might imagine are those very stubborn railroad caps. The new adapter can be paired with a standard ratchet, eliminating the need for the previously used long T-handled tool and therefore requiring less clearance to perform the task, making the job easier in those tight engine quarters. Another productivity solution born from a long list of customer connection made every day, this one for the rail industry. And for the Aviation segment, our Industrial division launched the Versatorq 2, torque data acquisition system, designed to verify and record torque ratings in tight and even hazardous environments. Places like aircraft fuel lines, the Versatorq 2 allows easy torque measurement deep inside air frames, where access is difficult and it includes an explosive-proof electronics making it safe, even in combustible environments. This unique Snap-on offering enables the technicians to record critical information, storing and recalling up to 3,500 torque readings. And the product is UL compliant for safety, and ATECH certified for use in potentially explosive atmospheres. And based on that, we believe we have a clear winner in the Versatorq. Our Power Tools division recorded lower sales in the quarter, as I said. That said, it did launch some promising new product. Product like our CTR714, a 14.4 volt quarter-inch drive cordless ratchet. It was launched in December so it didn't drive the quarter, but it has a great future. This latest tool in the Snap-on cordless family includes a tapered head designed for better accessibility, 35 foot pounds of torque output, perfect for applications with fasteners 10 millimeters or smaller that are delicate and difficult, a variable speed trigger for that all important control with those small fasteners, a built-in LED light to illuminate any work area, and new drive materials for increased strength, size, power and durability. Terrific for small fasteners in tight spaces, because of that, because of the size, power and durability and the applicability to tight spaces for small fasteners, we believe we have another best-in-class product with our cordless ratchet. Well, that's C&I. Now on to the Tools Group. A 3% rise in organic sales. Operating earnings of $73.5 million; a margin rate of 17.6%, up 10 basis points, a gain which includes 70 basis points impact from negative currency. So overcoming that fairly significant negative currency hit. Now, the volume growth in the Tools Group was not what we've seen in recent periods. The full year average for the group is 5.6%. But importantly, based on what we see in the shops, and what we hear from our franchisees, we don't believe there's been any significant change in the overall auto repair market. It's still robust, and offers abundant opportunity and we don't believe there's been any change in the positive trajectory of the Tools Group growing strength. We often speak of our Snap-on's runways for coherent growth, strategic avenues of sales opportunities. At the top of the list is enhancing the franchise channel, and we believe we're positioned to continue that positive trajectory. Throughout the year and even in the recent quarter, the Tools Group demonstrated significant progress along that runway, financials trending positively, the franchisee health metrics consistently gaining, both clearly representing a strengthening vehicle repair center, and an improved proposition for our franchisees. Beyond the numbers, there's a great deal of optimism throughout the network. You can see if you talk to these people. The franchisees attending our 2017 kick-off events held early last month all over the country, display a great deal of enthusiasm about the vehicle repair sector in general, and about their individual businesses in particular. I participated in the kick-off and I believe the level of excitement and confidence surrounding the van channel is stronger than ever. And our optimism was acknowledged by multiple publications, listing Snap-on as a franchise of choice. Again this year, Snap-on was ranked among the top 50 in Entrepreneur's magazine's list of top 500 franchises, finishing number one in the professional tools and equipment category, and the Franchise Business Review which collects franchisee feedback, satisfaction feedback, franchisee satisfaction feedback listed Snap-on as a top 50 franchise, marking the tenth consecutive year we've received that reward. Finally, and my favorite, the Military Times included Snap-on in its Best for Vets annual ranking, coming in at number five, and representing the only mobile tool franchise on the list. Now this type of recognition would not have been achieved without a continuous stream of innovative new product, many developed from insights from our customers, guided by Snap-on customer connection and invested with Snap-on technical insight and innovation. And in 2016, for the seventh straight year, the Tools Group increased its number of hit products. Those million dollar sellers developed from direct observations gained in the field. Take for instance the ATECH 300 electronic torque wrench. Launched in the fourth quarter, this latest torque offering solves an important customer problem. Many light vehicles today, pickups and SUVs, now use fasteners requiring between 250 foot pounds and 300 foot pounds of torque, and specifications for accurate measurements of those higher torques are increasing in number. The Snap-on ATECH 300 is the first light vehicle half-inch electronic torque wrench to rate at 300 foot pounds. It's lighter, more accurate, and it eliminates the need to add heavy duty tools just to accommodate the new pickup and SUV torque requirements. Designed and manufactured in our City of Industry facility in California, the ATECH 300 incorporates the same great features as our other ATECH models-a reduced profile for better accessibility, a longer handle for easily applying the extra torque, power interruption technology to prevent power resets and protect the data, and a large LCD screen for greater visibility. Franchisee feedback? Well, we launched it late in the year and it's selling out. We said, I think in many forms including this one that there's growing opportunity in vehicle precision, in torque measurement. As vehicles become more automatic, there's more need for more precision. Even in the fourth quarter we saw confirmation in that trend. Our torque line grew nicely; it's one of the reasons why we acquired the torque skills of Sturtevant Richmont and we expect good things going forward in that growing product line. Now let's move to RS&I. Volume in the fourth quarter was $319.8 million with an organic rise of 8.9%, significant gains in diagnostics and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers, a mid single-digit increase to OEM dealerships and a low single-digit rise of undercar equipment. Operating earnings of $82.5 million increased $10.4 million to 25.8% of sales, up 10 basis points, overwhelming, overcoming the impact of the newly acquired operations. RS&I expanded across the repair shop owner and manager sector, across the full sector, but particularly with independents. Our diagnostics and repair information businesses recorded double-digit volume growth with those important customers. Our Mitchell 1 operations offers independent shops leading facility management software, innovative marketing services, and the most comprehensive repair information anywhere. Using the Snap-on Value Creation principles of customer connection and innovation, our Mitchell 1 team utilizes thousands of customer contacts every year, adding repair information for new vehicles, improving the speed to solution of its pro-demand product, and expanding the literally hundreds of millions of actual repair events in its unique sure-track big database, and in the fourth quarter the RS&I results clearly show the effect of the Mitchell 1 progress. Now for our diagnostics division, another encouraging quarter, led by ongoing success of recent product launches. We mentioned a couple of these in the third quarter: the MODIS Edge, handheld scanner, very sophisticated handheld scanner, and our thermal imager. A whole new category of vehicle diagnostics will both continue to exceed expectations, and both drove the diagnostic division to strong double-digit gains. RS&I also advanced its work station product line in the quarter, introducing the new EPIQ diagnostic work station. The EPIQ work station combines two of Snap-on's top of the line products, matching our sophisticated VERUS handheld with our EPIQ tool storage box into one custom platform. This enhanced work station is targeted for shops desiring capability. This combo will address the most challenging repairs. Convenience, everything a technician needs is right at hand. And confidence: the visible presence of the work station tells the customer that this shop is serious and sophisticated and able to tackle the most difficult of repairs. Work station sales are up nearly 40% year-over-year, and the new EPIQ combo is part of that success. The RS&I Group also includes progress with OEM dealerships. Over the years Snap-on Business Solutions, SBS, has developed an extraordinary level of insight and capability in developing and running electronic parts catalogs for dealerships. And their skills paid off in the quarter. As SBS captured the contract to provide a state of the art EPC for another major vehicle OEM, another win, and more growth for Snap-on in the OEM space. Finally in the period, the RS&I equipment division registered a low single-digit organic increase with mixed results across our North American and International Undercar operations. That said, we keep driving to expand our position with repair shops, with new products to sell and with strategic and coherent acquisitions. And in the fourth quarter, RS&I made an important addition to the equipment division with the acquisition of Car-O-Liner. The Car-O-Liner business brings greater capabilities in collision repair and strengthens our overall position in the heavy-duty segment. Given the trends in the collision space, the higher emphasis on shop efficiency and the power of matching Car-O-Liner with our other RS&I divisions, we believe this acquisition will create even more opportunities to expand with repair shop owners and managers going forward. We're excited. Well, that's our fourth quarter. OpCo organic sales growing 3.6%; EPS $2.47 in the quarter, up 13.6%. Progress along each of our runways for coherent growth, progress along those runways for coherent growth and acquisitions that will give us more to sell and make those runways even wider, and clear advancements down our runways for improvements, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation, and Rapid Continuous Improvement driving a 19.8% operating margin, 70 basis points higher than last year. It was an encouraging quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks, Nick. Our fourth quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on slide six. Net sales of $889.8 million in the quarter increased $38.1 million, or 4.5% from 2015 levels, reflecting a $30 million, or 3.6% organic sales gain, $23.3 million of acquisition related sales, and $15.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, foreign currency movements adversely impacted our Q4 sales comparisons by 190 basis points. The organic sales gain reflects continued progress in serving the vehicle repair sector, as well as its sales improvements in our Commercial & Industrial segment. Consolidated gross margin of 49.9% improved 150 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to sales leverage and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $267.8 million yielded an operating expense margin of 30.1% in the quarter, an increase of 80 basis points, primarily due to higher acquisition related and other expenses including operating expenses for Car-O-Liner and Sturtevant Richmont, which were both acquired in the fourth quarter, as well as a 30 basis point benefit in the fourth quarter of 2015, primarily from a gain on sale of a former manufacturing facility. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before financial services of $176.1 million, including $3.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased 8.5% and as a percentage of sales, improved 70 basis points to 19.8%. Financial services revenue of $74.2 million in the quarter increased 17.6% from 2015 levels, and operating earnings of $51.6 million, including $0.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased 14.7%. Consolidated operating earnings of $227.7 million, including $4.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased 9.8%, and the operating margin of 23.6% improved 90 basis points from 22.7% a year ago. Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate of 30.8% compared to 31.1% last year. For the full year, our 2016 effective income tax rate of 31% compared to 31.7% last year. Finally, fourth quarter net earnings of $146.3 million, or $2.47 per diluted share increased $14.9 million, or $0.25 per share from 2015 levels, representing an 11.3% increase in diluted earnings per share. For the full year 2016, earnings per diluted share of $9.20 increased 13.6% as compared to $8.10 in 2015. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with Commercial & Industrial, or C&I Group on slide 7. Sales of $286.3 million in the fourth quarter increased $4.5 million, or 1.6%, reflecting a $6.5 million, or 2.4% organic sales gain, $4.2 million of acquisition-related sales, and $6.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The $6.5 million organic sales increase primarily includes a high single-digit gain in the segment's European-based hand tools business, and a low single-digit increase to customers in critical industries, largely as a result of higher sales to the military. During the quarter, our European-based hand tools business benefited from broad-based sales growth with particular strength in countries including Sweden, Spain, and France. These organic sales gains were partially offset by a mid single-digit decline in the segment's power tools operations and lower sales in certain emerging markets. Gross profit in the C&I Group of $115.4 million compared to $107.6 million last year. The gross margin of 40.3% improved 210 basis points, primarily due to benefits from higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives, and 100 basis points of favorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $71.5 million in the quarter compared to $65.7 million last year. The operating expense margin of 25% increased 170 basis points primarily as a result of higher cost, including operating expenses for new acquisitions, 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, and a 70 basis point benefit in the fourth quarter of 2015 from a gain on sale of a former manufacturing facility. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the C&I segment of $43.9 million including $1.8 million of favorable foreign currency effects increased $2 million from 2015 levels, and the operating margin of 15.3% improved 40 basis points. Turning now to slide 8. Fourth quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $417.5 million increased $6.3 million, or 1.5%, reflecting a $12.2 million, or 3% organic sales gain and $5.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. $12.2 million organic sales increase includes a low single-digit gain in the company's U.S. franchise operations, and a mid single-digit gain in the company's International franchise operations. Gross profit of $175.5 million compared to $173.7 million last year. Gross margin of 42% declined 20 basis points, as 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects were partially offset by benefits from higher sales. Operating expenses of $102 million in the quarter were essentially flat compared to last year. The operating expense margin of 24.4% improved 30 basis points, primarily due to sales volume leverage. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $73.5 million including $3.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased $1.6 million, and the operating margin of 17.6% improved 10 basis points. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I Group, shown on slide 9. Fourth quarter sales of $319.8 million increased $39.2 million, or 14%, reflecting a $24.6 million, or 8.9%, organic sales gain. $19.1 million of acquisition related sales, and $4.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The 8.9% organic sales increase primarily reflects a double-digit gain in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers, a mid single-digit increase in sales to OEM dealerships, and a low single-digit gain in sales of undercar equipment. Gross profit of $153 million compared to $131 million last year. And the gross margin of 47.8% improved 110 basis points, primarily due to benefits from higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $70.5 million in the quarter compared to $58.9 million last year. The operating expense margin of 22% increased 100 basis points, primarily due to a 90 basis point impact from the Car-O-Liner acquisition. Fourth quarter operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $82.5 million, including $1.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased $10.4 million from prior year levels, and the operating margin of 25.8% improved 10 basis points. Now, turning to slide 10. Operating earnings from financial services of $51.6 million on revenue of $74.2 million compared to operating earnings of $45 million on revenue of $63.1 million last year. As a percentage of the average portfolio, financial services expenses of 1.3% in the quarter compared with 1.2% last year. The average yield on finance receivables of 18.2% in the quarter compared to 17.8% last year, and the average yield on contract receivables of 9.3% compared to 9.5% last year. Originations of $260.3 million in the quarter increased 3.3% from prior year levels. Moving to slide 11. Our year-end balance sheet includes approximately $1.8 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.6 billion from our U.S. operations. Approximately 81% of our U.S. financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. In 2016, our worldwide financial services portfolio grew $224 million, or 14.1%. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continued to be in line with our expectations, including a seasonal rise in delinquencies. In this fourth quarter, we experienced a slightly higher seasonal increase in delinquencies and the allowance was increased accordingly. Overall, profitability in the financial services segment rose by 14.7% in the quarter, reflecting both continued growth of the overall portfolio and higher average yields on finance receivables. Now turning to slide 12. Cash provided by operations of $151.7 million in the quarter increased $7.3 million from comparable 2015 levels as higher net earnings were partially offset by net changes in operating asset and liabilities, including $20 million of discretionary U.S. pension contributions. Net cash used by investing activities of $229.3 million included $160.4 million for the combined acquisitions of Car-O-Liner and Sturtevant Richmont, $53.6 million to fund a net increase in finance receivables, and $17.7 million of capital expenditures. For the full year, capital expenditures totaled $74.3 million. Turning to slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $36.3 million from 2015 year-end levels, reflecting higher sales, $21.5 million of receivables related to acquisitions and an increase in days sales outstanding from 60 days at 2015 year-end to 63 days at 2016 year-end partially offset by $13.8 million of foreign currency translation. Excluding acquisitions, days sales outstanding was 61 days. Inventories increased $32.7 million from 2015 year-end levels primarily support continued higher customer demand and new product introductions and $21.5 million of inventories related to acquisitions, partially offset by $17.8 million of foreign currency translation. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.3 compared with 3.5 turns at 2015 year-end. Excluding acquisitions, inventory turns were 3.4. Our year-end cash position of $77.6 million decreased $15.2 million from 2015 year-end levels. The net decrease reflects the funding of $915 million of new finance receivables, acquisitions of $160.4 million, dividend payments of $147.5 million, the repurchase of 758,000 shares for $120.4 million, and $74.3 million for capital expenditures. These cash decreases were largely offset by $671.7 million of cash collections from finance receivables, $567.3 million of cash from operations and $134.2 million of proceeds from a net increase in notes payable and other short-term borrowings. Our net debt to capital ratio of 26.3% compared with 24.6% at 2015 year-end. In addition to our $77.6 million of cash, and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, and our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper markets. As of 2016 year-end we had $130 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. Since year-end, on January 17 we repaid $150 million of 5.5% senior notes at maturity with available cash and commercial paper. That concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2017. We anticipate that capital expenditures in 2017 will be in a range of $80 million to $90 million. We also expect that our full-year 2017 effective income tax rate will be comparable to our 2016 full-year rate of 31%. This assumes no major changes in existing U.S. federal regulations – tax regulations. Should there be definitive legislation on corporate tax reform, we will assess the effects of such at that time. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks, Aldo. Well, you heard about our year and our fourth quarter. I believe they represent continuing confirmation of the opportunities along our runways for growth and testimony to the possibilities inherent in Snap-On value creation and our runways for improvement. C&I growing again in a very turbulent environment, finding the opportunities where they exist in critical industries, continuing the upward trend in Europe in difficult and uncertain economies, reaching an OI margin of 15.3%, one of its highest, up 40 basis points. The Tools Group growing, not equal to recent periods, but still displaying the hallmarks of continuing achievement: a robust vehicle repair sector, positive franchisee health, strong product introductions, and a continuing enthusiasm across the franchisees and the customers. And through it all, profit growth, OI margin of 17.6%, up 10 basis points, despite a 70 basis-point headwind from unfavorable currency. And RS&I, 8.9% organic growth, confirming the strength of vehicle repair, progress with independent shops and dealerships, exciting new products spearheading those advancements, and OI margins reaching 25.8%, up despite the impact of Car-O-Liner and its lower profit levels. And the acquisitions, Car-O-Liner and Sturtevant Richmont adding more product fuel for growth and providing more opportunity for improvement. It all came together to bring our OpCo operating margin to 19.8%, up 70 basis points. And when you add Financial Services, the overall operating margin was 23.6%, up 90 basis points. It was an encouraging quarter and an encouraging year. And we believe we have the market and the position and the team to continue the trend of extended positive performance through 2017 and beyond. Now before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll speak directly to our franchisees and associates. I know, again, many of you are listening. The progress accomplished is a direct reflection of the capability and perseverance you contribute to our effort. For your achievements in the quarter and the year, you have my congratulations, and for your continuing commitment to our team, you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: We'll take our first question from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, guys. It's David Kelley on for Bret this morning. Just a couple quick questions. And first on RS&I, strong organic growth in the quarter, Just want to drill down on the double-digit diagnostics growth you pointed out. Was there something specific to the quarter that drove the robust performance there, given some of the cadence of....
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Yes, there was.
David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC: Go ahead.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Yes, there was, there was. Look, the thing is, as we said, we launched two dynamite new products and actually the thermal imager for us is a whole new category of diagnosing a vehicle, not data driven but physically driven by looking at a vehicle. Like, for example, if you're looking for a bad cylinder, it's tough to tell from the electronic diagnostics, but you can tell if you focus the thermal imager on it and see which one is hot. That changed everything. That created a lot of volume in that situation, a lot of attention for diagnostics. And then the MODIS Edge was another extension of our already pretty robust line, but a pretty good tool. So those two really drove the business into that 8.9%. Then you had the Mitchell 1 had its usual strong performance in terms of selling to shops. And then we had some comeback with dealerships, which can be lumpy. The lumpy side can be dealerships. But mostly, the story is new product.
David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC: Great. No, appreciate the color. And I guess given the favorable secular tailwind that should benefit that sector, how do we think about maybe longer-term organic growth opportunity in RS&I looking out over the next two to three years?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Well, we always say, look, it's 4% to 6%. That's what we're targeting in most environments. We expect RS&I to be in the middle of that, and the RS&I numbers in the last three years are 4.9%, 4.9%, 4.7%. But this particular one with these new products we feel pretty positive.
David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. And then one more from me and I'll pass it along. Just on the Tools growth, I was wondering if maybe you'd be able to give us a feel for cadence in the quarter. I was wondering if there was any pickup late in December or any uptick you've even seen in January year-to-date that's contributing to that confidence in a rebound in 2017 here.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: No. Look, okay, the Tools Group was not equal to its normal trend, but 3% isn't a poke in the eye with a stick in a 1.9% economy. So we still feel okay about that. But you could have reasonably expected more. But everything we look at, the enthusiasm of the market, the strength of our product, our franchisees, how they react, we feel pretty positive about that. So what I'm saying is, is that you look at those numbers and you may say, below trend but in anything you look at from a physical point of view or for a conversational point of view or seeing a product pipeline point of view, you feel confident.
David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. Again, appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from David Leiker from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good morning.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Morning.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: Morning.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Guys, just as a follow-up on that last question on the Tools side, is there anything – obviously, that number is a lot weaker than what we've been seeing here for actually quite a while. Is there anything from a timing perspective or regional perspective or anything as you dig down inside there that could give us a little bit more color?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: No, I don't think so. The timing is not really – we have up weeks and down weeks. It's hard to make any interpretation in that, David. I think simply stated, I hate to use an analogy like this, but sometimes your clean-up hitter hits a single and a double and doesn't hit a homerun and you still win the game, and that's the way we see this quarter. I wouldn't use the word weaker 3%. I hate to use that word because I think it's a reasonable growth, but yeah, it is below trend and we are unsatisfied with that number.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): I know you don't talk about numbers on a go-forward basis, but can you give us any sense of what our proper expectation should get zeroed in on as we look at 2017 for that business?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Well, we always say our growth is going to be in the 4% to 6% range, and that's the kind of thing we think of. And Tools Group grew at 5.6% in the last quarter – I mean last year, sorry, last year. And so I don't think we see anything to interrupt our trajectory, let's put it that way.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then the second item here is on the credit company. When you dig down into the credit stats, some of them at the margin are getting a little bit weaker I guess. The losses are up, the delinquencies, there's some seasonality there. The originations growth, which I'm sure is tied into the Tools number. But can you talk a little bit about what you're doing there? Your allowances you said you took up a little bit, but it looks like the losses are a little bit. Is this something that's just an adjustment, or do you think this is a start of a trend?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Well, I'll speak to the originations. Look, originations is in the Tools Group (44:02), it follows the Tools Group. And fundamentally in the quarter what you see is high growth in the diagnostics area. The diagnostics products were the hottest, in particular the thermal imager, which tends to be at the bottom end of the diagnostics range, we would still classify it as big ticket. But the origination, the credit penetration in that area of diagnostics tends to be lower. So you fundamentally look at the characteristics of the diagnostic sales and we shake our head and say, yes, lower administration, makes a lot of sense based on what we sold in the Tools Group. And so that's kind of our view in that – and It's perfectly explainable in those kinds of situations and seeing what happens with the Tools Group. It's a lot less change next quarter because of the characteristics of what sells and what new products come out. In terms of the reserves, I'll let Aldo talk about that.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: Well, David, if you look at the cash flow statement, you'll see that our provision, if you look year-over-year, it's up about $4.4 million, just to give you a little color on that. If you just still look at what I would call the normal sized growth in the portfolio, that would account for about a third of the provision. So you have, yes, two-thirds of extra growth in the provision relates to the delinquency and characteristics of the trends. So at the end of the quarter, we think the reserve's adjusted accordingly. It reflects that. And as we move forward, we're not alarmed by any of the statistics. These are within the range of deviation that we've seen over recent times, so we're comfortable.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): I got a few emails this morning. There are some who are saying that that's a sign that the end market, that your customer is weakening, and that the credit company is the canary in the coal mine.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Well, we don't see the end market weakening, actually. That was the whole point of half of my script here. I don't think we see that to the extent that anything we see – I was just on a van the other day, two days ago, and it didn't seem that way. I was in the garages and those guys seemed pretty robust in their view of the world, talking about how they've had to turn away business, in fact. I know this is a windshield survey, but in terms of the kickoffs were three weeks ago. And we all go out all over the country and everybody came back saying, our guys are more pumped than ever before. So we don't see that, anyway. We don't see the end-market weakening at all.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just one quick housekeeping question, Aldo, on the acquisitions. It looks like the revenue contribution there was more than just what you would think given the calendar and the timing of the acquisitions. Is there some seasonality in there that skewed that contribution?
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: There is a bit. If you look at the collision business itself, the fourth quarter tends to be one of their better quarters. We owned Car-O-Liner practically speaking for a full two months, Sturtevant Richmont to a lesser extent was really only about a little over about five-, six-week ownership period. But yes, the collision business does skew a bit to the fourth quarter.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. And thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David MacGregor at Longbow Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Just a question on the Tools segment. Can you just talk a little bit about the growth you saw in big ticket versus smaller ticket business?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: I think ticket was up, but it was – when we say that big ticket you can classify it into three pieces or three general pieces, David. You've got the tool storage boxes, right. They're the biggest of the big ticket, and almost all of them get financed. And then you've got diagnostics that goes through a range. And then you have some other dribs and drabs, like we'll sell welders and things like that, but that is not a big ticket item. Big ticket grew faster in Tools Group, but the lion's share of that growth was in the diagnostic product, the MODIS Edges, which are expensive, and they are – maybe list price is probably $6,000, $5,999, something like that. And then you've got the thermal imager, which was at the bottom of the range. The list price is somewhere I think around $1,300, $1,400. So the thing is, is that you've got a lower end at that level. So your big ticket was greater than the Tools Group, but more anchored in the lower end of big ticket than in maybe the quarters we've been used to lately. Tool storage was slightly off this quarter. So the tool storage representation was not as strong in this. So thus the smaller originations than it used to because thermal imagers, the penetration, the need for financing is a lot lower than for tool storage box.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: You're talking about stronger diagnostics. I realize in response to an earlier question you said timing wasn't an issue here, but I know you ran a storage promotion in late third quarter. Is it possible you just pulled forward some storage out of 4Q into 3Q, and that's accounting for the slower growth?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: No, maybe. There's a lot of things. I think – I don't know. Fundamentally these kinds of things are fairly judgmental in that situation (49:23). That's certainly a possibility, although we don't think – we try not to pull ahead those kinds of things, but certainly launches of new products really affect this kind of thing. And remember that you're talking about difference between 3% growth and 6% growth in the Tools Group, you're talking about one set of sockets once a week for every franchisee. So it's a difficult thing to – when you're talking about those differences, it's a difficult thing to pin down exactly the results. I would say if you're talking about tool storage, the biggest effect was hot diagnostics taking a lot of attention.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Same question. Just your net income margin continues to grow. You're now up to pretty impressive 16%. Just given the operating leverage in the business, is there an upside to this number in 2017 when materials' costs are going to be re-inflating and maybe big ticket growth in Tools may be slowing?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Yeah. There is. I mean I think we say that we keep driving up the margin, there's a lot of reasons for this. I mean fundamentally we see a lot of opportunities even today for improvement in Snap-On in every division, that's number one. Number two is, yes, material prices are rising, but we don't buy that much and you've never heard me explain on this call variance associated with material costs and we've made a couple of acquisitions now that gives us more grist for the Snap-On value creation mill.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: So I see lots of opportunities there still. So I don't think, by no means have we hit the top anywhere.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Last question for me. Just on the balance sheet. You ended another year with roughly 1 times net debt-to-EBITDA. You're doing bolt-on transactions, you've obviously been successful in augmenting growth. But just given the strength of your free cash flow, is the capacity here to continue to bolt-ons and grow the dividend while also accelerating your share repurchase activity?
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: Yeah, Dave, it's Aldo. Our principal focus for free cash flow is to look for investment opportunities whether that be organic or by way of acquisitions, that is what we look to. And, again, our strategy along share repurchase is still more or less to offset dilution. And, again, we continue to make contributions into our pension plan. So as we go forward and things change, we'll reexamine those on a quarterly basis, but that's kind of the pecking order right now.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Gary Prestopino from Barrington Research Associates. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. A lot of the questions relating to the Tools Group have been answered, but, Nick, I mean, with the Rock 'N Roll Express vans, which I understand are the ones that are selling these big ticket storage items, have you been increasing that on an absolute basis? Or year-over-year is it pretty steady in terms of the units that are out there?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Bingo! It was flat, but we increased the Techno-Vans, which sells diagnostics. We moved those up 10% in the quarter, 20% year-over-year. So that's a relevant question. I didn't add that before, but that's one of the things that helped drive the diagnostics business. It all come together, new product and more power in the field's marketing of all this. Now, as I've said in the past, I'm not so sure that has an effect, and the fact that we didn't increase Rock 'N Roll vans doesn't necessarily have an effect because we think we get better every quarter at using them, but the fact is we haven't increased them for some time.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. So that helps. And then the other thing you mentioned in your commentary that it was a record number of hit products this year, which I assume a hit product is one that generates over a million of sales.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Exactly.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Could you give us an idea of the magnitude of that growth on a percentage basis, or just the absolute number of hit products...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: I'll just say, I don't like to talk about the absolute number because I don't want to get pinned to the cross of reporting on hit products every year. But I'll just tell you this, versus 10 years ago we've reached more than 6 times.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: And we keep growing on a regular basis.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Scott Stember from C.L. King. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Sure.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Could you maybe talk about currency, I know that heading into the back part of the year, before Brexit we were hoping that we'd get some bouncing out or some flattening of currency, but with the sterling falling off the way that it did certainly it started to hurt. But we've seen the pound actually rebound somewhat. Can you maybe just give us an idea of what your reset expectations are for 2017 for when we could start to see a bottom with impact from currency?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Just to ground ourselves, in the fourth quarter we took about a $15 million hit in revenue from currency and about $0.05 or $4 million on the bottom line in currency. And for the full year we had about $50 million, just north of $50 million, $51.5 million and $0.26 or $23 million in currency. Looking forward, this is the darndest thing; at the end of the year we would have said same stuff. It would have been the same numbers, right. When we looked at it we figured we're going to see more or less the same currency effect that we had last year. You kind of rolled it out maybe a little different in conversation. But since the year-end things have changed, and we think the currency number's kind of half, for ballpark numbers you can kind of look at a half type currency. Look, maybe a little bit more than that early, right now if rates stay right where they are today we think it ends up being about half. And the interesting thing about this is we talked about delinquencies and provisions in the credit company. The effect of currency, the $23 million, is humongous compared to our noise around that. And of course currencies can always change, so tomorrow I may wake up and this may all be different. But if you took them today, we'd expect some relief. And that relief would be big, would be nice.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Got it. And going over to RS&I, you broke out some of the categories. I missed the growth for the independent shop owners. Could you give that number again?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Oh, we're saying double-digit growth for the independent shop owners. The repairs, the diagnostics and software for the independent repair shop owners, Mitchell 1 sells the software in terms of SureTrack with the hundreds of millions of dollars of records of repair. And then diagnostics is the hardware and software-based sale, things like a thermal imager or a handheld diagnostic that will decode everything a car wants to say. So if you take that together it's like double-digits.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Right. And just last question, you talked about the undercar equipment business being, I think, you said low single-digits. Could you just maybe flesh that out? Whether weather-related products for the wheel, tire aligners, wheel aligners and (56:42)...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: I don't know. I hear all that, but I'm not sure I believe it. The thing is that every time I go in a garage sometimes the guys will tell me the weather has shafted us, and other people will say, the snow will make it bad for us because people can't get in. Other people will say the snow makes it good because they have a lot more procedures. So I'm not so sure how to play with that. What I will tell you about this is the Europeans tend to follow this. And the European business was much more sluggish compared to the North American business in this particular area. And Eastern Europe hasn't been too good to us in the equipment business either.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Got it. That's all I have. Thanks again.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Liam Burke from Wunderlich. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Thank you, and good morning, Nick.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Good morning, Liam.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Nick, on C&I you've invested a fair amount in emerging markets. Are you seeing any meaningful move there to help absorb some of that upfront investment?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: No. I wish I could say that I was, but the problem is, it seems like when we take one step forward, we take a step backwards in another place. For example, we're up in China this year, India difficult. I'm sure you're probably familiar with the demonetization in India and people ran out of cash. And a lot of our smaller distributors do a cash business, so our business went – kind of weakened in the third quarter. So we're seeing that kind of balance. The turbulence has bedeviled us lately in terms of Indonesia being down and Thailand being up. So we see progress from a physical point of view, I feel better about the business, but we haven't been able to monetize it yet. I'm confident we will, but it hasn't been a meaningful contributor to us.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Okay. In terms of RCI...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: It will be though. It will be.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: I'm just saying, I'm confident it will be. But it hasn't been yet because we're managing over all those differences.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Okay. Got it. And on RCI, you talk about, obviously, the internal processes. You've moved that out to the van channel, Rock 'N Roll Van and – are some of the examples. Do you have any RCI programs pushed out to the van channel beyond the company-owned vans?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Well, yeah. I mean the thing is, is that a couple of things. Of course, increasingly the franchisees are deciding on their own to add assistants. Now we have about 20% of them up with assistants; I think there's 695 or something like that, up about 20% year-over-year. And that gives them more – in effect adds time to each van. And what we've done is, we've put programs in place to support them: new computer systems, tablets that allow them to have two people wandering around a garage or separated off the van and can still have a cash register in their hand. And so that's been a kind of positive event. That's one thing I can think of for sure. And then, of course, just this quarter we expanded the Techno-Vans, another 10% growth quarter-over-quarter, 20% year-over-year. And that saves time because it puts an expert at the beck and call of a franchisee for a short period of time, and it also gives him and expands his selling space. So the Techno-Vans both amplify the time and allow him to time share more space for selling. So you have those two things going on. There's a number of smaller things which we focus on in terms of how they're going to manage their inventory, how they're going to do other things.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Nick.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our last question from Richard Hilgert at the Morningstar. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Richard Hilgert - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thanks, Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to ask about future technologies in the industry. We're hearing more and more about hybrids coming sooner, battery electrics coming sooner, and obviously some of these things are already out there today, along with autonomous features of vehicles. Are you already developing tools for some of these areas, and if so, what are some of the areas that you're already seeing coming through for new tooling and electronics diagnostics?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Sure. I mean we are developing, actually remember: change is our friend. It requires the mechanic to change his tool set and to get new implements to allow him to repair these cars. And make no mistake about it, they need repair. And so we are working on this but just to be clear, unfortunately for us, it ain't happening next Thursday. There are 300 million vehicles on the road in North America and a very micro-percentage of them are really hybrids and electronic, even today. But we are doing new things. For example, hybrids and electronics, we have a whole line of insulating tools. If you're poking around inside those engine compartments whether they are electric or hybrid, there's a lot of voltage in there, you don't want to get fried. And in fact there's a lot of danger. So a whole set of tools has to be used to particularly do that and we have them available. In terms of automated cars, that's what I was talking about in terms of torque. Any time a car becomes more reliant on a system, it requires more calibration, more precise adjustment. And torque is one of the things that's more important. Of course, there's a whole bunch of other things like alignment and tire balancing, and a number of things that emanate from precision that opens up a whole new range of opportunities for us. So as cars become more automatic, we're investing in torque. You heard me talk about the AT300. Because of the need for that precision, that's why the SUVs and light trucks are requiring this precise torques of such large numbers. They didn't used to do that. And in terms of things like lane departure systems or self-parks or adjusting automated cruise control, they all need more of this and that means precision. That's why we're buying in the torque sector because we believe this is a natural emanation of it. And one of the bright spots of the Tools Group in the fourth quarter was torque was up substantially, verifying that, confirming that view of the world.
Richard Hilgert - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. Great. My other question, it deals with some of the questions that I'm getting from investors with respect to the finance operations. Aldo, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the credit policy there and how it works. Some of the pushback I get is that there's concern that the franchisees are given too much credit authority, and that collecting it back might be more difficult for them. Is there any kind of comments you can make about the credit policy standards right now? And the fact that the business isn't necessarily growing because policies are getting weak, it's just a matter of the business and its natural growth rates?
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: Yeah, Richard. I think that last word is a good one. The business policy of sorts is to rely heavily on our experience. And when I say our experience that also includes the experience curve of the franchisees themselves. We have a traditional database that you get reports from various agencies and credit bureaus and things of that nature. We have our own internal history, which means a lot, and we keep that as a reservoir of information at the credit company. And we actually stripe and monitor the progress that our franchisees make along their path through a career in this business and track trends, and are able to instill in them some training. We provide training when we go to the periodic conferences. But they are in a position to meet their customers up close and personal each and every week for the most part, and offer back to the credit company, an informed credit decision that might not be apparent in the bureaus or in the database, such as, what's the peer group feedback on that technician in a garage. What is the garage itself doing? Is there a stream of work or does it look like a garage vulnerable to a downturn? My point is that there's a lot of information resident in the franchisees and their own employees, because some of them do have employees. And we try to incorporate that into our final decision when we make a credit choice. So as the model evolves, it's always enhanced. As the franchisees attempt to grow, they reach into new spaces, they meet new customers, those customers will have different credit profiles. And you adjust accordingly along the way.
Richard Hilgert - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Very good. Thanks again for taking my questions.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And it appears we have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn it back over to Ms. Leslie Kratcoski for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks, Savannah. We appreciate everyone joining the call today. A replay will be available on snapon.com shortly. And as always, we thank you for your interest in the company. Good day.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time and have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie Kratcoski - VP-IR Nicholas Pinchuk - Chairman & CEO Aldo Pagliari - CFO & SVP-Finance
Analysts: Joe Vruwink - Baird Liam Burke - Wunderlich David MacGregor - Longbow Research Tom Hayes - Northcoast Research Bret Jordan - Jefferies Scott Stember - C.L. King Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Richard Hilgert - Morningstar
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2016 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please, go ahead, ma'am.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, Rachael, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's third quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer, and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer, as well as on our website, snapon.com, under Investor Information. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or they substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our Q3 earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everyone. As usual I'll start with the third quarter highlights providing update on the environment, and speak about some of our trends. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of the financial. In the third quarter we again showed progress along our runway for growth and for improvement. And we saw those gains across all our operating segment. Total reported sales were $834.1 million up 1.5% and that included $9.7 million of unfavorable currency. It also included the incremental $1.1 million of sales from last year's acquisition of Ecotechnics. Organic sales were up 2.6% and the OpCo operating margin it was up 140 basis points reaching 18.9%. When you add in the $50.6 million of operating earnings and financial services and that was up from $43.5 million in 2015 but consolidated operating margin was 23%, an increase of 180 basis points. Our EPS was $2.22, up $0.24 a double digit increase, rising 12.1% from last year. Let's consider the environment. Automotive repair continues to be favorable and we believe our Tools Group and our Repairs Systems and Information or RS&I Group, they're both well positioned to take full advantage of that opportunity. The Tools Group clearly demonstrated enhancements to the franchise network, gains in both the North America and European markets continuing to make the most of the opportunities so abundant in an aging and changing vehicle fleet. At RS&I serving repair shop owners and managers, sales progress was mix. The volume of diagnostics and repair information products to independent shop was up mid single-digit. For the OEM side, activity with individual dealers was up, while programs commissioned by the OEM manufacturers, a historically lumpy space was down. Under car equipment was flat with variations from product line to product line. For Commercial and Industrial or C&I the group was up organically 1.5%. Snap-on Europe, SNA Europe was higher again making progress against the turbulence of Brexit and the other uncertainties across its market. The industrial business was flat reflecting the challenges we’ve seen now for a year. Significantly however the critical industry activity recorded the second straight quarter of sequential growth following more than year of decrease, reductions driven by the difficult macro environment in areas like oil and gas, military and the Middle East. Now there will always be headwinds across our operations. They’ve been a factor in other quarters and they were present in the third quarter but we did overcome, we did see it growing because we’re well positioned to confront the challenges and continue to proceed down our runways for growth, enhancing the franchise network, expanding with repairs shop owners and managers, expanding to critical industries and building in emerging markets. These do represent our growth strategy and we continue to make progress along those quarter. At the same time, those growth drivers are joined and supported by the benefits of Snap-on value creation, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation, rapid continuous improvement or as we call it RCI. Together these are the processes, the tools we use each and every day to drive improvement and improvement is written all over our results especially customer connection, understanding the works of professional technician and innovation matching that insight with technology to make work easier. Snap-on value creation once again led to more prestigious awards. We were recently honored with two MOTOR magazine top 20 and with five professional tool and equipment news or P10 innovation award. Those winners represent only a fraction of a wide array of new products born out of insight, of the insight of our franchises and our direct sales people, transplanting workplace observations into productivity solution and in the quarter those customer connections were a big factor in our results. To see some of that let's move to the individual groups. Commercial and Industrial, organic sales is up with an operating margin reaching 15.1%, an increase of 80 basis points from last year’s 14.3%, the benefit of Snap-on value creation evident in the ongoing stream of innovative new products developed for the critical industry. One of those products launched in the third quarter by our Industrial division is the PWZ five pliers wrench. This wrench is the latest and the largest model in a popular Snap-on PWZ series. It’s a long 41.34 in inches. It can handle jobs that would traditionally require a pipe wrench with much less slippage for better overall performance and for better safety. It features inwardly angled teeth, fine at the back, large at the front for stronger and more secured grip on objects of all sizes and the narrow jaw design gives improved accessibility in tight compartments and in those cramped corners. It’s perfect for applications on tie rods and other areas that are hard to reach in industries like railroad, oil and gas, for serving fleet, actually any heavy duty application. You heard me speak about in the past about our growing industrial product line. Well this wrench is another great ignition to our handful line up for critical industries. Now SNA Europe, 12 quarters in a row of year-over-year growth navigating some difficult geographies and some taped economies. SNA sales activity continues to be positive but its profits are even more encouraging now up for 14 straight quarters and we believe there is still more opportunity. And the Asia Pacific operation mixed environment across the region, we continue to invest in building our physicals and the Asia operation has gains contributing to the progress in the quarter. So that's C&I. Now on to the tools. Organic sale is up 5.6% significant growth both in the U.S. and international and the internationally. Operating income of $64.6 million compared to $56.3 million in 2015, the operating income margin of 16.3% rose 150 basis points from last year’s 14.8%. Volume gains as well as operating improvement from RCI translated into a significant margin rise and that 150 basis point gain it over attained 60 basis point of negative currency. When you consider the Tools Groups’ success you can see the power of Snap-on value creation of customer connection and innovation. The MOTOR Top 20 and the P10 award represent just a few examples of the recognition our products continue to receive. Awards from industry publications but also awards from the professionals that use our tools every day. Innovation is consistently innovation, it’s consistently been a key contributor to our Tools Group and in the third quarter more new products. Like our reversible ratcheting combination wrench, the latest in the line of a Snap-on wrench of adding a reversible feature to our patented ratcheting mechanism utilizing our dual 80 technology combining dual pulls with thin walls, box end designs, smooth operation, more torque transferring tight basis and a port it incorporates the iconic Snap-on plank drive profile biting into fasteners without rounding corners preventing slippage. The new reversible ratcheting combo wrench it’s more turning power, enhanced durability, compact design and built stronger to last longer. This is the core of Snap-on value creation. Customer connection and innovation solving specific problems in the shop. Take the new 20 millimeter 12-point impact socket born from hours of observations in the workplace, hours of observation at workplace. This socket is designed to remove head bolts in large industrial engines, long enough to reach the deepest of inaccessible and strong enough to remove the toughest fasteners a unique combination. It’s produced in our Elkmont, Alabama plant and it’s essential for servicing large off road equipment. It may not be needed often but when it is it’s critical and Snap-on has it. It’s just another example of our commitment to make work easier solving our technician’s most challenging problem. In the third quarter it’s also when hold the annual Snap-on franchisee conference or SFC. This year it was in Orlando with more than 8,700 attendees franchisee and family members from over 3,000 routes, three days of showcasing the opportunities, the opportunities to enhance the franchise channel and I can report to you because I was there that based on the optimism and the confidence of our franchisees it was big success in orders because we orders at these events and orders while they were up once again beating the record levels of 2015. Now when we speak of the wrench, we also have to consider the strategic combination of Snap-on credit. Our financial services are on help to create opportunities across the organization but especially within the Tools Group it’s been an ongoing partnership for over 50 years and our credit company had a strong presence at this year’s SFC supporting franchisees with unique program. 270,000 of our approximately 875,000 about 30% of our technician customers in the United States have credit company contract enabling those big ticket item. The credit company has been a key part of franchisee success and the third quarter was no exception to that. Now let’s move to RS&I. Organic sales were up 1.7%. The operating market of 25.1%, it increased 50 basis points from the 24.6% registered last year. As I mentioned RS&S clearly show progress in providing repair information and diagnostics to independent show owners and managers. And certainly a portion of that growth came from innovative new product several launch at the SFC. Product like the MODIS Edge, our latest diagnostic offering an enhanced industrial design, improved ergonomics, reduced weight and Code Scan capability that allows the Tech to scan all of the vehicles computer system with the systems with the push of a single button. It also contains fast excess oil change and recent information, automatic vehicle identification and are unique SureTrack expert database. All features specifically designed to save the technician significant time. This new handheld is lighter, faster and smarter and simply based on the excited crowds of franchises at the SFC that carved out precious time to a 10 MODIS Edge handheld training. We expect this to be a very popular item. Another exciting SFC launch was our Diagnostic Thermal Imager, this completely new Snap-on offering a breakthrough and pinpointing drop with a graphical display illustrating surface data, temperature data and a referenced library of nominal and respect thermal images for a variety of auto parts found in break, emission system and in vehicle electrical equipment. We believe we have a winner with the Diagnostic Thermal Imager and autos at the SFC prove it, its sold out. And RCI innovation wasn’t just an diagnostic product. Take the brand new polytech air conditioning unit from our recent acquisition eco technique. Develop and manufacture specifically for the North American market meeting a very aggressive launch both our US and our Canadian customers have a firm strength of the units designed performance. Its been our real testament to the capability of the eco techniques team. And speaking of products, I’m getting more to sell to repair shop owners and managers. This week we entered into a definite agreement to acquire Car-O-Liner based in Gothenburg, Sweden, but reaching around the globe. Car-O-Liner product offering in its special expertise are important editions to the Snap-on team providing extraordinary capabilities in collision repairs at segment were changed now authoring opportunity. It’s an operation that strengthens our position both in auto and in the heavy duty. Car-O-Liner is another coherent business and we believe that match with Snap-on team, it offers substantial possibilities for both growth and for improvement, all of that. Great opportunity going forward. So that’s the highlights of our quarter. Organic sales, up 2.6% gains across all group progress along our runways for growth. Snap-on value creation trying our customer connection insights into innovative new products and along with our ongoing RCI initiatives driving margin improvement and it all shows in a result. Optical OI margin arising to 18.9%, up a 140 basis points. EPS of $2.22, up 12.1%. It was an encouraging quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our third quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $834.1 million were up $12.6 million or 1.5%. Due to the strengthening of the US dollar or currency moment adversely impacted our Q3 sales comparisons by 120 basis points excluding $9.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation and $1.1 million of acquisition related sales. Organic sales increased 2.6% reflecting pretty good progress and serving the vehicle repair sector as well as well as improvements in sales in our commercial and industrial segment. Consolidated gross margin of 50.2% grew 70 basis points from 2015 leveled, primarily due to benefits from higher sales in savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $261.5 million yielded an operating expense margin of 31.3% in the quarter, an improvement of 70 basis points, primarily due to sales volume leverage and lower pension expense. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before financial services of a $157.6 million including $4 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased 9.7% and as a percentage of sales improved 140 basis points to 18.9%. Financial services revenue of $71.6 million in the quarter increased 17.2% from 2015 level. And operating earnings of $50.6 million increased 16.3%. Consolidated operating earnings of $208.2 million including $4.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased 11.3% and the operating margin of 23% improved 180 basis points from 21.2% a year ago. Our third quarter effective income tax rate of 31.2% compared to 31.6% last year. For the full year we now anticipate that our 2016 effective income tax rate will be slightly below our full-year 2015 rate of 31.7%. Finally, net earnings of $131.7 million or $2.22 per diluted share increased $14.9 million or $0.24 per share for 2015 levels, representing a 12.1% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now let’s turn to our segment results. Starting with commercial and industrial, our C&I Group on Slide 7. Sales of $289.3 million in the third quarter increased modestly over 2015 levels excluding $3.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation, organic sales increased 1.5%, primarily due to a mid-single-digit increase in the segment's European-based hand tools business and a low single-digit increase in both the segment's power tools and Asia Pacific operations. Organic sales to customers in critical industries were essentially flat and the decline to the aerospace market segment was largely offset by gain in sales to the military and increases in both the technical education and natural resources market segments. Despite the continued presence of certain headwinds in the industrial space, we were encouraged that sales performance has improved what we had seen earlier in the year. Gross profit of the C&I Group of $112.7 million compared $109.5 million last year. The gross margin of 39% improved to 110 basis points primarily due to savings from RCI initiatives and 40 basis points of favorable foreign currency effect. Operating expenses of $69 million in the quarter compared to $68.2 million last year. The operating expense margin of 23.9% increased to 30 basis points, primarily as a result of higher cost including cost associated with continued expansion initiatives in Asia and 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the C&I segment of $43.7 million including 0.3 million of favorable foreign currency effects increased $2.4 million of 2015 levels and the operating margin of 15.1% improved 80 basis points from 14.3% last year, representing a recent high for C&I and up a 130 basis points sequentially. Turning now to Slide 8. Third quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $397.2 million increased 4.4%. Excluding $4.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation, organic sales increased $21.2 million or 5.6% reflecting mid-single-digit gains in both the company’s US and international franchise operations. Gross profit of $173.3 million compared to $166.5 last year. Gross margin of 43.6% declined 20 basis points as benefits from higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives were more than offset by 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effect. Operating expenses of $108.7 million in the quarter compared $110.2 million last year. The operating expense margin of 27.3% improved to 170 basis points, primarily due to sales volume leverage and savings from RCI and other cost reduction initiatives. As a result of these factor, operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $64.6 million including $3.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased $8.3 million and the operating margin of 16.3% improved 150 basis points from 14.8% last year. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I Group, shown on Slide 9, third quarter sale of $286.1 million increased 1.1% from 2015 level excluding $2.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation and $1.1 million of acquisition related sales, organic sales increased 1.7%. The organic sales increase primarily reflects a mid-single-digit gain in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers. In the quarter, sales of both undercar equipment and sales to OEM dealerships were essentially flat. As Nick mentioned, sales to OEM dealerships this quarter were practically impacted by the timing of essential tool of facilitation program sale. For example, sales in Q3 of last year benefited from a refrigeration related facility action program which has since lapsed. Gross profit of $133.1 million compared to $130.9 last year and a gross margin of 46.5% improved 20 basis points, primarily due to savings from RCI initiatives partially offset by 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $61.3 million in the quarter compared to $61.2 million last year. The operating expense margin of 21.4% grew 30 basis point principally due to savings from RCI initiatives. Third quarter operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $71.8 million including $1.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased $2.1 million from prior level and the operating margin of 25.1% improved 50 basis points from 24.6% last. As we announced earlier this week and as Nick mentioned in his remarks, we have entered into an definitive agreement to purchase Car-O-Liner. Car-O-Liner annual sales are approximately $95 million and we expect them to generate operating income margin somewhat similar to those of RS&I undercar equipment business which are typically in the low teens. We expect to complete the acquisition of Car-O-Liner within the next month. Our plan is to fund the transaction with a combination of cash on hand and approximately $125 million in issuances of commercial paper. Now, turning to Slide 10. Operating earnings from financial services of $50.6 million on revenue of $71.6 million compared to operating earnings of $43.5 million on revenue of $61.1 million last. Financial services expenses in the quarter included some additional headcount related expenses to help better serve our growing portfolio. But, as a percentage of the average portfolio financial services expenses were 1.2% in both periods. The average yield on financial receivables of 18% in the quarter compared to 17.9% last year and the average yield on contract receivables of 9.4% compared to 9.5% last year. Originations of $269.8 million in the quarter increased 4.7% prior year level. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $1.8 billion of gross financing receivables including $1.6 million from our US operation. Approximately 81% of our US financing portfolio relates to expanded credit loans to technicians. The first nine months of 2016, our worldwide financial services portfolio grew $190.3 million. As per finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectation. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operations of $111.9 million in the quarter decreased $1.8 million from comparable 2015 level. Its higher net earnings were more than offset by $11.4 million of higher cash tax maintenance and $5.4 million of higher US pension contributions. Net cash used by investing activities of $69.2 million included $56 million fund, a net increase in finance receivables and $16.5 million of capital expenditures. Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable increased $26.6 million in 2015 year-end levels reflecting both higher sales in an increase in days sales outstanding from 60 days year-end to 63 days at third quarter end. Inventories increased $25.8 million in 2015 year-end levels, primarily to support continued higher customer demand and new product introductions. On a trailing 12 months basis, inventory turns of 3.3 compared with 3.5 turns at 2015 year-end. Our quarter end cash position of $117.5 million increased $24.7 million from 2015 year-end levels. The net increase includes $501.7 million of cash collections of finance receivables and $415.6 million of cash from operations. These cash increases were largely offset by the funding of $691.4 million of finance receivables, dividend payment of $106.3 million, the repurchase of 492,000 shares for $76.4 million and $56.6 million for capital expenditures. Our net debt to capital ratio 22.6% compared with 24.6% at 2015 year-end. In addition to our $117 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities and our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper markets. As of third quarter end, we had $8 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. That concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance. And I'll now turn the call back over to Nick. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks Aldo. Stepping back and looking at the Snap-on third quarter; we believe a number of things are apparent. Our part of the auto repair market is solid. As we've seen in the past that followed the different trajectory that new car sale. It was reliable even in the withering discussion of 2009 and strong today. And we believe our ability to take advantage of that opportunity grows every quarter and you can see it in a result.  Tools Group, sales up 5.6% organically. The franchises were prosperous and stronger. The group's OI margin up 150 basis points against 60 basis points of unfavorable currency. The credit company continue to serve as the Tools Group's strategic partner and enabling franchises and technicians as it has done for five decades to recession after recession without disruption.  RS&I selling to repair shop owners and managers mixed growth in uncovering the usual ups and downs of OEM sponsored programs, but showing real progress with individual shot, both independent and dealers. And C&I a mixed turbulence but now growing again, showing year over year and sequential gains despite the difficult macros and despite the difficult macros registering operating margin of 15.1% up 80 basis points. Showing what we believe is confirmation of the great value it offers as run rate of coherent growth. And finally in the result you can see the effects of Snap-on value creation more new product driving gains and the engine of rapid continues improvement offering efficiency, it all came together for organic sales growth of 2.6% and an optical operating margin of 18.9%, up 140 basis point and an EPS of $2.22 and increase of 12.1% a double digit gain again. And the Car-O-Liner acquisition giving us more to sale, more opportunities for coherent growth and providing more possibilities for the Snap-on value creation to drive progress. The great opportunity. It was an encouraging quarter and we believe it clearly confirms the future of continuous Snap-on growth and improvement as we move through the end of this year and into 2017 and beyond.  Before I turn the call over to the operator for questions, I'll keep directly to our franchises and associates. I know that many of you are listening or will listen to this call. Once again you should know that the encouraging performance of our corporation is only possible because of your capability, your energy and your dedication. For your extraordinary contribution to our progress you have my congratulations and for your unfailing commitment to our team, you have my thanks. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from David Leiker with Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Hi, good morning. This is Joe Vruwink for David. I wanted to discuss the deceleration in origination growth this quarter. So maybe for context, can you revisit the driver of the double-digit origination growth, that has been seen in recent quarters? And then maybe comment on whether demand conditions or other items change for those same drivers, or those same products in the current quarter?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. Look, a couple of things, first of all big ticket the idea of Snap-on tool storage and diagnostic were strong in a quarter, in fact stronger than - so much stronger than the overall Snap-on tools growth and incidentally this is side hand tools were also pretty strong in the quarter. So it was still a good quarter for big ticket items, which are the principle driver for these things. Secondly and the reason that is the case. Reason why big ticket has been the case it's because we've been investing in product, great new tool storage products and number of used features and number of great attractive product that get customers excited. The fact that diagnostics are more important in the repair shop than ever before and technicians are trying to - I guess caliber off to have better and bigger diagnostic take care of those products. It's natural that big ticket items would be stronger, so you would see that. So I think that looking at the Tools Group and seeing that lead the way is just a consequence of our investment in the marketplace and as the kinds of product we've had and the demand to the market associated - the shift in the market associated with more diagnostic. And also our investment in enabling event that breakthrough the original structural barriers of the bands that is the space and time the Rock n Roll CADs which we talked about quite a bit which helped tool storage and the Techno band we have 67 of them now. In a Techno band we have 49 of them and that drive fairly robust bigger ticket items sale. In terms of higher-double digit before - double digit origination before and somewhat less originations now, you can't trade quarter-to-quarter, because there isn’t a perfect one-to-one correlation. Remember that when you are looking at originations you are looking at franchisee sales. When you are looking at the Tools Group you are looking at our sales. We sell for the franchisees but the timing is different then you have on top of that the franchise margin and then we have on top of that the idea that a tool storage sale or diagnostic sale may ignite the couple of trading type sales which would also be somewhat supported by the credit card. So, you put those all together and that shows the landscape, but when we step back and we look at the say, 2015 numbers, when we look at the 2015 numbers about origination and the Tools Group big ticket sale, they seem pretty much the same. And this year we start to see year to date the same kind of thing.
Joe Vruwink: So I'm sure you know, in the market, there seems to be this idea that tools group growth is only strong because origination growth is strong. This quarter, you actually maintained a strong rate of growth, organic growth, stable quarter over quarter, originations came down. That either to me seems like the hand tool category may be strengthened quarter over quarter, or this whole relationship of painting tools group as a byproduct of the credit business maybe isn't the most accurate relationship.
Nicholas Pinchuk: This is the most accurate. The tools group is a strategic partner- I mean the credit company is the strategic partner of the Tools Group. But if you think about it, yes, okay, but only 270,000 of our 875,000 customers, they have a credit company contract that's only about 30%. So if you think as a Tools Group growth been driven exclusively by the credit company mojo, think again. It just isn’t that wide, of course, it is grown because the market has - the customers have turned that way and we have invested into support that with new product and also part of the way we figured out how to enable the band has been associated with that segment. But it's a natural thing, I've been talking about the Rock n Roll CADs for multiple quarters and that would naturally of course drive a little bit more credit company activity. Okay?
Joe Vruwink: And then my last question if I can, the comps are difficult, so to do the growth you did this quarter was positive. I'm just thinking, you took 3,000 routes down intra-quarter for the franchisee conference. Is there any indication based on vans coming back online, and your order activity, that’s the pace of sales you got strength in year-over-year in the Q4?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I am not in the business of projecting out. I'll only say this is what I said on the call, look. The Franchisee Conference was baffled. It was really good and the enthusiasm was good, so I can tell it anecdotally or anybody was there was talking anecdotally I'm just with the national franchises, the National Franchise Advisory report and they are all positive. And quantitative piece is the orders were up, it was up over the record that we set last year at the SFC. Now they don’t translate one to one in sale, they were up significantly. It doesn’t translate one to one, but what it says is our guys saw the new product they were confident in the future they invested and they ordered so they think good things are coming.
Joe Vruwink: Great, thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Liam Burke with Wunderlich.
Liam Burke: Thank you. Good morning Nick, good morning Aldo. Aldo, in your prepared statement, maybe you can answer, you talked about the physicals, the investment in emerging markets of C&I. Are you seeing any kind of significant revenue growth there to begin absorbing that upfront investment?
Aldo Pagliari: The emerging markets tend to have their own volatility and lumpiness so to speak for lack of a better word but we believe that the secret to penetrating the emerging markets is to establish physical presence, people, place, products that suite those market and those environments. So through thick and thin we’re continuously looking for opportunities to expand our footprint because we know that what we’ve today could still be improved upon. So that’s basically our philosophy when it comes to that Liam.
Nicholas Pinchuk: We’re investing in things like more Blue-Point stores, more products. You are trying to expand your product line and more sales outlets. For example we just opened another sales outlet in Vietnam this quarter. So that’s the kind of investment we’re doing because in the 11 years I lived in Asia I know I am confident that the building of the physical allows you to take advantage of the market as it matures.
Liam Burke: And, same with C&I, on the new product introductions, you talked about that being a big driver of incremental growth. Are there any particular verticals that you, this quarter, saw opportunity to put new product into the market?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, we had - we talked about couple of those. I mean I think in this particular market the natural resources we’ve been - I can only say that actually we’re trying to play the long game in C&I. We believe we’re trying to build our activity in each of these markets. So for example, not in this particular quarter because we wouldn’t make product adjustment for a quarter. We see opportunities, we build out – our goal was to build up in each of the markets. For example last year we brought out 929 new products just for aviation, 313 for oil and gas even though it was, we’re having probably one of the most difficult times, 313 for military even though it was a difficult time. So we just keep addition not so much targeting. Now we still have some great opportunities they are still on heavy duty, the substitute for the pipe wrench, that’s been a great new product. And so we see things like that all the time. We see enhancements to our visual control system, our tool control system which we’ve seen now. Amazingly we’ve seen the tool control system more and go bleed into oil and gas. We have a major sale in Canada associated with oil and gas as opposed when we had been using it just for aviation. We can see it rolling into railroad with small enhancements. That’s the kind of thing we’re doing.
Liam Burke: Great. Thanks Nick, thanks Aldo.
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Good morning everyone. Congratulations Nick, on a good quarter. The question is on the tools group and your margin is up 150 basis points, including 60 BPs of negative FX. You have come through a period where you have a period of hypergrowth, as that term might be applied to this particular category. That growth seems to be slowing now. Obviously, there is a lot of cost opportunity that is out of reach when you're getting that kind of growth, but now the growth is easing a little bit. Maybe that cost opportunity becomes more accessible. The question is how sustainable are these year-over-year margin progression numbers, given that you now have a cost of opportunity you might not have had for the last couple of years?
Aldo Pagliari: I think there is some truth in what you say there, I don’t think you can predict quarter by quarter in this kind of situation. Of course one is with your eyeballs are looking for trying to double-digit growth that kind of things you maybe perhaps have some efficiency opportunities but we like to believe we take full advantage of those kind of things. I think though if you look at our overall number, if you look at the OI margin growth for the corporation and you take a look at the year-over-year OpCo margin and you go back and see it, you’ll see that it’s been triple-digits on awful lot of times awfully far back in peak sales growth and small sales growth. So I think we’ve been able to grow that margin in a lot of different situations on an overall basis. Now in the situation at Tools Groups it does give you a little more advantage, little opportunity to look at that but I wouldn’t allow the characterization that 5.6% is low. I think that’s pretty good growth. I mean we’re taking about 5.6% organically in GDP that are throwing between 1 and 2 all over the world. So I think it’s pretty good.
David MacGregor: If I could just follow-up with a couple of other quick ones.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes.
David MacGregor: The slower growth in the origination, how much of that was just the flat under car?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Say that again please.
David MacGregor: The slower growth in originations I am just wondering how much of that might have been due to lack of growth in under car.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, I don’t think it’s that much. I mean the thing is that of course there some under car equipment that gets sold in to the Tools Group space but just primarily when you’re talking about the origination, the primary driver is tool storage and the second driver is the big ticket diagnostics. So it’s not real. There is some of it in there floating around but I don’t think that’s much of a factor.
David MacGregor: Okay, last question, I know you are going to market through your franchisees but you have a pretty substantial distribution arrangement as well. Was de-stocking within your distribution partners – how much of a growth inhibitor was that in the quarter?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I am sure there was some of it but I’d have to say it might have been, it would have shown up in the industrial business that was flat like I said it was up sequentially which gave us some positives. I don’t think it was huge factor this quarter, it might been some evolving.
David MacGregor: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Hayes with Northcoast Research.
Tom Hayes: Good morning gentlemen. On the RS&I group, Nick, your organic growth rates have been bouncing around the last couple of quarters. I wanted a little bit of clarity digging into that a bit. Maybe the route trajectory of the diagnostic equipment, versus the undercar that is in there as well.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, look, like we said in the I think the statements, the formal statements is that diagnostic information and products and diagnostics so that will be like Mitchell and diagnostics the software and the handheld hardware to independent repair shop owners and managers were up mid single-digit and it’s been up. That kind of number gee I think every quarter for a long time. I can attest to it exactly but I think that in most quarters it’s has been bouncing around mid to high single-digit.
Tom Hayes: Okay.
Nicholas Pinchuk: So I think that’s doing pretty well. The big thing about diagnostics at this time I mean, not diagnostics but RS&I this time as I tried to make clear in the quarter we have this business in RS&I which produces, which takes contracts, OEM commission contract to distribute where you could talk potential tools or facilitate a project. So for example you might have somebody’s Aldo referred to this to do some air-conditioning, provide an air-conditioning reclaim system for all its dealers. One of the manufacturers is like, I want you to provide this air-conditioning system, I want you to get it my dealers, I want it to be two per dealer and I want it to be rolled out in the next four quarters or three quarters. We rolled it out. That’s a pretty big piece of sales. You might have another one that does an essential tool for a particular new product or a new technology that rolls out on an new truck that rolls to in a quarter but what happens is these are driven by the view of the OEM and the technology and the differences that are rolling through their new models. So they tend to be quite lumpy and what happened in this quarter for that particular type of business this was kind of a strong quarter in that business and that created the overhang, one of the overhangs in RS&I.
Tom Hayes: Okay, and then on the…
Nicholas Pinchuk: But the stuff we sell to individual dealers was pretty good.
Tom Hayes: On the Car-O-Liner acquisition, that was roughly $95 million in revenue. Is that a little bit of geographic clarity, is that all Europe, or is that spread across?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, no. It’s like about, it’s like this. It’s about 45% U.S. about 30% in Europe and the rest in the rest of the world but there is a big piece of that like 20 points or 25 points in Asia. That’s the way it works. And the 275 people, 100 in the factories, 150 selling, 50 engineers and the rest to do in other thing.
Tom Hayes: Okay. Lastly if I could for Aldo. Fourth quarter last year on the operating expenses it took a pretty big step down versus 3Q of ’15. Is there anything in there that maybe you guys held back last year that we need to think about this year?
Aldo Pagliari: No I mean the top of mind you can think about the creates little bit of volatility if there is a changes in mark to market, it's depending on stock price one way or the other.
Tom Hayes: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
David Kelley: Good morning. This is David Kelley in for Bret. Just a quick follow-up on RS&I, and specifically the undercar business being flat. We have heard similar commentary from other aftermarket retailers and installers, and they mostly have been referencing the residual impact from last year's mild winter weather. Just thinking about some of the industry fundamentals and miles driven being up, it feels like it's a bit surprising that segment is still lagging. The question is, do you think there is some pent-up demand there, or some real opportunity for you as we lap last winter, and slowly inch to 2017?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don’t know. For us the winter thing is a double-edge sword. I heard people say winter is tough and therefore we don’t sale balances or we don’t sale -- we don’t do tire service, we'll service when winter is mild. So we don’t do as much tire service. On the other hand I heard people say, yes, people are crashing into each other left and side there is lot of repair, we need more or less, we need more alignment going on. People are running into bumpers or bouncing into potholes. So it's a double-edge sword. I am not so sure, but I do think there is opportunity in our business. What we saw there was variation from product to product. We saw kind of stronger quarter and alignment and couple of the other product lines that are little bit weaker. We didn’t really think it was very significant or indicative of anything actually for us. We do think there is opportunity for the equipment business going forward though because we like our product. 
David Kelley: Okay, great. So you don’t see any real structural issue that for whatever reason undercars?.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don’t think so. We don’t see it anyway and we are in garage with every -- we have people in garage for hours every week.
David Kelley: Sure, sure. And a follow-up on the strong tools organic growth, I was just wondering if you could talk about some of the drivers there, the specific product segments that are just really outperforming as of late? Or even regional trends, are you seeing some specific region or part of the U.S.?
Nicholas Pinchuk: There can be regional trends, but they tend to very quarter to quarter, they tell you the truth. The thing is I can tell you I was just with a bunch of franchises, and from all over the country this is the National Franchise Advisory conference, they all seemed positive. And they are representing the region. So I didn’t run into a single person who was saying, this is tough. And we are saying that they were positive. At the SFC I can't emphasize enough, how important is it when people order more year-over-year. What is means is they are putting their money on the line, they are committing to taking products that they think things are going to positive, so they got a positive outlook. So we feel good about that. What's driving our business I think maybe three factors. One is our new products pretty robust. You heard me talk about couple of them for handtools. Handtools were up in the quarter, tool storage were up in the quarter, diagnostic were up in the quarter. We talk about that product line because I think about customer innovation is better than ever before. We have more products than we ever had. Secondly, our franchises are stronger. They are stronger and the despite the fact they are stronger they seem to be hungrier for more products. And thirdly, we've invested in things in the vans like Rock N' Roll Cabs. The Techno-Vans and our franchises are so confident that taking on system, so the model itself is getting better that another way it's a great market. Auto repair is a great market and like I said every quarter we know how to take better advantage to the opportunity. You can see it. 
David Kelley: Okay, great, thanks. One more for me, and thanks again for taking my questions, I will pass it along. You referenced the jump into the US collision market with the deal. How do we think about US collision here? My understanding is you didn't have a ton of exposure to that market, and I know the US collision sector from talking to the LKQs and Coparts of the world, has certainly been strong, and feels like it is going to be strong for the next few years. What do you think you opportunity is in U.S. collision?
Nicholas Pinchuk: We like it for a few reason, one is we believe car liner is a great brand, but we smear the Snap-on over it even stronger. Secondly, this is a space which is changing, different materials are requiring different modes of collision repair. And car liner's the out front on that regards with their product line and our research and engineering can augment those 50 or 45 engineers at car liners to make them better. Thirdly, we think that repair start to become more important in collision shops because there is intelligent distributor around the car. You get a dent you got repair things and so we can bring the repair aspect the collision shops something no one else can do in this space. Our products in terms of our physical products and data base associated with repair. So we think it’s a great coherent acquisition.
David Kelley: All right great. I appreciate the color. Thanks again.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Scott Stember from C.L. King.
Scott Stember: Good morning. Can you maybe talk about Brexit, your initial observations, whether you have seen any impact on the UK market? And either from a sales or a currency perspective? And then, maybe just to talk about your expectations for currency. It looks like we still have some headwinds. I know initially before Brexit there was a thought that later in this year, that the comparisons would start to flatten out. Can you maybe talk about those two things?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, look Brexit of course as I referred is a challenge for as part of the turbulence in Europe. But in fact if you look at the three pieces of our businesses in Europe, if you look at the Tools Group up strong in the U.K., you look at RS&I up nicely but you look at SNA Europe and SNA Europe was up in the quarter again I think it was the 12 straight quarter of growth. That was down slightly. So Brexit might have hurt them a little bit, it really would but generally overall volume it was great market for Snap-on. U.K. was one of our better market. The problem is in the currency so it becomes a big liner in terms of - it becomes a big effect in terms of sales, translation effect on our sales because we have pretty good sales in pounds and secondly remember we’re selling into the British market, selling in pound but we’re making in dollars, we’re making in United States. So we have a transitional impact. So if you step back and you look at our currency overall for the corporation that $2.22 it has $0.05 of currency impact and a lot of that was the U.K., a lot of that was the UK. Of course there were some other factors in there. And then looking forward when you start at look at the UK kind of went down in the quarter so we think kind of like from a sales perspective looking forward we probably don’t see as much pressure from translation but the profitability will be about the same maybe a little bit more impacted going forward because of the pound. Now going out beyond where are now. That’s based on where we sit today in terms of the pound. If the pound gets weaker it will impact us more. But that’s the major factor. We think our product and our improved capabilities overwhelm the sales factor, the selling factor just the currency sensitive factor.
Scott Stember: Got it. And the last question on weather again, taking a different slant, the record warmth that we have had this summer, maybe for air-conditioning related products, have you seen any jump in demand for any tools that are related to any AC repair?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I am sure that happened but I can’t you quote you any figures on that, I haven’t sliced the tools by virtually AC repair. That is one of the thing that does happen. Every year there is a new story about that, it’s a hard winter or short winter and people have different tools. The cool thing about Snap-on is, we have the widest product line, so whatever the conditions we have something to sell into those conditions.
Scott Stember: Got it. That’s all I have. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: Hi, good morning. A couple of questions. Did you call out what the European hand tools business was up on a percentage basis this quarter, Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: I did not but it’s up mid single - I think maybe mid single-digit.
Gary Prestopino: Okay.
Aldo Pagliari: Sorry go ahead.
Gary Prestopino: No, I was just going to say, that’s about where it’s been all year right.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes, it’s been around that level, yes, it’s been growing. I mean, it’s still, I hate to say this but it’s still got headroom. I mean it’s still below where it was at its peak, maybe 15% or so below where it was but we think it’s got headroom and the profitability 14 up straight quarters. We know that has a runway.
Gary Prestopino: Okay.
Aldo Pagliari: That’s a good thing for us.
Gary Prestopino: Right, okay, so good things for it. And then, could you give us some idea of what Car-O-Liner's growth has been historically, and where you think you can take that? Top line growth?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don’t think we’re looking backwards in terms of growth. We like to look forward and we see this as a kind of in the 5 plus vicinity, RS&I type. When you think of the RS&I type business growth that’s where we see it, the 5 plus type business. I think it’s a kind of a food errand to be true definitive looking forward but I can tell you that we think looking at it that’s a solid projection.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. That is good. And then in terms of, it looks like year-to-date the corporate expenses are down about $13 million. Your SG&A is down as well. Is that all dealing with the pension expense on the market to market on the stocks?
Aldo Pagliari: It is Gary, the pension this year the way the accounting rules work we have a savings per quarter of about $1.9 million so you can multiply that by 3 and you get a year-to-date amount. And then the noise is created by how the stock price moves not just this year but remember you have to look at the movement relative to last year. For this particular quarter there is really no change of mark-to-market it’s very benign. So most of the changes in corporate expenses this quarter is related solely to pension expense.
Nicholas Pinchuk: How we look at it the quarter is down I think year-over-year like 1.2 million something like that, 22.5 versus 22.7 but the penalty for currency was well more than offsetting that. That's good news out of pension. So we think we ended up on the short end of that combination.
Gary Prestopino : Okay, that’s all I have. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our last question from Richard Hilgert with Morningstar.
Richard Hilgert: Thanks for taking my question. Good morning everybody. All of my questions have already been asked, congratulations on a great quarter, good to see the continued improvement and the profitability across the group still, and still seeing that nice growth in the financial services area. And, appreciated that little bit of color earlier on the differentiation between what is going on in hand tools, and the growth in financial services. Just a final question remaining for me was, I noticed that on a percentage basis, if you take a look at your intersegment number, on the breakdown for revenue with the segments, it has gotten a little bit larger, compared to history. It is running now above 14% number as a percentage of the total, of the segment revenues. And on an absolute basis, now up to $139 million. Just curious what is driving that and should we be expecting that percentage to be a higher amount of the total going forward?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, no kidding, it will grow because of the Tools Group has been growing. If you think about it the Tools Group it’s got its own factory but it’s got that great distribution. So inside C&I there are factories like the power tools factory and so on like other places that sell, they sell externally but they also sell to the Tools Group SNA Europe does that, RS&I has some divisions that do that. We’ve torque wrenches in C&I that do that do that out in California so sell in both places. So as the Tools Group grow, you will see inter-company sales grow, it’s a natural outcome of that.
Richard Hilgert: Okay, great. Thanks you very much and again congrats on the quarter.
Operator: That concludes today's question and answer session. At this time I would like to turn the conference back to Leslie Kratcoski for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks everyone for joining us today. As usual a replay will be available shortly on snapon.com and as always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-On, Inc. Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc. Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.
Analysts: Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc. Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2016 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski, Investor Relations. Please, go ahead, ma'am.
Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks, Tony, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's second quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer, and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under Investor Information. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. This presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be considered in isolation or they substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information regarding these measures is included in our Q2 earnings release issued today, which can be found on our website. With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everyone. I'll start this call with some of the highlights of our second quarter. I'll speak about the general environment and the trends we see, and I'll take you through some of the progress we've made. Then Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. Our second quarter was encouraging, and we believe it once again offered evidence of clear advancements that along our runways for both growth and for improvement. Reported sales were up 2.4% or to $872.3 million and that included unfavorable foreign currency translation this quarter, an impact of $10.2 million. It also reflected an incremental $5.9 million from last year's Ecotechnics acquisition. Now, organic sales for the quarter rose 2.9%. OpCo operating margin expanded by 140 basis points and earnings per share, they reached $2.36, up 16.3% compared with the $2.03 the last year. The OpCo operating margin reached 19.1%, up from 17.7% in 2015. And that 140-basis point increase reflects a higher sales, but it also represents the power of Snap-on value creation. For Financial Services, operating income grew to $49.5 million from last year's $41.4 million, combining with OpCo to drive our consolidated operating margin to 22.9%, up 180 basis points. From an overall macro perspective, the automotive repair arena remained strong and that can be seen clearly in the businesses serving that sector, the Tools Group and the Repair Systems & Information or RS&I Group. They continue to make progress in the quarter both in and outside the United States. The Tools Group organic activity increased 5.8%, once again demonstrating its ability to expand on our already-strong position, leveraging a stream of new products and innovative solutions, capturing more business by helping technicians keep pace with changing vehicle technologies and with the aging fleets. In RS&I, organic gains of 5.2%, higher sales of diagnostics and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers, increased volumes with OEM dealerships, expanded activity in undercar equipment, and broad progress in most regions. For the Commercial & Industrial Group – well, for Commercial & Industrial, or C&I Group, organic sales were down 2%. Results were mixed across our industrial sectors and geographies. And in critical industries, headwinds surrounding our military business remained, spending stagnation from Washington continued in the quarter. We also witnessed ongoing inactivity within the Middle East. Aviation customers delaying project work due in part to the turbulence throughout that area, that region. That said, there were positive industrial sectors, in places like U.S. aviation and power generation, where we made progress based on our understanding of the tests, our increasing understanding of the tests and our extending product lines that enable that work. Also a positive for C&I, SNA Europe advanced. SNA Europe, our European hand tools business delivering positive results, broad strength across the core of Europe, in places like the U.K., Germany and Spain, in a period when the word Brexit entered our vocabulary accompanied by uncertainty. So the overall results remain positive, strength in vehicle repair, mixed performances from critical industries and advancements against the wind in Europe. Opportunities outweighing the challenges and the sales growth confirms it, and the operating income clearly demonstrated the leverage and the power of Snap-on Value Creation, our Snap-On Value Creation Processes in safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement. In this quarter, special note should be made at customer connection and innovation, keeping pace with the aging car part and the changing technologies across the workplaces of the world. And another broad trend, as we move toward automatic control and more drive-by-wire, is the growing need for more precision in mechanical adjustments and more insight into data trends. Snap-On innovation is responding to that opportunity and the products that support the need for precision and insight help drive our sales and our margins in the quarter. Customer connection and innovation and in fact all of the Snap-on Value Creation Processes helped us advance down our runways for improvement everyday driving our 140-basis point OI gain and overcoming the challenges. So that's the overview. That's the macro overview. Now, let's turn to the groups, let's move to the groups. We'll start with C&I. As I just said, a 2% organic sales decrease with lower critical industry activity and higher volume at SNA Europe and our Asia/Pacific and power tools operations. The operating income margin was 13.8%, a 50-basis point decrease impacted principally by the reduced sales in the higher-margin critical industry business. For the Industrial division, we had headwinds, but as we said, we also had sectors of growth. U.S. aviation sales were higher bolstered by innovative new products like our latest in Tool Control solutions, the Automated Tool Control locker. You may remember, our ATC smart toolboxes, visually keeping track of workplace hand tools. Well, the new ATC locker brings that asset control to a regularly shaped items, like extension cords, toolkits, and plastic or fabric carrying cases, personal protective equipment, all common in aviation shops. The new ATC locker makes tracking those non-standard tools easy and reliable, and like the smart box, the ATC locker is fully networkable. It enables tracking from a central site, displaying the tool control status for easy surveillance and avoidance of foreign object damage. Avoiding foreign object damage are really important feature in those critical aviation applications; we can all relate to that. And based on the early reception, we believe we have a winning extension to our flagship tool control line with this locker, doing well. Now, we often speak about customer connection, direct observation of the work and guiding new product innovation based on that observation. While the Industrial division is constantly introducing new products, born out of that value creating process. One example is our SGDE series of electrostatic dissipative screwdrivers, great for places like avionics maintenance shops or any critical application where static discharge can damage sensitive equipment, special conductivity to dissipate static and in a rotating handle mechanism that's ideal for precise, detailed electronics work. Safety and precision, two special needs made clear by direct observations at aviation MRO back shops across the world, customer connection and action making work easier in the aviation sector, that's what these screwdrivers are. Another customer connection, this time the offset crowfoot adaptor for the specially configured fasteners at power generation sites. It replaces homemade welding tools that frequently break and damage those high-voltage insulators – we've all see them on the top of transformers – damage that equals critical failure. Visiting those substations, observing the work, we also saw Frankenstein-like modified tools, welded out of multiple tools, trying to do the transformer task and we knew we could do better. So we designed a Snap-on professional tool, that's more durable, safer and easier to use. It's a great attraction in power generation and it's products like that, that are behind this quarter's positive results in that sector. Now, let's speak about SNA Europe. During the double-dip in Europe, we said we would use RCI energetically and we did. But we also said we wouldn't reduce capacity. Well, that faith is paying-off. SNA Europe registered its 11th straight quarter of year-over-year sales growth, a positive trend in a very uncertain economic environment of Europe. And profit, Q2 marked the 13th straight quarter of margin improvement. SNA Europe up again in sales and in profit. Our Asia/Pacific operations also contributed positively and we kept investing in that region, more products, more distribution, more capabilities, positioning to take advantage of that building potential. Well, that's the C&I story, turbulence in certain critical industries partially offset by progress in other divisions. Now, let's move to the Tools Group. Organic sales were up 5.8%, reflecting mid-single digit gains in the U.S. and internationally. Operating margin of 18.3%, up 120 basis points, overcoming 80 basis points of unfavorable currency. That 18.3% and 120-basis point rise, it's a clear demonstration of our improving position and progress along one of our most important runways for growth, enhancing the van channel. The advancements are evident in the sales and in the margins, and perhaps most importantly in the overall franchisee health metrics, which are all trending positively again this quarter. We believe our franchisees are growing stronger armed with an array of innovative products. Products like the new 1/4-inch Drive Extra Long Flex Head Ratchet. At 10.5 inches, it allows technicians to work in difficult-to-reach spots under the dash, in tight engine compartments or anywhere that access is limited, and it combines our patented dual pawl system with a finely machined 72-tooth gear, more power in less lateral space at a distance. It's manufactured in Elizabethton, Tennessee, in our Elizabethton, Tennessee tool plant, and it's the next in the series of extra-long handle tools, designed specifically to make the technicians toughest jobs much easier and we believe it does just that. And early sales have been robust. Now, we've been making torque products for some time. In the second quarter – but in the second quarter, we launched the heavy-duty 0.5 inch drive mechanical torque wrench. We call it the Brutus, the Brutus 300, targeted at technicians servicing larger vehicles. It solves a critical need, making it possible to torque a wide range of fasteners using a single tool in places where a number of special tools would normally be required. Today, the trend I described, many larger vehicles, large SUVs and pickup trucks, responding to the need for more precise specifications require a wider range of torque, some in tight places, some on buried components, some above 250-foot pounds, big components like brake calipers, pitman arms, and wheel hubs. Previously, a technician would go through a time consuming multi-tool procedure or sometimes just torque by judgment. The Brutus uses Snap-on's unique metallurgical capability to reach in the farthest places, fit in the smallest spaces, but have the strength necessary for larger torque values, all in a relatively light package for less fatigue. It's manufactured at our plant in City of Industry, California. It's long, small, light and strong responding to a growing need for precise torquing in larger vehicles. Along with the innovative product, the Tools Group has another special advantage, our Financial Services arm, Snap-on Credit, strategic program aimed at supporting those essential big ticket purchases. The credit company is focused on enhancing our van network and again this quarter it did just that. So that's the Tools Group. New products guided by customer connection driving sales growth and strong margins. Now onto RSI, solid across the group, organic sales growth of $14.2 million or 5.2%, operating margin 25.2%, rising 80 basis points, broad-based progress, operation-by-operation, the diagnostics and information businesses selling to independent repair shops driven by our award-winning handheld diagnostics products and by our extensive database of repair solutions. Whether it's the top of the line, VERUS Edge with its comprehensive diagnostics, technical service bulletins, and the power of SureTrack big repair data for advanced professionals and working on those really difficult repair, whether it's that big VERUS Edge for advanced professionals or for the entry-level technician, the ETHOS Tech with its considerable functionality and attractive price point, the Snap-On line-up of handhelds makes work easier across the garage. Some of today's vehicles now have over 100 electronic control units, all requiring service, so the demand for diagnostic tools and data insight is rising. And to support those growing complexities, our Mitchell 1 team continues to refine its ProDemand product, expanding make and model coverage, adding the most recent vehicle platforms, broadening search results, improving navigation, providing even more shortcuts to a quick fix with its SureTrack big database, all of it saving the technician's time. The Mitchell 1 solution gets better every quarter, and we see it in the results. In sales undercar equipment, also up mid-single digits with growth registered in the U.S. and our international markets. The U.S. gains included a particular strength by a pair of our recent acquisitions, the Challenger Lifts, and Pro-Cut break lathes, both expanding the Snap-on presence in the garage, and both progressing well in the quarter with products like Challenger's versatile CL12 lift, 3-stage Low Profile arms from more flexibility, and Pro-Cut's new X9 on-car brake lathe, more positioned in rotor matching, more repeatability of – stay calibrated over thousands of cuts. The trend in vehicle repair, more precision, that means more wheel alignment and more rotor matching and Snap-on has the products that make it easier. Speaking about hit products and alignments, last quarter, I mentioned the launch of the V3300 wheel aligner. I said it was a game-changer, and so it was. Based on it – so it was, based on the enthusiastic reception from many prominent dealer networks, now with the full quarter in the book, the results are in and the sales have been strong, and it's no wonder. We spoken about the trend to more precision and that means more frequent alignments, enabling some of the new features like lane departure systems or adaptive cruise control and the V3300 fits that trend. More alignments are in the future and the speed and the accuracy of the V3300 is a great asset. So to wrap-up RS&I, we see it as a confirmation together with the Tools Group of the strength of the auto repair market. RS&I great diagnostics, new repair information and expanded offerings of undercar equipment, all driving positive trends and improving our position with repair shop owners and managers. Well, that's the highlights of the quarter. Growth and improvement. Progress, along our runways for coherent growth and clear advancements down our runways for improvement. When you step back and you look at these numbers, sales increasing organically by 2.9%; OpCo operating income margin of 19.1%, up a 140 basis points; EPS $2.36 in the quarter, 16.3% higher than last year, it was another encouraging quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks, Nick. Our second quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on slide six. Net sales of $872.3 million were up 2.4% including $10.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation and $5.9 million of acquisition-related sales. Excluding foreign currency translation and acquisition-related sales, organic sales increased 2.9%, primarily reflecting higher sales in our businesses serving automotive repair, partially offset by lower sales to critical industries in our C&I segment. Due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, foreign currency movements adversely impacted our Q2 sales comparisons by 120 basis points. Consolidated gross margin of 49.4% improved 20 basis points from 2015 levels as benefits from higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives were partially offset by 40 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $264.9 million yielded an operating expense margin of 30.3% in the quarter, an improvement of 120 basis points from 31.5% last year, primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage and savings from RCI initiatives, as well as lower stock-based mark-to-market compensation and other expenses, and a lower pension expense. As a result of these factors, operating earnings from Financial Services of $166.4 million, including $6.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased 10.3% as compared to prior year, and as a percentage of sales, increased 140 basis points to 19.1%. Financial Services revenues of $69.3 million in the quarter increased 18.1% from 2015 levels and operating earnings of $49.5 million increased 19.6%. These increases primarily reflect the continued growth of the Financial Services portfolio. Consolidated operating earnings of $215.9 million, including $6.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased 12.3%; and the operating margin of 22.9%, increased 180 basis points from 21.1% a year ago. Our second quarter effective income tax rate of 31% compared to 32% last year. For the full year, we continue to anticipate that our 2016 effective income tax rate will be comparable to our full-year 2015 rate of 31.7%. Finally, net earnings of $140.1 million or $2.36 per share, increased $20.1 million or $0.33 per share from 2015 levels, representing a 16.3% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now, let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the Commercial & Industrial, or C&I Group, on slide seven, sales of $285.7 million in the second quarter decreased 3.4%, excluding $4.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation, organic sales declined 2%, primarily due to a double-digit decline in sales to customers in critical industries, largely in the military and international aerospace market segments. This decline was partially offset, by mid-single digit increases in the segment's Asia/Pacific and power tools operations and a low-single digit gain in the segment's European-based hand tools business. Gross profit in the C&I Group of $111.4 million compared to $112.9 million last year. The gross margin of 39% increased 80 basis points, mostly due to savings from RCI and other cost reduction initiatives. Operating expenses of $72.1 million in the quarter compared to $70.7 million last year. The operating expense margin of 25.2% increased 130 basis points from 23.9% last year, primarily as a result of unfavorable sales volume leverage and 70 basis points of higher cost including cost associated with continued expansion initiatives in Asia. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the C&I segment of $39.3 million, including $1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, decreased $2.9 million from 2015 levels and the operating margin of 13.8% compared to 14.3% last year. Turning now to slide eight. Second quarter sales on the Snap-on Tools Group of $416.7 million increased 4.5%. Excluding $4.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation, organic sales increased $22.7 million or 5.8%, reflecting similar gains in both the company's U.S. and international franchise operations. Gross profit of $182.1 million compared to $176.5 million last year. The gross margin of 43.7% decreased 60 basis points, largely due to 80 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $105.8 million in the quarter compared to $108.5 million last year. The operating expense margin of $25.4% improved 180 basis points primarily due to sales volume leverage and savings from RCI initiatives and 20 basis points of lower stock-based cost associated with the company's franchisee stock purchase program. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $76.3 million, including $4.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased $8.3 million and the operating margin of 18.3% improved 120 basis points from 17.1% last year. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I Group, shown on slide nine. Second quarter sales of $295.2 million increased 6.4% from 2015 levels, excluding $5.9 million of acquisition-related sales and $2.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation, organic sales increased 5.2%. The organic sales increase reflects a mid-single digit gain in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers, as well as mid-single digit gains in both sales of undercar equipment and sales to OEM dealerships. Gross profit of $137.8 million compared to $129.6 million last year. Gross margin was 46.7% in both periods. Operating expenses of $63.3 million in the quarter compared to $61.9 million last year. The operating expense margin of 21.5% improved 80 basis points, principally due to sales volume leverage and savings from RCI initiatives. Second quarter operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $74.5 million, including $1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased $6.8 million from prior-year levels and the operating margin of 25.2% improved 80 basis points from 24.4% last year. Now, turning to slide 10, operating earnings from Financial Services of $49.5 million on revenue of $69.3 million compared to operating earnings of $41.4 million on revenue of $58.7 million last year. The average yield on finance receivables of 17.9% in the quarter compared to 17.8% last year. And the average yield on contract receivables of 9.3% in the quarter compared to 9.4% last year. Originations of $281 million increased 10.9% from 2015. Moving to slide 11, our quarter-end balance sheet includes approximately $1.7 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.5 billion from our U.S. operation. Approximately 82% of our U.S. financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. In the first half of 2016, our worldwide Financial Services portfolio grew $121.3 million. As for finance portfolio loans and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now, turning to slide 12. Cash provided by operations of $162.1 million in the quarter, increased $1.8 million from comparable 2015 levels. This higher net earnings and improvement in working investment were largely offset by the timing of cash tax payments. Net cash used by investing activities of $95.3 million included $76.9 million to fund the net increase in finance receivables. Capital expenditures of $20.6 million in the quarter compared with $27.7 million last year. Turning to slide 13, days sales outstanding for trade receivables of 60 days was unchanged from 2015 year-end levels. Inventories increased $9.3 million from 2015 year-end levels, mainly to support continued higher customer demand and new product introductions. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.4 turns compared with 3.5 turns at 2015 year-end. Our quarter-end tax position of $119.9 million increased $27.1 million from 2015 year-end levels. The net increase includes $341.4 million of cash from collections of finance receivables and $303.7 million of cash from operations. These cash increases were largely offset by the funding of $475.1 million of new finance receivables, dividend payments of $70.9 million, the repurchase of 377,000 shares for $58.5 million and $40.1 million for capital expenditures. Our net debt to capital ratio of 23% compared with 24.6% at 2015 year-end. In addition to our $119.9 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities and our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper markets. As of second quarter-end, we had no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. This concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks, Aldo. Well, that's the Snap-on second quarter; continuing the trend of positive performance with ongoing year-over-year gains, runways for growth, enhancing the van channel, and expanding with repair shop owners and managers. Vehicle repair, a space with strong tailwinds, aging car parts, changing technologies and a need for more precision, abundant opportunity, and you can see it in the results. The Tools Group growing 5.8% organically and an OI margin of 18.3%, up 120 basis points. Something we haven't seen. And it was achieved against 80 basis points of unfavorable currency. RS&I in the vehicle repair space, broad gains, growing at 5.2% organically. OI margins of 25.2%, up 80 basis points. Tools and RS&I up again, clear evidence that vehicle repair is strong and it has abundant opportunity and that Snap-on knows how to take full advantage. C&I, battling the difficulties in the military and international aviation, but proving it can extend and advance in sectors like U.S. aviation, power generation and in geographies like Europe where our efforts with SNA Europe are paying off, and all of it combined to author organic growth at 2.9%. The second quarter also bears the mark of Snap-on Value Creation, customer connection and innovation, creating a growing list of new products to provide higher value, matching the needs for greater precision and performing the work of today and of tomorrow. And RCI, people all over the corporation getting up every day and making our complex business more efficient. Snap-on Value Creation drove our OpCo operating margin to 19.1%. Again, stepping back and looking at the performance and at the numbers, growth up 2.9% organically, performance OpCo operating margin of 19.1% up 140 basis points, a significant rise again this quarter. And EPS of $2.36, a 16.3% increase. It was another encouraging quarter. And we believe that we have the abundant opportunity and the demonstrated capability to continue that positive trend on through the remainder of 2016 and well beyond. Before I turn the call over to the operator for questions, I'll directly speak to our franchisees and associates. I know that many of you are once again listening to this call. The encouraging results of this quarter reflect the special capability, energy and dedication you bring to our effort every day. For your clear achievement in this period, you have my congratulations and for your contributions and your commitment to our team unfailing, you have my thanks. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. And we'll go first to Scott Stember with C.L. King.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Good morning.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Good morning.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Could you maybe just talk about the overall industry backdrop for the automotive aftermarket, doesn't seem to have that much of an impact on your quarter, but just specific to weather and whether you saw any mechanics or end-markets that were backing off on tool purchases somewhat in the quarter?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Not really. I mean, I think, look – I think, every quarter is different and there are ups and downs in every quarter in terms of the growth and in terms of the types of products that sell and so on, big ticket was very strong. I was just on a van within – just a little over a week ago and the franchisees and the garages we visited were all very, very optimistic. So I didn't get any feeling from that, from an anecdotal point of view. And then, during the quarter, I met with our – a group of our franchisees several times from the United States and Canada and so on and they seemed uniformly positive. And when I look at the numbers, I think this market looks like it has looked to us for multiple quarters now, for a long time. So empirically with the numbers and anecdotally from what I get from talking to franchisees and technicians, I think this is pretty positive.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And focusing on the Tools Group, maybe just talk about some of the higher-priced electronics versus traditional tools and power tools, maybe how that trended in the quarter?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Yeah. Well, big ticket items. What we've – diagnostic sales were strong in the quarter for the Tools Group. We – you have kind of a secular trend in the market, what I characterize in my remarks is a tailwind, the need for more diagnostics because 40% to 50% of repairs in the parts today need a diagnostic to effect it efficiently and new cars are 80%, so there is a growth toward everybody needing a diagnostic, we see that in our everyday sales and the trends in the market. But in this particular quarter, big ticket items were fairly strong, high value, some of the things I talked about high-value tools that attack precision like the Brutus 300, strong-seller. So the idea – hand tools in fact were also up very strong. So we saw I think pretty wide strength, but again in this quarter, big ticket led the way. And that's what we expect, because our marketing age around Rock N' Roll Cabs and we've just done a major refurb on the Techno-Vans have kind of support those purchases.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Got it. And just last question on currency. When you would expect to start to see some of the easier comparisons with the...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: For your information, for example, you can look at it this way. In the second quarter, the numbers were in sales, we had about $16 million and $0.09 of currency impact between transaction and translation. In this quarter, we had $10 million and $0.07, $10 million – just north of $10 million and currency in sales. And I think that's 1.2% or something like that and about $0.07 of currency impact on profitability, 50 basis points in the OI, impacting the OI margin. If you go forward, if everything stayed where it is, for us the pound is a big – is kind of a big deal. So I think you would say that in the third quarter, the comparisons are such that there would be a slight easing if everything stayed the way it was and then the fourth quarter would get easier I think for us, so that's the way we'd see the year going on, an easing of the pressure of currency, but I think that happens more in the fourth quarter and the third quarter, primarily because of the pound and the pound does carry uncertainty around the exchange rate today and anyway in that situation. But if it stays the way it is today, that's how it'll be.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And just a quick follow-up, sales that are bound by the pound, what percentage of your total sales are coming from that region?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: About 8%...
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: 8% or 9%.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: About 8% or so. And no one knows what the – what Brexit is going to do. The roll up to Brexit was I think a time of uncertainty. We didn't really see much change, but we're selling into a very basic critical industry, so our people are going to – I think our people buy. We've even see it. So on a deep recession, people bought the small – the low payback – the short payback items, even in the deepest of recession. So it remains to be seen what effect Brexit will have, but we're optimistic about it. Okay?
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Got you. Thanks for taking my questions.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Next to Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Good morning, Gary.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: Good morning, Gary.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Nick, what – you didn't give a percentage on the European hand tools up in the quarter, can you share that with us, or maybe I missed it?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: It was up low-single digits in the quarter.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: So we usually don't give percentages, but we have given it in those kinds of terms, mid-single digits, low-single digits, high-single digits.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Right.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: It was up more in profitability. We're pretty encouraged by that though. Like I said, it's the 13th straight quarter growth. And what's really encouraging I think is the growth in core Europe. We haven't seen growth in the core of Europe like this before uniformly. So I am a little encouraged by U.K., Germany and places like that. France, it was encouraging for SNA Europe.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: And then, the previous caller asked a question about currency. Did you say that currency comparisons for the pound should get easier as we go through the back half of the year?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: I said – what I said, well, hard to predict, you know. I mean, the thing is – and you got the cocktail of what you sell and all that stuff. But if all things remain equal, what will happen is, is that currency in general will get – currency in general, the pound becomes more difficult I think as you rollout through the year, but then the other currencies abate. So if you look at the total, it gets – if everything stays the way it is, and the mix stays the way it is, you end up having a little softening in the third quarter and more softening in the fourth quarter. I think that's the way to think about it.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: (40:43) problematic and in fact it might be...
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Right.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: ... more problematic (40:46).
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Right. So would be the Canadian dollar and the euro...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Canadian dollar, Aussie dollar, you know, the euro, the SEK...
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Right.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: ...those kinds of – those kinds of currencies, the comparison simply get easier later.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: And then did you see any disintermediation in Europe post-Brexit for the first couple of weeks of this quarter, can you discuss that at all?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: No. We don't comment on the forward quarter, but I don't really think so. I mean, certainly I'll say this, there was a lot of uncertainty in the – going – I was in Europe just before the Brexit vote and there was a lot of uncertainty floating around, around that and we didn't see it impact then, I don't know what will happen going forward. But again, I say, we sell items that solve critical tasks, that tends to be less effective by the economics. It can go up and down in a short period, but I think over time, it doesn't get affected. So I don't really think we expect in that situation.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Right.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: If the exchange rate changes dramatically that would have a transactional effect of course. If it affects the interest rates that would have another thing around other than – in other parts of the corporation, but I don't really – we didn't see anything so far.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: And then in terms of the Snap-on Credit, it keeps growing in excess of the sales of the Tools Group, are you seeing more of an appetite or are more products being financed by the technician that...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: No, not so much. Not really that. I mean the thing is fundamentally, what's happening in the Tools Group, if you look at it from our perspective and we look at it, you can't look at any one quarter because there is a secondary market and there is a lot of – that's actually the franchisee sales not our sales, so it doesn't match up. There is a lot of noise from quarter-to-quarter. But if you look at overall the last year, the originations are roughly the same as the sales of the big ticket items. So it's being driven by the sale of those big ticket items. And if you've been a student of Snap-on, you know that we have been energizing big ticket sales through we think better product of course in diagnostics and tools storage, but also in terms of the marketing, in terms of the marketing, the Rock N' Roll Cabs and the Techno-Vans. So if I didn't know anything, I would say Snap-On puts Rock N' Roll Cabs and Techno-Vans in it and makes clear cold boxes, I'm going to see high originations because it's going to have a higher big ticket sale.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Nick.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the call. Nice quarter, Nick.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Thank you.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Just talking about the growth though in the Tools segment, you guys peaked out in the first quarter of 2015 at about 13% organic growth. And just because of the comping process, obviously that's not a sustainable level and you're going to be coming down. But that organic growth has been sort of settling back down for six consecutive quarters now; you're back to 5.8% this quarter. You talked many times in the past about the long-term growth in the Tools segment, it's probably closer to about 4%. And I just wonder, are we on our way back to that kind of level here in the second half of the year or is there something -?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: I think, what I said is – I'll say – I'll make two comments about that. One is, is that, all through – there has been periods when we grew it like 6% or 5%. During the string of 23 out of 24, I think a year before in 2013, I think, we grew it like – we threw a bunch of 6%s during that period. So it goes up and down. This is a risk fluctuation. I've said this, I think – look, I think the Tools Group goes in the 4% to 5% range if based on the tailwind. It's got – that's a great market, automotive repair is the market, one of the market – in our model is one of the business models that Saturn (44:59) automotive repairs, one of the great, great markets, you've got tech – you've got aging of the part and you've got changing its technology, you've got more precision and that will drive us in a 4% to 5% range and things like Rock N' Roll Cab and Techno Express in the system program drives us up into higher levels depending on how effective that unleashes these – how much more effective that makes the van business. So from time-to-time, we get above this. And I think our ability to grow above the 4% to 5% depends on our ability to keep coming up with those things. That doesn't mean we can grow at every quarter so I think that's how I view it. I think we were at a solid 4% to 5%. But I think if we can keep coming up with ways to amplify our business, the technicians are there. There's 1.3 million technicians, we're calling on 850,000 of them, so a lot of them we'd be hiring every year. So we see a great market there. The other thing I will offer about the quarter, yeah, it was 5.8% but 18.3% OI margins.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: The incremental margins were fantastic and you said...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Try to find one of those in the Tools Group history.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yeah. But...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Now, it's again 80 basis points.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Right. Could you...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: So I guess the less than 6% sales and 7% sales didn't affect the profit – so they're still bringing the money...
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Right.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: ... to the bottom line.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: And you've said repeatedly that during that period of superb growth that you're not too focused on costs, you're more focused on just bringing in the business. But at some point that growth would ease and that's where we will see the margin improvement, just there was a lot of low-hanging fruit. I guess, which is part of why I asked the question, and now you're starting to see the margin growth which would confirm as a milestone that maybe we're at that point where the growth starts to ease. But you also said earlier in the call that you're still seeing strong double-digit growth in originations and originations attracts big ticket. So I guess the question I would next ask is what's easing within Tools, what do you see that if big tickets are holding up, what's easing on you?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Well, look, I didn't say in the quarter that was – I didn't match the double-digit growth of big ticket to the – or double digits of originations in the quarter, because you can't do that. You got to look at it over a longer period. So what I did say was the double digits in 2000 – of originations in 2015 maxed, almost pretty close to dead-on the big ticket items in 2015. In any quarter, it's hard to say that. I don't think in the quarter, the more robust businesses were around diagnostics, around hand tools. I think we had a dynamite hand tool quarter, but maybe we had a possibly less of a power tools quarter than we did in the prior quarter, that's the kind of characteristic we had. So we had some goes-ins and goes-outs, if you want to look at it by product.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yeah. And you're not adding any more tech or Rock N' Roll Cab Express, so I presume that the storage part of this is starting to level out a little as well, is that correct?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: No. Yeah, yeah. But we actually did add one in the quarter. So went from 66 to 67, I mean, okay, it's not much. Look, I don't – I think it's one quarter. I'm not saying that – I'm not – we don't give any guidance, I'm just saying it's one quarter, so I think it's a little wrong to explain to view it totally as what were the mix in one quarter and, will tool storage go down, I don't think so.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Last question was just you talked on the last call about extending a little more credit to your most discerning franchisees, guys with the strongest track record at dispensing credit. And I'm just wondering where did that credit get put to work in the quarter and where does that show up in the segment numbers, if in fact it did get put to work?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: It shows up in the originations and in the Tools Group, those are the big ticket items. Those guys are wielding big ticket items. So that's part of the support system that allows us to sell those big ticket items. I mean big ticket is basically – and it has been for Tools, this has been 30 years of this or 50 years, I don't know how long, but it's been since the 1980s at least that they have been and I think longer that they've been financing big ticket items in this way. And what we did, as you said, is – what we did was just bring striking to the franchisees where we listen more to some guys and listen less to other guys depending on the record to call in the air strikes about appropriate credit. And in the quarter, that kind of – I think in the quarter, that kind of was relatively stable. But over like the last 18 months, we've had – we strike more guys that have been better at credit, and they've been able to aid the credit process more effectively.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: All right. Thanks very much.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Bret Jordan at Jefferies.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Yeah, good morning.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: Good morning.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Just to follow-up your comment on the secondary market in the – on the credit side, I'm just sort of trying to line up the growth in the finance book relative to the growth of sales. Has anything – and I guess we've decided that there is not an increase in penetration of credit on a transactional base, so you're not lending at a higher rate. It's been more a growth of high-value sales, but then you had a comment about the secondary market sort of creating some volatility there. Is that when your lending on a transaction where a franchisee is selling a used tool they took on trade?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Yeah. Let's take it this way. Yes, that's essentially what it is. But what I meant was, what I offered that comment for is, it's harder to take one quarter's numbers in origination and relate it from originations, the credit action to the actual sale, which is a movement of product from us, from Snap-on Tools to the franchisee. The product moves from Snap-on Tools to the franchisees, it might go into inventory, it might sell directly, and it might ignite say, okay, I've sold you this, Mr. Big Box, it's like 15-feet wide and I took your 7-foot box in trade and I'm selling that, both transactions would be financed. And so while the net, you get a discount from the original for the amount in trade and then that would be on. So the total amount tends to be sort of the same. The timing of those two things can be very different. So a franchisee might end up in his garage, might have three boxes, used boxes waiting there, and then one quarter might roll them all out, might find a seller for them (51:53), you see what I mean. And so...
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Yes, I do.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: ...that tends to distort the timing, not the amount, but the timing.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then back on the Tools, on the contribution from RCI versus leverage, did you discuss sort of what the RCI impact was in the prepared remarks, I didn't hear it?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Sure. I mean, the Tools Group is more or less like this. The OI margin is up 120 basis points and they had 80 basis points of negative currency. The principal offset is RCI.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then one question on C&I. You talked about U.S. aviation and power generation being highlights. Did you say anything – are you seeing any shifting trends? I mean, energy was a category you used to call out as being challenged? Is there any sign of improvement in some of the other big pieces like energy or mining that have been lagging in C&I?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Well, mining, I don't think so. Energy, generally, oil and gas is still lagging, but not by the mammoth proportions we saw in the in the first quarter and the fourth quarter of last year. So that came back a little bit. That got better. And for C&I in general, as we go into the third quarter and fourth quarter, we start to get into, I'll say less demand in comparisons in military and in international aviation as well. So you see that kind of effect going on. In terms of the quarter-to-quarter business, we saw – I think we saw rays of hope in places like U.S. aviation and power generation. And general industry seemed to be fairly nice in the quarter. So we're encouraged by that, but I'm not – given the fact that we're down 2% in the quarter and down more in the critical industries, I'm reluctant to predict any turnaround until I actually see it.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then one final question on RS&I, just to cover all the bases. In the mix of software versus hardware, are you seeing a shift where you've got this great penetration of diagnostics in your selling software upgrades and that's increasing as a percentage of the mix or is that business kind of stable? It would seem like the software margin should be pretty good.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Software margins are pretty good, but I'd say in the quarter, it was relatively stable. From time to time, we can see a bump from software based on, we'll issue 18.4 (54:38), will come out in a quarter and that will bump the software sales. But generally, I would say our software sales go up with the general push of diagnostics. Remember, we tend – when we're looking at RS&I, we're looking at the sales we show you have quite a bit of software in it in Mitchell 1. Mitchell 1 is a pure software business. Repair shop information and repair shop management, that's where that SureTrack business is. Generally though I don't think we've seen a big change in the mix yet. It might be entitled to the idea that going out future as we get more installed base, you may see some improvement in that. I tend to think as we get more installed base, we'll see both because people will buy in first. The entry-level technician will buy in at the bottom level for that ETHOS. And then when he starts to get more experience, who want to trade up and buy both software and hardware as he trades up.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. So the penetration rate of hardware is still growing. It's not just...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: No, we don't.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: You don't have a cycle where you get to sell a lot of – a very high-margin software to a large installed base of hardware?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: No, we eventually will. I mean, but I think now, we're still seeing a growing of the penetration.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to David Leiker at Baird.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning. This is Joe Vruwink for David.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Hi. Joe.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-On, Inc.: Hi, Joe.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): I just want to circle back on your C&I comments. I think it was last year in Q3, when military took its first step down and then energy followed in Q4. So when you look at spending levels in those two businesses as we head into this year's Q3, do you think you could actually get to the point where the comparisons flip around and C&I reports a positive comp in Q3?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Well, as I said, I think the comps get easier. Clearly, the military comp gets easier, the international aviation comp gets easier, the oil and gas comp kind of is starting to get easier now. So I think those get better. Whether I can predict the turnaround in the military business, the oil and gas business, or the Middle East loosens up, hard to say. They do loosen up and I think you see favorable comps. I mean, like I said, I am positive about our mechanism there, our proof-of-concept. We keep investing in those businesses. If you look at the C&I SG&A or OI this quarter, you see quite a bit of investment, that's because we invested in Asia, we kept investing in these markets because we believe in them. So we obviously believe a turnaround, whether that's a third quarter or not is another question, but these comparisons do get softer.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. And then shifting back to the Tools Group, not to belabor this question, but growth slowed more than two points sequentially and your comparisons versus a year-ago got easier. So by saying that hand tools were good in the quarter and big ticket items were strong in the quarter, there just seems to be a missing link in the equation that would explain why growth ultimately did decelerate?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Well, as I said, I don't really want to go through all the items, but the power tools is down and so on. I don't necessarily recognize that the comparison was necessarily soft versus last year. I'm not really sure about that. But the thing is, is that, from our view, we're not seeing – all I can say is, we're not seeing anything in the market that's a difference. And so the 5.8%, yeah, it's down from the 8.1%, but we still see it as a pretty strong quarter and we don't have any other view of the future of the Tools Group or the auto repair market based on that. In terms of how the numbers, how the numbers work out, like I said, big ticket, still strong, sold better than the average, hand tools are sold better than the average. The other ones were – obviously if you talk about arithmetic, they were lower than the average.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Fair enough. My last question, with Fortive being its own company, Matco has been a little more visible and it looks that their van count has grown pretty dramatically in recent years, but it doesn't really seem to be diluting Snap-on's growth at all. And so is it the case where the two of you or really the three of you in this market co-exist? Is there any deterioration or things that you're concerned about, just maybe an update on the competitive dynamics?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Well, the science of Danaher are strong managers. And so Fortive is a formidable competitor with Matco and so is MAC. But I haven't heard their names mentioned on the last several – in many, many van rides now. So – and including the last one, which was just a little while ago. So we don't seem to be seeing them and pinging on them. Whatever they are doing, they are doing it invisible to most of our people. I tend to think people decide to buy Snap-on Tools as they look at others. They make that choice. It's kind of a binary decision. You buy Snap-on because that's the best. If you don't, if you don't, if you don't want that, you look at a bunch of others. Generally if you think about the numbers of people that we have in the field, the 3,487 vans and versus the – even the advanced Matco numbers, we're – our people are much more focused and spend more time with the certain amount of customers and calling those customer bases. The Matco and MAC guys chew a lot more dirt.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Very good. Thank you.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-On, Inc.: Yes.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Ms. Kratcoski, I would like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-On, Inc.: Thanks everyone for joining us today. A replay of the call will be available shortly on snapon.com and as always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie Kratcoski - VP, IR Nicholas Pinchuk - Chairman & CEO Aldo Pagliari - SVP Finance & CFO
Analysts: Liam Burke - Wunderlich David Leiker - Baird David Kelley - Jefferies David MacGregor - Longbow Research Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Richard Hilgert - Morningstar
Operator: Good day and welcome to today's Snap-on Incorporated 2016 First Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski. Please, go ahead.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, Lindy, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's first quarter results which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website under investor information. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'd now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks Leslie. Good morning, everyone. As usual, I will start the call by covering the highlights of our first quarter and along the way I'll give you my perspective on our results, on our markets, on the progress we made, and on what we believe it all means. Then Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. We believe that our first quarter provided confirmation of Snap-on's ability to continue its trajectory of positive results, overcoming headwinds, advancing along our runways for both growth and improvement. Our EPS in the quarter was $2.16, up from last year's $1.87. That rise includes an opco operating margin of 18.6%, an increase of 190 basis points. When you combine those opco gains with earnings of $47 million from financial services, it bring Snap-on's consolidated operating margin to 22.5%, up from the 20.1% in 2015. And that EPS, $2.16, it represents an increase of 15.5% over last year. That improvement came on an organic sales growth of 2.5% and the continuing contributions from our Snap-on value creation processes, the suite of principles we use every day around safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement or RCI. Once again, you can see it in the results, those processes contributed strongly to the earnings climb. Our reported sales in the quarter of $834.2 million were up 80 basis points, and that gain included 200 basis points of unfavorable foreign exchange. Now currency has been a headwind for some time, both to sales and profit, but we've been able to overcome with the help of Snap-on value creation, especially with innovation and with RCI. Innovation; taking practical insight and matching it with the latest technology, generating product excitement while making work easier for professionals with an array of new products. You see, that's been part of our DNA from the very beginning in 1920, and we are only getting better at doing it. There are more new products than ever before. RCI; ongoing improvement, finding operating efficiency and achieving cost reduction, up and down and across the corporation. Innovation in RCI; overcoming the challenges, extending the trend of rising profits again. Now let's consider the markets, the markets we serve. The first quarter once again highlighted the extensive opportunities of the auto repair segment, more solutions to service the growing complexities of new vehicles requiring advanced solutions. And an aging fleet, driving more repairs, both factors in play not only in the United States but worldwide and the numbers of our quarter reflect those tailwinds. They show and -- they not only reflect the tailwinds, they show our ability to take advantage to progress down our runways for growth. Consider the tools group; organic sales up 8.1%, clearly enhancing the van channel, providing innovative new tools to engage continually changing tasks, making work easier for technicians and our franchise team more prosperous and more powerful. And repair systems information, or our RSI group, expanding Snap-on's presence in the garage, capitalizing on a broader product line, growth across all the divisions but most notably in diagnostic and repair information businesses, in the diagnostic and repair information businesses serving independent repair shop owners and managers. C&I; it includes the businesses that serve critical industries and is the most international of our groups. And in the quarter the results showed the challenges of turbulent industrial sectors and the difficulties of a few trouble geographies. In critical industries, the headwinds from the fourth quarter continued and they were a bit more pronounced. Sales to the US military and to oil and gas customers were down significantly with both segments showing the impact of ongoing measured spending and budget constraints. At the same time, we saw dips in some international markets, specifically the Middle East, where aerospace project activity was down due in part to macro development in that turbulent -- in that region, pretty turbulent there. That said, all that said, C&I did demonstrate strength. SNA Europe delivered mid-single digit growth in places like the UK, Spain and the Nordic region, while Asia Pacific registered double-digit increases in countries like India, Thailand and Indonesia. So overall I'd describe our C&I market as mixed turbulence and strength. Deep challenges, but we're also encouraged by the advancements, taking advantage of the opportunities that are available. And when coupled with the string of positive performances surrounding our auto repair related businesses, on a whole, we believe there is clear progress along our runways for growth -- enhancing the van network, expanding repair shop owners and managers, building in emerging markets, and yes, extending to critical industries. Even in this quarter, we can see progress in our growing product line, in our increasing understanding of the work, all of that creating confidence in our forward trajectory across those critical sectors. That's the overview of the markets. Now let's move to the segments. In the C&I Group, organic sales were down 1.3% with declines in the critical industries attenuated by gains in SNA Europe, Asia Pacific and the power tools division. From an earnings perspective, C&I operating income was $41.1 million, representing an operating margin of 14.3%, a decrease of 50 basis points, pretty much authored by lower sales in our higher margin critical industry business. But as I said, we do remain committed to extending in critical industries and we'll keep strengthening our position to capture new business as the segment improves. You can see this particularly in our innovative new products, fortifying our ability to make work easier outside the garage in a range of industrial settings. One new product family in that category is -- in our collection is the Snap-on three-quarter inch flank drive 12 point impact socket. You pick these up, they are a handful, big, but effective and durable, aimed at power generation, mining and oil and gas sectors; perfect for turning large bolts on wind turbine engines, earth-moving equipment, oil wells, multiple other places, anyplace where heavy work gets done. They are ideal for pneumatic or hydraulic bolting systems and they incorporate Snap-on's flank drive which move stresses away from fastener points, delivering more turning power right in the field without slipping or rounding off a fastener. Those sockets are made down in Alabama at our Elkmont plant, and they are a great addition to our tool line, they fill a vital need for our critical industry customers. Now in past quarters, I'm sure you may remember that we discussed Snap-on's lineup of tool control solutions, safeguarding the assets and improving productivity. I've spoken about our innovative and sophisticated automated tool control system, or AGC, the smart tool storage unit which electronically keeps track of the who, the when, and the where of individual tool usage, it's popular. In the quarter, our industrial division introduced its latest and another version of tool control, the Snap-on 5S Dual Visual Control Cabinet. The 5S Dual, off-the-shelf or custom-built, utilizes visible control trays to quickly identify missing tools with the help of custom cut foam or with CAD-designed tool silhouettes. It's the perfect addition to any place where work is performed within the site of tool storage, like assembly line, and where the shop is aiming to drive improvements through 5S or RCI. And I mentioned the strength of SNA Europe and the continuing new advancement there was clearly evident in its mid-single digit sales gains, marking now ten straight quarters of year-over-year sales progress across several challenged geographies. And once again, sales rose but profits were up more, now the 12th straight quarter of margin improvement. And speaking of gains, our Asia Pacific division, an area of strong potential and these days of significant variation, we're building our physical capabilities and we saw progress in the quarter with sales rising compared to last year. So now onto the tools group; organic sales increased 8.1%. The operating margin of 16.6% was up nicely versus the 15.8% recorded last year. The tools group, the results continue to speak for themselves, ongoing progress along their runway for coherent growth enhancing the franchise channel. And there is abundant evidence of growing strength and of ongoing positive trajectory across that channel, all on display in our franchisee metrics, important financial and physical indicators like cash, like turnover, we monitor those metrics very closely and again this quarter they are favorable across the Board and they continue to trend upward. There is also evidence in sort of anecdotal and direct interaction with the franchisees at events this year like our January kickoff meetings held all over the network, orders were up considerably, and atmosphere, enthusiasm and optimism and a team marked by commitment and energy. When you meet our franchisees, you clearly see they are brimming with confidence, reaching higher and expecting to achieve and grow. The tools group was marked by growth, but it was also driven by Snap-on value creation. It's always a critical component of the group's progress, offering [ph] innovative new products, sometimes just an improvement on an established line but making work easier, solving new problems, delivering productivity gains from observing the work in shops on a daily basis. An example of that is our Snap-on 312 CF heavy-duty diagonal cutters manufactured up the road in our Milwaukee plant, the next generation of our most powerful diagonal cutting pliers, utilizing Milwaukee sophisticated cold forging technology. They've been redesigned for better overall strength, substantially increased cutting performance, and longer life, more precise cutting edges and a repositioned pivot point for increased leverage. The 312, using both those edges in a new leverage, the 312 CF cuts material ranging from plastic cable ties to hardened spring steel, tremendous versatility. And the pliers head has been improved. Our designers better pinpointed the failure points, added material in those places, reducing the breakage, tip breakage, even when these pliers are engaged in the toughest task. And we matched it all with the latest in Snap-on cushion grips. Our customer connections showed that there was a great need for pliers with improved versatility, durability, and comfort. The 312 CF provides just that, and we expect strong sales, even in an established category. Also in the quarter, the tools group introduced the low-profile swivel impact socket set. Now we've been selling sockets for a dog's age, a long time. But this new set expands our line of confined space solutions with a reduced height, provides better -- that reduced height provides better access to fasteners, great for tight engine compartments, underneath dash spaces and any difficult to reach area. The new design also features laser welded pivot points and the weld beads are machines flushed to the socket for improved appearance and safety. It adds a smooth full 30 degree swivel action for more efficient power. Power and access, just what's needed for the tight spaces and the challenging tasks of today's more complex engine compartments. Snap-on innovation; a tradition in Snap-on since 1920, but we believe getting much better helping technicians perform their work more efficiently and enabling solutions in a rapid changing environment. But the tools group is not just product, it's also based on amplifying the capability of our franchisees and the power of our network. The Rock n Roll pads and the Techno Express are great examples of that. But now we are also enabling our team with the Chrome Express Plus System, supporting multiple mobile terminals. A number of our franchisees have chosen to add an assistant to the route. While Chrome Express Plus enables that add, making it possible to multiply selling time and to reach more customers, it's another clear opportunity for more growth. And we can't talk about tools group without speaking of its strategic partner, our financial services team, tapping the power and insight of our franchisees, financing big ticket sales, serving as a great assist to our tools business and you can see it in the strategic relationships playing out vividly in the quarter's results. Now let's speak of RS&I; first quarter organic sales rose 3.1% led by sales to independent shop owners and managers, operating earnings of $69 million, up $5.1 million from 2015. The operating margin, 24.7%, a rise of 120 basis points. RS&I; we're clearly seeing the power of RS&I -- RCI, rapid continuous improvement, driving margin expansion, it's evident again in this quarter in the strong earnings. I often speak of this, the successful handheld -- our successful line of handheld diagnostic units, well received in the market, driving growth throughout independent repair shops. In the first quarter, that advantage was again highlighted publicly. Our SOLUS Edge and our ETHOS Tech handhelds were honored by Undercard Digest, both recognized by that magazine as a Top 10 tool. The SOLUS Edge, faster processing, larger screen, the power of Mitchell 1 SureTrack, all combining for the fastest fixes. It's the tool for experienced technicians. And the ETHOS Tech with its considerable functionality and attractive price point, great for the first-time diagnostic buyer. Both handhelds were selected by the votes of technicians and shop owners who use these tools every day and who read Undercard Digest. One clear reason why the RS&I margins have continued to climb all these quarters is the ongoing stream of innovations made possible by customer connections with professional tool users. An example of that in this quarter, RS&I launched its shift -- launched and shipped its new advanced touchscreen diagnostic workstation. It features our most powerful diagnostic tool, the VERUS Edge handheld, and it's paired with a custom roll cart for easy mobility and a large 27-inch touchscreen monitor for increased readability and productivity. This workstation, all of this visibly reinforcing independent repair shops capabilities, building that customer confidence, so important in an environment of rising vehicle technology. In addition this quarter, our equipment division launched what we believe to be a game changer, the V3300 wheel aligner, a next generation unit targeted specifically at specialty shops and dealerships, faster readings, real-time data to the technician and a significant reduction in cycle time. We've already received enthusiastic feedback in just a few weeks from a wide range of potential customers and we are confident it's another share taker. Finally, RSI continued its expansion into the heavy-duty segment, strengthening the Snap-on Pro-Link Ultra's position as the go-to handheld in big truck shops, adding coverage, enhancing functionality and building and expanding presence in the heavy-duty repair shops across the U.S. So that's the highlights. Continued progress; organic sales rising 2.5%, gains achieved through Snap-on value creation processes, especially innovation in RS&I, strengthening our businesses and driving to an 18.6% opco operating margin, up substantially. And in the face of currency and industry headwinds, EPS of $2.16, up 15.5%, it was an encouraging quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Our first quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $834.2 million were up 2.5% organically, primarily reflecting increases in our businesses serving automotive repair, partially offset by lower sales to critical industries in our C&I segment. On a reported basis, net sales, which included $16.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation and $2.6 million of acquisition related sales, increased $6.4 million, or just under 1% from 2015 levels. Largely due to the strengthening of the US dollar, foreign currency movements adversely impacted our Q1 sales comparisons by 200 basis points. Consolidated gross margin of 49.8% improved 30 basis points from 2015 levels as benefits from higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives were partially offset by 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $259.9 million yielded an operating expense margin of 31.2% in the quarter, an improvement of 160 basis points from last year, primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage and savings from RCI initiatives, lower stock-based mark-to-market compensation and other expenses as well as lower pension expense. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before financial services of $155.4 million, including $7.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency FX, increased 12.7% as compared to the prior year, and as percentage of sales, increased 190 basis points to 18.6%. Financial services revenue of $66.3 million in the quarter increased 15.5% from 2015 levels and operating earnings of $47 million increased 16.6%. These increases primarily reflect the continued growth of the financial services portfolio. Consolidated operating earnings of $202.4 million, including $8.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased 13.6%. And the operating margin of 22.5% increased 240 basis points from 20.1% a year ago. Our first quarter effective income tax rate of 31% compared to 32% last year. For the full year, we continue to anticipate that our 2016 effective income tax rate will be comparable to our full-year 2015 rate of 31.7%. Finally, net earnings of $128.3 million or $2.16 per share increased $17.8 million or $0.29 per share from 2015 levels, representing a 15.5% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with commercial and industrial, or C&I, group on Slide 7, sales of $287 million in the first quarter decreased 1.3% organically primarily due to a double-digit decline in sales to customers in critical industries. This decline was partially offset by a double-digit increase in the segment's Asia-Pacific operations, a high single-digit gain in the segment's power tools operations, and a mid-single-digit sales increase from the segment's European-based handtools business. Gross profit in the C&I group of $110.5 million compared to $116.5 million last year. The gross margins of 38.5% decreased 70 basis points primarily due to a decrease in higher gross margin sales to customers in critical industries and 40 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects partially offset by savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $69.4 million in the quarter compared to $72.5 million last year. The operating expense margin of 24.2% improved 20 basis points from 24.4% last year. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the C&I segment of $41.1 million, including $2.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, decreased $2.9 million from 2015 levels and the operating margin of 14.3% compared to 14.8% last year. Turning now to Slide 8, first quarter sales in the Snap-on tools group of $402.5 million increased 8.1% organically, reflecting a high single-digit gain in the company's U.S. franchise operations and a mid-single digit increase in the company's international franchise operations. Sales gains continue to reflect strong demand, including for big-ticket items such as tool storage and diagnostics. Gross profit of $173.2 million compared to $166.3 million last year. The gross margin of 43% decreased 100 basis points for the most part due to unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses were $106.5 million in both the first quarters of 2016 and 2015. The operating expense margin of 26.4% improved 180 basis points primarily due to sales volume leverage and savings from RCI initiatives as well as 50 basis points of lower stock-based cost associated with the Company's franchisee stock purchase plan. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the Snap-on tools group of $66.7 million, including $4.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased $6.9 million and the operating margin of 16.6% improved 80 basis points from 15.8% last year. Turning to the repair systems information or RS&I group, shown on Slide 9, first quarter sales of $278.8 million increased 3.1% organically. The organic sales increase primarily reflects a mid-single digit gain in sales of diagnostic and repair information products, a low single-digit increases in both sales of undercar equipment and sales to OEM dealerships. Gross profit of $131.6 million compared to $127.3 million last year. Gross margin of 47.2% improved 40 basis points, primarily due to savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $62.6 million in the quarter compared to $63.4 million last year. The operating expense margin of 22.5% improved 80 basis points, primarily due to sales volume leverage and savings from RCI initiatives. First quarter operating earnings for the RS&I group of $69 million, including $1.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased $5.1 million from prior year levels. And the operating margin of 24.7% improved 120 basis points from 23.5% last year. Now turning to Slide 10, operating earnings from financial services of $47 million on revenue of $66.3 million compared with operating earnings of $40.3 million on revenue of $57.4 million last year. The average yield on finance receivables of 17.9% in the quarter compared with 17.7% last year. And the average yield on contract receivables was 9.5% in both periods. Originations of $264.6 million in the quarter increased 14.7% from 2015 levels. Moving to Slide 11, our quarter-end balance sheet includes approximately $1.6 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.4 billion from our U.S. operation. Approximately 81% of our US financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. In the first quarter of 2016, our worldwide financial services portfolio grew $53.3 million, continuing to reflect the previously mentioned higher sales of big-ticket items like the Snap-on tools group. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now turning to Slide 12, cash provided by operations of $141.6 million in the quarter increased $63.5 million from comparable 2015 levels due in part to higher 2016 net earnings and lower growth in working investment as compared to the prior year. Net cash used by investing activities of $79.6 million included $56.8 million to fund a net increase in finance receivables. Capital expenditures of $19.5 million in the quarter compared with $18.1 million last year. Turning to Slide 13, days sales outstanding for trade receivables of 61 days compared with 60 days at 2015 year-end. Inventories increased $13.8 million from 2015 year-end levels primarily to support continued higher customer demand in the auto repair sector and new product introductions. On a trailing twelve month basis, inventory turns of 3.4 compared with 3.5 turns at 2015 year-end. Our quarter-end cash position of $106.3 million increased $13.5 million from 2015 year-end levels. The net increase includes $174.1 million of cash from collections of finance receivables, and $141.6 million of cash from operations. These cash increases were largely offset by the funding of $230.9 million of new finance receivables, dividend payments of $35.4 million, the repurchase of 157,000 shares for $23.1 million, and $19.5 million for capital expenditures. Our net debt capital ratio of 23.6% compared with 24.6% at 2015 year-end. In addition to our $106.3 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities and our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper markets. As of the first quarter end, we had no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. This concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. That's our first quarter, performance against the wind. We believe it's a period that authors strong confidence going forward, authoring or auguring progress along our runway for both improvement and growth. Enhancing the van channel, the tools group grew 8.1% organically and the OI margin reached 16.6%, up 80 basis points. Franchisees confident and committed, a stream of exciting new hit products and a continuing line of ways to wield the van channel more powerfully, the Rock n Roll CADs to the Techno Express and now the Chrome Express Plus enabling the franchisees to reach more customers. Expanding repair shop owners and managers. Sales up 3.1%. OI margin rising 120 basis points to 25.7%, great products. The V3300 aligner, the ETHOS and the SOLUS handheld meeting the growing complexity of vehicle repair. Building in emerging markets, expanding the physicals, sales increasing in a varying landscape. And finally, extending to critical industries. Turbulence, but we still see progress. Clear to us in terms of expanding product lines aimed at solving the critical in those sectors outside the garage. And you can't look at our quarter without seeing the hallmarks of Snap-on value creation, driving improvement against the difficulties, authoring an OI margin of 18.6%, up substantially versus last year, again. And when you add that opco performance to our financial services progress, it rolls together for an EPS of $2.16, up 15.5%, extending our trend of rising profitability, a 15.5% rise in what most would call a turbulent environment. We believe it was an encouraging quarter, and one which points clearly to continued and significant gains as we move forward. Now before I turn the call over to the operator, it's appropriate that I say words to our franchisees and associates. Once again, I know many of you are listening, the progress of our first quarter most clearly reflects your extraordinary capability and your unique dedication. For the skills you bring to our company, for the energy you devote to our efforts and for the commitment you give to our team, you have my admiration and you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Liam Burke with Wunderlich. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Liam Burke: Thank you. Good morning, Nick. Good morning, Aldo. The auto repair and maintenance end market seems to be working in your favor. The macro trends seem to be strong now and sustainable. Are you seeing any change in the competitive environment?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Not really. I'm sure -- you know, we have a fairly strong position in these markets, as you know. And generally, as I've said many times on these calls, built on I think the overwhelming capability of our van network and the skill of our franchisees, and the ongoing understanding of the repair shop, we generally reflect back on ourselves. So when I talk about franchisees, they almost never really mentioned the competition although I'm sure is formidable. They mention about how we can improve back on ourselves. And I'm seeing no change in that really. And I think the tools group numbers seem to say that. Their numbers look pretty good. They continually make this up. They've been up 6% or greater 23 of 24 quarters. One of the things I like to say about that, I think one of the investment theses about Snap-on is that Snap-on is a company that is so much more -- so much more to do, so many more places to grow and improve. And the tools group, the van channel, has been around for decades, and yet they have been able to do this by creating a bigger plume and being able to expand so dramatically by creating a greater plume of new product and figuring out through things like these Rock 'n Roll cads and Techno Express and now Chrome Express Plus, how to wield those vans more effectively. That's what's happening with us in the market.
Liam Burke: Thanks Nick. And also on the diagnostic side, you mentioned the handheld as some of the key product introductions and innovation you're getting there. If you look at the diagnostics business in general, is most of the growth coming out of handheld or do you have some innovative products coming into the service station owner and manager?
Nicholas Pinchuk: If you look at RS&I; we are getting growth in a broad range. Diagnostic stuff is growing very strongly. If you look at big-ticket items in the tools group, which is the bigger diagnostics and the tool storage and so on, they are up higher than -- they're growing faster than the tools group. So that looks pretty strong. We keep innovating around handhelds, and that's of course some of the spiffy stuff people like to talk about because people want more diagnostics as the cars get more complex. But also if you look at equipment, you will see that in terms of the new aligners we brought out. And behind the aligners, there's an array of new balancers and so on. And then finally, we keep enhancing our software product like this SureTrack, which accesses hundreds of millions of actual repair events and allows technicians to pinpoint the possible repair and shortcut to that repair through big data. That's an exciting product which is going into the garage at the same time.
Liam Burke: Great. Thanks, Nick.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to David Leiker with Baird. Please go ahead, your line is open.
David Leiker: Good morning everyone. A couple of things I want to walk through. In C&I, you still have I think at least another quarter here of tough comps year-over-year. Is that right?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, look, I think at C&I if you look at this, I think you could say you'd be allowed to the fact that oil and gas gets -- it wasn't as we did in the first quarter last year, if you remember, in oil and gas. The second quarter started tail off. So I think oil and gas tends to get a little easier moving into the second quarter. But military was strong and international aviation was strong in the second quarter. So we still have another quarter of batting up against that. It tends to get easier in the third and fourth quarter. I don't want to say easier, but it tends to be less high of a bar.
David Leiker: Yes, and if I remember correctly, your fourth quarter for oil and gas, energy, military, that Q4 tone was slightly weaker than Q3. What does it look like in the first quarter versus Q4?
Nicholas Pinchuk: It's weaker. Both of those are weaker in the first quarter than they were in Q4. I think marginally. I'd say marginally weaker. It's somewhat weaker though. It's hard to say, David, because you've got fourth quarter over first quarter. You might have some mild seasonality flowing through that, but I would say mildly weaker.
David Leiker: Do you think when we get to that point through these comps in the second half that they are more normalized, that those businesses are down single digits instead of double digits?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I'm not in the business of forecasting that, but certainly we'd come back to substantially lower comparisons. And so that by arithmetic changes the whole situation. And then remember, we keep investing in those businesses. We brought out -- I just want to point out, we had a tough year in the military, and we brought out over 700 new products aimed at the military. So, we keep positioning ourselves for this, so we are ready to go. We are all dressed up. When the party comes, we are ready to dance.
David Leiker: And then Aldo, just a question for you on currency, a lot of details you split out there. Is there a way that you can, on the EBIT line, split out how much of that currency effect was translation versus transactional currency? Could some of these cross-currency relationships seem to be a little bit out of balance with what we normally would see?
Aldo Pagliari: We do. I don't want to actually give the internal calculus around that number, but I think, to help you out, as you look forward looking at today's currency rates, transaction will be the greater burden that affects the EBIT calculation so to speak and translation abates a little bit as you go forward using today's rates if you march forward in time.
David Leiker: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please go ahead, your line is open.
David Kelley: Good morning everyone, this is David Kelley in for Bret. Thanks for taking my questions. And a couple ones, and first I guess a follow-up to an earlier question. The US franchisee base posted really another excellent quarter here. And I know there's been some discussion of a sequential slowdown through Q1 from an aftermarket distributor that reported earlier this week. Is that something that impacted you at all either from your franchisees or let's say RS&I sell-through to the non-dealer channel? And I guess to that point, could you give us maybe a general feel for cadence and tools and RS&I performance throughout the quarter?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't think we want to give you cadence throughout the quarter, I don't think – look, I think we are not seeing -- I wouldn't say we are seeing any marked change in the auto repair related businesses. When we go, either in our numbers or when I go out and visit the garage, when I ride these vans. One of the interesting things about our view of the economy is this, is when we look at -- we parse it between auto related and the industrial. We did it in my remarks. But you know, I think one of the fascinating it's about today's environment is it's big to small -- I mean small-to-big. If you're out in the small garage, if you're out in these garages, they are feeling good. They are confident. They are great. So those businesses, the small businesses, to us in our sectors seem uniformly to be enthusiastic and confident and doing very well. As you rise in the size of business, the amount of cautiousness increases. And you can see that in our businesses as well. So when we are selling to the garage from garage to garage, from dealership to dealership, we see good things. When we are engaging with let's say the OEMs or the manufacturers, that's a little bit more tepid. But to answer your question directly, at the grassroots level, we are not seeing any abatement in this. In fact, our franchisees are only getting more confident as far as I can tell.
David Kelley: Great. I really appreciate that color. And I guess just a quick follow-up. As you talk about the grassroots movement and the strength at the garage level, what do you see as the better opportunity in 2016? Are we selling more to the mechanics or the shop owners with some of diagnostic equipment?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, actually, it merged a little bit because what's happening is that it used to be that much of the bigger diagnostic equipment was sold to the shop, and it was spread around. It was shared between technicians. What's happening now is while 40% to 50% of the repairs in a -- of the car-park, the 300 million car, vehicle car-park, 40% or 50% of those repairs require a diagnostic unit. 80% of the new car repairs require a diagnostic unit. So every technician is going to need a diagnostic unit from that ETHOS read and reset to all the way up to our VERUS PRO that will solve the most puzzling of problems. And so we are seeing more sales now to individuals. But we are also seeing -- that's the market situation. But RS&I has only within the last, let's say within the last five or six years started -- five, six, seven years -- started to focus on repair shop owners and managers as a particular customer base. So, you see that opportunity unfold for us as we learn what they need, and we arm our quiver with more products. We give us more to sell to those guys. So I would say the market is going really robustly for the technicians. Shop owners and managers are still buying but we have a particular share gain opportunity with owners and managers.
David Kelley: Okay, great. Thank you. And then one more for me and I'll jump back into queue here. Can you maybe give us some color on the impact of the lower stock-based compensation and pension expense on corporate expense? And then if we think about the last few years, you've run I think roughly $100 million annualized corporate expense. How do we think about the full-year run rate for 2016?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think we kind of give guidance around $25 million a quarter or so on. So it's interesting. Last year in the quarter, we had a particularly expensive mark-to-market event that drove corporate expense up. I think it was $29 million and change. This year, we had a particularly favorable one which brought it down to $21 million and change. Really the $21 million compares to a $25 million run rate if you really want to think of it in those terms. If you talk about operating expense, yes. In operating expense, there's that mark-to-market and the pension expense that's in there that's making some of the improvements in operating expense. What we do is when we look at our numbers, we say this, yes, we've got good news from mark-to-market but we got bad news from currency. They about balanced, mark-to-market and pension currency, and we still grew EPS at 15.5%.
David Kelley: Great, I appreciate the color. Thanks again.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
David MacGregor: Good morning, everyone. You caught my attention with the observation of franchisees adding help on the van, and that should drive sales productivity. Do you have a count on -- I know you've got 3,500 trucks running in the United States.
Nicholas Pinchuk: That's a ballpark, it's 3,475. I don't know that number. It's written on might shorts here. That's why I see it every morning.
David MacGregor: Do you have a figure on growth, just to what extent you are selling…
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, I don't want to get in the business of reporting that, but let's just say that that is a small number so far. In the 15% to 20% range of the franchisees have those as systems. As you know, most of them -- and it's a franchisee's choice to make the decision. We enable it with things like Chrome Express Plus and other things. But what I see when I go to these kickoffs or go to the National Franchisee Advisory Council and talk to these, the more the franchisees see the success of other people with these assistance, the more they say, hey, maybe I could do this. I could hire new guys. I could reach more customers. I can increase my sales. And they are looking at that because, now, having grown for 23 out of 24 quarters 6% or greater, they want this growth. They expect it and so they are looking for things which could make their businesses better.
David MacGregor: The other question I had for you was just the disparity in growth rates between your originations on the credit business and the tools growth. And I'm just wondering if you can talk were there any changes within the credit model and the extent to which this has helped you with your most creditworthy customers, drive…
Nicholas Pinchuk: Look, I think there are lots of things floating through here. It depends how long wave you want to look at it. If you look at it in any one particular quarter, you are talking -- first of all, you are talking big ticket items. So, big ticket items in this particular quarter, tool storage, big diagnostic and so on, they grew faster than the tools group, so it's hard to match that. Plus there's a timing question and then a sales tech on top of it. So there is a lot of things that goes on in the individual quarters. If you are saying have we wielded credit more effectively or more broadly, we have, because what we've done is we've spent a lot of time determining, determining, determining who are our best franchisees, and how they are good at credit. There's been no change in the credit model really. There's been no change in the credit model. But we have done a great job I think of using those franchisees who have the best instincts and insight and capability around credit, and enlisting them in the credit company to advance this kind of activity.
David MacGregor: You have a history of managing credit very effectively, so I was more focused on the extent to which this may put more purchasing power in the hands of your customers to buy bigger ticket items going forward.
Nicholas Pinchuk: There is some of that, but we haven't really changed it. It can make it possible for certain people who couldn't get credit before, who happen to be in a route that's superintended by one of the people that we now think is a great credit guy, what we call a Platinum Elite guy. That could make that change. But generally we've kind of held it. We've kind of held that model I think, except for this engaging the knowledge of the franchisee.
David MacGregor: Got it. Thanks very much.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Gary Prestopino: Good morning everyone. Nick, is the Chrome Express Plus, is that the program of putting assistance on the vans? I'm a little confused there.
Nicholas Pinchuk: You know what it is? The Chrome Express Plus is an adjunct to our new computer system. Several years ago, we rolled out a new computer system, point-of-sale system, for the van. And then more recently, we have added Chrome Express Plus, which allows mobile, tablets, multiple tablets to roll out from the van. And what I am saying is the franchisees, the franchisees have looked at their situation and realized that, boy, they would like to add selling time. So they have made the decision, on an individual basis pretty much, it has been a grassroots effort, to try to pick up assistance. And then this Chrome Express Plus is a response to that help enable them. We don't have a program to bring on assistants. We are not sponsoring a program or anything like that. It's fundamentally the franchisees themselves because after all these are independent businessmen who make these decisions. But we have created Chrome Express Plus that really leverages -- if you have an assistant, chrome express plus really helps you. And it really helps the assistants that is there. That's what I was trying to say.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. I was just a little confused on that. And then on the diagnostic side, interesting comments about -- you are saying number of cars or amount of cars that now need some kind of diagnostic usage and repair. But is there something within these diagnostic products that you are putting out that make older ones more obsolete? Is it just computing power, amount of information they can show? I'm just trying to get an idea of how long one of these techs can use a diagnostic tool effectively before he or she has to switch…
Nicholas Pinchuk: In a way, Gary, it's a little bit like a TV. You could still be using a tube, I suppose, but every time there are two pieces here. One is software, we keep updating software. I want to say a couple of times a year we keep updating software. Then we bring out so you could be having an existing handheld and keep updating the software, keep updating the software. Eventually that software might not be run so effectively on some of the older models. That is one, so you would want to change. Secondly, again, it's like a TV. We bring out the newer models, and they have features, touchscreen feature. The new SOLUS, you turn it on, it comes on in like seconds, five seconds. The older one was slower. VERUS Edge, you can get technical service bulletins. You go out on the Internet and you get SureTrack on it, different capabilities. By the way, it's about -- it's substantially lighter and better ergonomics than it was. So you have these two things going on. So if you behold one of these new diagnostics, and this happens all of the time, because people say, gee, I'd really like to use this; it is a lot lighter; it would be effective for me; it's a lot quicker; it's more easy with a touchscreen. So people tend to want to upgrade. So we keep enhancing those. And there is software on top of it.
Gary Prestopino: Thanks. And just for Aldo, did I hear you right that you said currency has negatively impacted net earnings by about $8.1 million this quarter?
Aldo Pagliari: That's correct. That's the bottom-line impact.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. So in terms of translation, which currency is going to have more impact as we go forward? Is it the euro or the pound?
Aldo Pagliari: The euro historically would be the biggest currency, and in 2015 was the biggest decrement to sales. That is starting to wane now as the euro has stabilizes. So as you go forward I think you look at the pound and the Canadian dollar will start to factor in, but I would say that's my best description right now, Gary. I think you'll see less translation negative impact coming from the euro, yet within the Company, there is still some transaction drag that's created from the currency mix that we have.
Gary Prestopino: Alright, that's what I thought. Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Richard Hilgert with Morningstar. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Richard Hilgert: Good morning, Nick. Good morning, Aldo. How are you?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Good morning. How are you?
Richard Hilgert: Doing well, thanks. And thanks for taking my questions this morning.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure.
Richard Hilgert: I just wanted to go back to a couple of things. The corporate expense line for coming to operating earnings, that was an $8.4 million reduction from last year to this year. And did I hear you right, this is related to pension expense but it sounded like you were talking about currency too. So am I to assume that this is the…
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, there is couple pieces to that, one is of course pension expense, it's between -- I think that's between $1 million and $2 million, something like that. And the rest is principally marked-to-market around the stock-based compensation. So basically when the stock price goes down, you get good news. When it goes up, you get a mark-to-market. So what happened last year is a little bit misleading because last year -- that difference is versus last year, and last year the stock price went up in the quarter. So we had bad news in mark-to-market. And so you are comparing the bad -- the good news this year with the bad news last year, and so you get an expanded number in the $6 million range.
Richard Hilgert: Okay, got you. So mark-to-market on the stock compensation expense.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes.
Richard Hilgert: Alright. And then on receivables in the finance group, you guys did a great job bringing on receivables that were up 17% in the quarter. So really good loan origination going on. I'm curious. You mentioned earlier about Premium Elite status franchisees. Is this because of their efforts to increase the credit portfolio, or is this driven because there is a different mix in what loans are being originated or…
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, no, no. What this means is this is the kind of framework which we've had for some time. The broader characterization is Platinum. These are people who are engaging in the credit program. They are spending time thinking about how to deal with credit. And the better guys, the top end guys, are what we call the Platinum Elite. And what this really means, Richard, is certain franchisees can judge credit, can add to our credit model. We have -- our credit process is like this
Richard Hilgert: Okay, great. And it sounds like these guys, being more adept at credit policy, are better able to identify potential risks that even though you're penetrating your market more so on the finance side, the risk that you are taking on hasn't changed. Is that a fair statement?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Any other -- most other credit facilities, through the eyes of these people, we actually know the borrower very, very well, and that's the essence of how we keep the losses down so low.
Richard Hilgert: Okay, very good. Thanks again for taking my questions.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Okay.
Operator: And this concludes our Q&A session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Leslie for closing remarks.
Leslie Kratcoski: We appreciate you joining us today. A replay of the call will be available shortly on Snapon.com. And as always, we thank you for your interest in the company. Good day.
Operator: And this does conclude today's program. You may disconnect at this time. Thank you and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-on, Inc. Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc. Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.
Analysts: Thomas Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC Richard Hilgert - Morningstar Research
Operator: Please, stand by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Snap-on Incorporated 2015 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results Conference. Just as a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to your host for today, Leslie Kratcoski. Please, go ahead.
Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-on, Inc.: Thanks, Sarah, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's fourth quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website under Investor Information. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everybody. I'll start with the highlights of our fourth quarter and our year. As usual, I'll give you my perspective on the results, on the environment and on our progress. And after that, Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials The Snap-on fourth quarter; organic sales up and profits well above last year. The period continued our positive trajectory of performance. Again this quarter, we had opportunities and we had headwinds. We took advantage of those opportunities and we overcame the headwinds. Organic sales grew 3.1%. If we include the impact of $33.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation, overall sales in the quarter were $851.7 million, a small decrease from last year. Our EPS was $2.22, up 12.7% from $1.97 in 2014. And that rise reflects an OpCo operating margin of 19.1%, an increase of 220 basis points. Financial service earnings of $45 million in the quarter were also up, leading to a consolidated operating margin, including both financial services and OpCo, of 22.7%, an improvement of 230 basis points. The results were encouraging. Our markets, the automotive repair-related segments, they continue to be favorable. Changing technologies and aging vehicles are requiring new tools and more repairs. Our Tools Group and our Repair Systems & Information, or the RS&I Group, took advantage of those opportunities and grew across our franchise network and with repair shop owners and managers. Now, for our Commercial & Industrial Group, or our C&I Group, markets were mixed, headwinds a bit more pronounced in the quarter, impacted by few down sectors and macro economically challenged geographies, leading to organic volume just under 2014. A couple of those difficult environments were natural resources and the U.S. military, both substantially lower in the fourth quarter. Oil and gas, a market we've identified as a long-term strategic growth opportunity for us and we continue to see it that way. But in the quarter, we experienced similar issues to those businesses with more prominent exposure in that arena and we saw a deep decline. The military sales: ongoing troop drawdown's and budget restraints led to a substantial year-over-year drop. But we continue to maintain our presence in that segment and we're poised to increase our position when the variability subsides. C&I's also the most international of businesses and was also challenged in the quarter by economic turbulence across the globe and some of the European markets and in parts of Asia Pacific. That said, C&I progressed through the quarterly headwinds, taking advantage of the opportunities in critical industries like aviation, and in national markets like Japan and Germany and Mexico, and in emerging markets like India and Indonesia. So, overall, our businesses I would characterize – overall across our businesses, I would characterize our markets as mixed. We have tailwinds in automotive repair and we have pockets of turbulence in some afflicted critical industries and in challenged geographies. Having said that, we believe that our businesses are well-positioned to capitalize on the possibilities, opportunities that do exist along our runways for growth, enhancing the van network, expanding with Snap-on's presence with repair shop owners and managers, extending into critical industries, and building in emerging markets. These are the strategic initiatives we see as decisive for our future. And we'll continue to strengthen our position along those runways as we go forward. And also, looking ahead, we also see clear runways for improvement. Snap-on Value Creation processes; safety, quality, customer connection, innovation, rapid continuous improvement or RCI, driving significant progress, and our fourth quarter and our full year results confirm those ongoing improvement possibilities. Let's speak about the full year. Snap-on's EPS in 2015 was $8.10, an increase of 13.4%. Driving those earnings was an OpCo earnings margin of 17.7%, up 140 basis points for the full year. And when we include the income from financial services of $170.2 million, which rose $21.1 million, the consolidated operating margin for the corporation in the year was 21.3%, up 170 basis points. That performance came on sales for the year of $3.4 billion reflecting a 7.1% organic increase, broad growth. Tools Group up 10.9%; RS&I increasing 4.9%; C&I rising 5.8%, all performances in the year reflecting significant advances down our runways for growth and for improvement. Now, let's move to the groups and their fourth quarter results. C&I: sales were down in the period 5.5% from 2014, impacted by 490 basis points of unfavorable currency. Organic sales were slightly lower than last year with varied results across the group, gains by SNA Europe, our European hand tools business and the power tools operation and decreases at the Industrial division. From an earnings perspective, C&I operating income was $41.9 million. That represents an operating margin of 14.9%, a rise of 130 basis points. Encouragingly, SNA Europe posted a sales increase again in the midst of significant European headwinds, continuing its progress now, nine quarters in a row of year-over-year growth, and the profits rising even higher, now up 11 straight quarters, reflecting RCI and Snap-on Value Creation, new products and new processes; positive trends in some difficult geographies. Also in C&I, our power tools division advanced in the period, bolstered by an array of new products. Innovations like our CDR8815 18V Lithium Cordless Drill launched in the quarter. It's our latest in the successful line of cordless tools; an oversized variable speed trigger, less finger stress and more accurate torque control; a heavy-duty gearbox reducing operating wobble and run-out, important for power tools. A precision single sleeve keyless chuck with carbide jaw, increasing grip and torque and enabling one-handed bit changes; a nice time saver for professionals. And all those features contained in a powerful but compact design. With the CDR8815, we believe we have a winner and the early results confirm it. Now, the Industrial division had weaker sales in the quarter, as we mentioned, and there were difficulties in military and oil and gas. That said, we've maintained our growth strategies of extending in critical industries even during this turbulence. We remain committed to ongoing advancements made possible by Snap-on Value Creation especially in customer connection and innovation, authoring new products specifically aimed at customers facing critical challenges. One of those new products, designed for the natural resource sector, is the Snap-on gas meter wrench, custom engineered for a safer and more efficient service of gas meters, rugged and lightweight with an aviation-grade aluminum body, five interchangeable heads for maximum versatility, and a 19-inch handle to more easily generate the full range of force required. Over 500,000 gas meters are replaced annually in New York City area alone and 20% to 30% of all injuries in the utility sector are attributed to the gas meter service. This innovative new Snap-on wrench was guided by customer connection, direct observation of the work and it includes an improved ergonomic design for better grip and less hand stress. And, of course, it incorporates our Snap-on Flank Drive wrenching system, eliminating slippage and requiring less force to complete the job. It's more versatile. It ends the need for a technician to carry a heavy bag of assorted pipe wrenches, and it's safer and more effective. We believe the Snap-on gas meter wrench will be a big seller; a must-have for service technicians throughout the power generation industry. It's just another example, another example of customer connection and innovation, strengthening the C&I position in critical industries. Now, on to the Tools Group; an 8.7% rise in organic sales; an encouraging increase again this quarter. The operating earnings of $71.9 million represented a margin rate of 17.5%, up 100 basis points from last year. And that gain included a 70-basis point impact from negative currency. We speak quite a bit about the runways for coherent growth. Strategic avenues of sales advancement and clearly large among those opportunities is enhancing the franchise network. The Tools Group once again demonstrated significant progress along that runway. You can see it vividly in the financial numbers for the quarter and for the full year and it's evident in the health metrics we monitor each period whether it's franchise profitability, turnover or delinquencies. The measures of franchise health are all trending upward. And that speaks to the growing strength and to the widening advantage, the widening advantage of our band network in the robust vehicle repair arena. But beyond the numbers, there's qualitative but clearly observable evidence of forward momentum. I can tell you that the franchisees at our fourth quarter National Franchise Advisory Council and more recently at the 2016 kickoff events held earlier this month demonstrated the enthusiasm and confirmed the optimism that has marked the Tools Group from route to route for some time now. And there's more evidence. We continue to be recognized as a franchise of choice. Again, this year, Snap-on ranked among the top 25 in Entrepreneurs Magazine's List of Top 500 Franchises. And the Franchise Business Review, which collects franchisee satisfaction feedback, listed Snap-on as a Top 50 Franchise in its latest ranking, marking the ninth consecutive year we received that award. It also goes without saying that the Tools Group's performance would not have been possible without the benefits of Snap-on Value Creation, particularly innovation and customer connection creating an assortment of exciting new products, born from our unique customer interactions. And for the sixth straight year, the Tools Group increased this number of hit products, million dollar sellers developed from that direct customer observation, from our onsite experience in the workplace. Let's consider our new SPBS series of striking prybars; an upgrade in performance, in durability, and most importantly, in safety. These next-generation tools include a precision ground blade with angle design for maximum lift. It also features a new grip material which performs in extremely low temperatures, in important place like Chicago today, and has greater resistance to common shop chemicals. And it features a new ergonomic handle that not only offers a more comfortable grip, but the flared design provides technician hands greatly improved protection from off-center hits. Not a small feature. It's an exceptional design made possible from customer connection, and it represents progress even in a long, established product line. Finally, I'd be missing a huge contributor to our van channel and a major strategic advantage if I didn't mention Snap-on Credit, financing the network's big ticket items. And as you would expect, the Credit operation was well represented at our kickoff meetings – at our recent kickoff meetings held in the first part of the year. And they were working to increase the power of Credit and making our finance operations an even greater strategic contributor. Snap-on is wielding its tools network more effectively every day. And the support of our Credit company is a major element in that progress. Moving to RS&I. Sales in the fourth quarter were $280.6 million with organic gains of 2.2%, reflecting a rise in diagnostics and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers, a low single digit increase to OEM dealerships, and essentially flat sales of undercar equipment. Operating earnings of $72.1 million rose $6.9 million. And the OI margin, it was 25.7%, up 260 basis points from last year's 23.1% with RCI paving the way. RC&I advanced in the quarter, expanding with repair shop owners and managers, but particularly with the independents. Mitchell 1 offers independent shops leading shop management software, innovative marketing services to gain more repair customers, and the most comprehensive and capable repair information anywhere. And based on customer connection, it has thousands of customer contexts every year. Mitchell 1 keeps improving its advantage, adding repair information for new vehicles, improving the ease of navigating its ProDemand system, building on the millions of actual repair events it already catalogs, making its unique SureTrack big data repair base even more powerful and customers, shop owners and managers have taken notice. The quarter saw more fleet placements, more attention to industry shows like APEC and more penetration of shops across the country. From our diagnostics division, also selling to independents; another solid quarter, including positive results from our newest handheld unit, the VERUS Edge. I mentioned it last quarter; it was in the midst of its introduction, while the enthusiasm continued from our customers and from our franchisees. It's our most successful launch. Customer satisfaction is high and we regularly receive testimonials when I go out and visit with franchisees and customers and technicians. We receive testimonials like the VERUS Edge, it helps my shop fix cars faster and be more profitable. VERUS Edge is quite a product; faster, easier, smarter. Technical service bulletins at hand, comprehensive diagnostics, and the power of SureTrack big repair data. Simply the best handheld in vehicle repair and is another winner with independent shops, it's clear. And speaking of diagnostics, this time in the heavy truck area, we continue to expand our coverage. More engines, more power train combinations. The PRO-LINK Ultra, already the go-to diagnostics in truck shops across the nation, got stronger again. Finally, in the period, RSI Equipment Division recorded essentially flat activity, impacted particularly by Eastern Europe. That said, we keep driving to expand our position in equipment with repair shops. With innovative new products like the B1200P wheel balancer system, designed for more sophisticated independent shops with specialty or a dealer-like operation. A series of customer connection with those locations help us highlight the need for features like fast run-out measurement, automatic data entry via scanners and Smart Sonar, a pin-point laser light for positioning the adhesive weights on the wheel, and a highly intuitive and rapid touch screen interface. The B1200; faster and more accurate. It's now available in European markets and the North American introduction is scheduled for later this year. So, that's RS&I; using Snap-on Value Creation, authoring innovative new products, capturing opportunities and securing an expanded presence with shop owners and managers. And that's our fourth quarter; organic sales rising 3.1%; EPS, $2.22 in the quarter, up 12.7% against the $0.11 of unfavorable currency; progress along our runways for coherent growth; and clear advancements down our runways for improvement; safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement, driving a 19.1% operating margin, 220 basis points higher than last year. It was an encouraging quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Thanks, Nick. Our fourth quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on slide six. Net sales of $851.7 million in the quarter were up 3.1% organically, reflecting increases in our businesses serving automotive repair, notably, the Snap-on Tools Group, as well as our diagnostics and repair information business, partially offset by some headwinds in our C&I segment. On a reported basis, net sales, which included $33.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation decreased $5.7 million or 0.7% from 2014 levels. As you know, Snap-on has significant international operations and is subject to foreign currency fluctuations. Largely due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, foreign currency movements adversely impacted our Q4 sales comparisons by 400 basis points. Consolidated gross margin of 48.4% in the quarter improved 40 basis points primarily due to higher organic sales and savings from RCI initiatives, partially offset by 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $250 million yielded an operating expense margin of 29.3% in the quarter, an improvement of 180 basis points from last year, primarily due to organic sales volume leverage and savings from RCI initiatives, as well as lower performance-based and stock-based compensation expenses. No restructuring costs were incurred in the quarter. We incurred $1.1 million of such costs in the fourth quarter of last year. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before financial services of $162.3 million in the quarter, including $9.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased 11.8% as compared to the prior year and as a percentage of sales, improved 220 basis points to 19.1%. Financial services revenues of $63.1 million in the quarter increased 6.2% from 2014 levels and operating earnings of $45 million increased 6.6%. These increases primarily reflect the continued growth of the financial services portfolio. Consolidated operating earnings of $207.3 million in the quarter, including $9.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased 10.6%. And the operating margin of 22.7% improved 230 basis points from 20.4% a year ago. Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate of 31.1% compared to 32.1% last year. Finally, net earnings in the quarter of $131.4 million or $2.22 per diluted share increased $15.2 million or $0.25 per share from 2014 levels representing a 12.7% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now, let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the Commercial & Industrial, or C&I Group, on slide seven, sales of $281.8 million in the quarter decreased 0.6% organically, primarily due to a high single digit decline in sales to customers in critical industries, largely reflecting deep declines in sales to the military and to customers in the oil and gas sector. These organic sales declines were partially offset by a low single digit gain in the segment's European-based hand tools business and a double digit increase in the segment's power tool operation. Gross profit in the C&I Group was $107.6 million in the quarter. The gross margin of 38.2% increased 20 basis points as savings from RCI initiatives and lower restructuring costs were partially offset by a shift in sales that included lower volumes of higher gross margin sales to customers in critical industries, and an increase in lower gross margin sales from the power tool operations. Operating expenses of $65.7 million in the quarter compared to $72.9 million last year. The operating expense margin of 23.3% improved 110 basis points primarily due to a 70-basis point gain from the sale of a former manufacturing facility, as well as benefits from the sales shift already mentioned. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the C&I segment of $41.9 million, including $1.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased 3.5% from 2014 levels, and the operating margin of 14.9% improved 130 basis points. Turning now to slide eight, fourth quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $411.2 million increased 8.7% organically, reflecting continued strength in sales both in the U.S. and internationally. Gross profit of $173.7 million in the quarter increased $7.3 million from 2014 levels. The gross margin of 42.2% decreased 70 basis points primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $101.8 million in the quarter decreased slightly, and the operating expense margin of 24.7% improved 170 basis points principally due to sales volume leverage. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $71.9 million, including $4.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased 12.5%, and the operating margin of 17.5% improved 100 basis points from 16.5% last year. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I Group, shown on slide nine, fourth quarter sales of $280.6 million increased 2.2% organically. The organic sales increase primarily reflects a mid-single digit gain in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers and a low single digit increase in sales to OEM dealerships. Sales of undercar equipment were essentially flat year-over-year with continued weakness in East European markets, including Russia. Gross margin of 46.7% improved 20 basis points from 46.5% last year. Operating expenses totaled $58.9 million in the quarter, and the operating expense margin of 21% improved 240 basis points, primarily due to organic sales volume leverage and savings from RCI initiatives. Fourth quarter operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $72.1 million, including $2.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased 10.6% from prior year levels, and the operating margin of 25.7% improved 260 basis points from 23.1% last year. Now, turning to slide 10, in the fourth quarter, operating earnings from financial services of $45 million on revenue of $63.1 million, compared with operating earnings of $42.2 million on revenue of $59.4 million last year. The average yield on finance receivables of 17.8% compared with 17.6% last year, and the average yield on contract receivables was 9.5% in both periods. Originations of $252 million in the quarter increased 8.5% from 2014 levels. Moving to slide 11, our year-end balance sheet includes approximately $1.6 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.4 billion from our U.S. operation. Approximately 80% of our U.S. financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. In 2015, our worldwide financial services portfolio grew $206 million. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now, turning to slide 12, cash provided by operations of $144.4 million in the quarter increased $47.2 million from comparable 2014 levels, due in part to higher 2015 net earnings and lower growth in working investment as compared to the prior year. Net cash used by investing activities of $74.6 million included $66.8 million to fund the net increase in finance receivables. Capital expenditures of $16.1 million in the quarter compared with $17.3 million last year. For the full year, capital expenditures totaled $80.4 million. Turning to slide 13, days sales outstanding for trade receivables of 60 days compared with 61 days at 2014 year-end. Inventories increased $22.3 million from 2014 year-end levels, primarily to support continued higher customer demand in the auto repair sector and new product introductions, as well as the addition of inventories related to the acquisition of Ecotechnics. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.5 turns compared with 3.7 turns at 2014 year-end. Our year-end cash position of $92.8 million decreased $40.1 million from 2014 year-end levels. The net decrease include the impacts of funding $844.2 million of new finance receivables, dividend payments of $127.9 million, the repurchase of 723,000 shares for $110.4 million, $80.4 million for capital expenditures, and $11.8 million for the acquisition of Ecotechnics. These cash decreases were largely offset by $624.8 million of cash from collections of finance receivables and $496.5 million of cash from operations. Our net debt to capital ratio of 24.6% compared with 26.3% at 2014 year-end. In addition to our $92.8 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, and our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper markets. At 2015 year-end, we had no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. This concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance. Now, briefly review a few outlook items for 2016. We anticipate that capital expenditures in 2016 will be in the range of $80 million to $90 million. We also expect that our full year 2016 effective income tax rate will be comparable to our 2015 full year rate of 31.7%. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Thanks, Aldo. Snap-on's fourth quarter, an encouraging period; taking advantage of tailwinds, overcoming headwinds, growing organically, improving performance significantly, again. There is turbulence, deep decreases in the military and oil and gas and difficulties across the geographies. But there are tailwinds. The aging and changing of vehicles continue, so vehicle repair remains robust. In this environment, we keep driving down our strategic runways for growth, launching innovative new products and advancing our position. And despite the difficulties, we continue moving down our runways for improvement. Snap-on Value Creation, safety and quality. Customer connection and innovation working better and better. We had more new hit products in 2015 than ever before, not just for the Tools Group but for the corporation overall. Runways, growth and improvement, authored 3.1% organic growth in the quarter against the wind. EPS of $2.22, up 12.7% over last year's fourth quarter, against $0.11 of unfavorable currency. And a 19.1% OpCo operating margin, a rise of 220 basis points, all extending our ongoing upward trend that has continued for some time. And we believe that the strength of our business model, the power of our brand and the capabilities of our team position us well to continue that positive trend as we go forward. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll say a word to our franchisees and associates. I know many of you are hearing this call. The encouraging results of our fourth quarter and the year and our potential for continuing the encouraging trends reflect your capability and your dedication. For the success you've achieved, for your contribution to our future and for your commitment to our team, you have my congratulations, you have my admiration and you have my thanks. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We'll go first to Tom Hayes of Northcoast Research.
Thomas Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Hey. Good morning, gentlemen.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Good morning.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Good morning.
Thomas Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Yes. Nick, I was just wondering maybe you could talk a little bit more or provide a little bit more detail on the critical industries side. Certainly, military and oil and gas has been kind of a challenge in the year. Maybe talk about the cadence as it went through that quarter and then the outlook for 2016?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Well, I mean, I think, we're seeing deep declines in both of those places. We're talking multiple double digit declines in the military again and oil and gas in particular. If you're talking about the outlook we've set for some time that military – those two businesses are driving C&I in general. If you look at C&I beyond those businesses, it grew by about just over 5%. So, you see how much they influence the situation. So, you say to yourself, well, what's going to happen with those businesses? And we've said for the military for a long time that it's uncertain. And so you say to yourself, well, that uncertainty is dependent on the government situation and so we're poised to take advantage and it could come back in a short-term or it could continue for a while. In terms of oil and gas, I think we're seeing a historic downturn, 70% decline in the business. I mean, in the oil price just in the last – in a recent time. And we haven't – we saw that at the big recession in 2009. We saw at the Iran-Iraq War. So, it's kind of an unusual situation. When that comes back, I expect oil and gas to come back.
Thomas Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. And maybe just a little bit...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: On the other hand, as we said in our release and our comments, aviation was pretty good for us in the quarter. So, you see some goes-ins and goes-outs, but the dominant factor in those businesses are the oil and gas and the military.
Thomas Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then maybe just a question on the expense line, the operating expense was down meaningfully. How much of the decline was tied to – you called out less stock-based comp, how much of that was contributed to the decline?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I don't know.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Let's say about 20 basis points.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yes, 20 basis points. The big thing, if you're looking at operating expenses, there's quite a few goes-ins and goes-outs, but a lot of that is RCI. But also, if you step back last year in the fourth quarter, we talked about the – there was a 53rd week. But 53rd week, in general, if I looked at it from the trajectory of the corporation, it was kind of not significant. It wasn't significant. It shouldn't change your view of where we're going. But if you start to look at it on account by account, it, of course, becomes an issue associated with the operating expenses, because you have that extra week of operating expenses. You start to look at accounts, you had an extra week of sales, 1.7% extra sales, but last year, so that wouldn't be an issue. But if you step back and look at it, we don't think the 53rd week was significant, in general, or would change your view of the corporation. But if you look at it on account, like operating expense, it really is a factor. And you have currency in operating expense as well. So, you have those things rolling through, RCI, currency and things like the special events of last year.
Thomas Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Up next, from Longbow Research, we go to David MacGregor.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. Good morning, Nick. Good morning, everyone. Nick, can you just talk about demand patterns in January and any deterioration that may be visible beyond critical industries?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: We almost traditionally never talk about the current quarter. We never give guidance. But I will say, look, I will say, that I was just on a van out here in Addison Itaska (37:03), and I have to say that when I talked to the people in the field, both our franchisees and the customers – you get out of a van and you go from – you know this, you go from shop to shops. They all seemed very positive and that might stop with the positiveness and the optimism that I saw at the kickoff meetings. We have a lot of these around the country. And I was at one of them and the rest of our staff was at others and they come back, and certainly, we're seeing a qualitative view of optimism. And so, I can offer that.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Is there – just within that SG&A pullback, notwithstanding it was 70 basis points in the C&I business, I guess, I get that. But how much of that was just attributable to the weaker military and oil and gas business versus what may have been in that number in terms of structural cost takeouts? And I guess, also, can you say to what extent there may have been some cost items that were pushed forward into 1Q or pulled back into last quarter's...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I don't think we did that. I think – look, I think if you look at – if you're talking about – are you talking about the 130 basis points of margin improvement in C&I?
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: I was talking about the $16 million of SG&A drop, which was great. But I'm just trying to get a sense of what the nature of that was.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: That's overall, though. The $16 million is overall.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Right.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Right? That's not just for C&I.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Correct.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: And that didn't have much push or pull. What's in there is, like I said, you had currency, a big number of currency, with the currency year-over-year affects that SG&A and shrinks it. You have RCI. You've got – as somebody mentioned before, you have some goes-ins and goes-outs in terms of pension going the other way, compensation going one way. And you also have the 53rd week last year which was an extra week of operating expenses. Like I said – and so, therefore, the comparison issue isn't favorable, you get paid back at the sales line for that because the sales ends up being a little bit smaller. But if you look at it – I don't want to – I want to focus that, if you look at that one account, you start to see the effect of the 53rd week. If you look at it in total, it wasn't much of an effect for us.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Last question, just if you could talk about the trends you're seeing in tool storage and whether you're seeing a deceleration in demand patterns.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: No. No. Our big ticket items in total, we never talk particularly about tool storage, but our big ticket items in total were up a little bit more than the tools did (39:27) in the quarter. And I don't see that, really. I really don't see it. We haven't identified any particular cooling of that activity. Now, from quarter-to-quarter, these things always change. But I don't see as a downturn. Like I said, our big ticket items continued.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Liam Burke of Wunderlich.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, Nick. Good morning, Aldo.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Hey, Liam.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Good morning.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Nick, can you give us a sense – you had a good year in new product introductions and hit products. What can we look forward? I mean, are you continuing to see growth in that area with more new introductions to create more hit products?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yes, I am. But, look, I hate to pin myself to the rack of continual increases in million-dollar hit products. I'm trying not to do that. But that's our drive. I can tell you this. We're getting better and better at customer connection and innovation. And if you think about it, a complex product line (40:37) 65,000-plus SKUs is asymmetrically (40:40) enabled by new technology like 3D printing and finite element analysis and some of the other things like X-ray diffractometers, which is new to us, and electron microscopes and so on. So, from a design point of view, we're getting better, so we don't have to put as much upfront into every product. And from a calling-the-airstrikes point of view, in other words, reacting to customer connection, we're getting better. And that has authored the continual improvement of our hit products. This year, it was up again. I would be aiming to bring it up next year, but we're not – it's not something we always report about. But I think every year, our new products become more impactful and more effective. I mean, just look at the VERUS Edge. The VERUS Edge is simply the best product available in diagnostics. And diagnostics is a rising category. It's faster, smarter, easier to use, and it gives you handheld access to our unique millions of records in – database of millions of records that allows technicians to shortcut the repair process. This is revolutionary, and that's just one thing. We pointed out the prybar today in our – now, we use the prybar for a reason. The prybar is just – it's a prybar, yet customer connection and innovation showed us how to make that long-standing category so much better. That's what's happening in Snap-on. That's what's driving the business for us. And it works in the Tools Group. And we're confident it's going to work for critical industries, although there's turbulence as you can see in critical industries with oil and gas. I mean, oil and gas, I think, we – oil and gas, and military, we never – we always said that our penetration was low and we wouldn't see an impact, but we didn't contemplate going from $115 oil to $30 oil, which is cataclysmic.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Okay. And with the end markets in the automotive repair continuing to grow, are you seeing any change in the competitive front?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I don't think so. I listen to the same publicity that you would listen to. And so people are – I think it's a robust market, so there's room for everybody to have some kind of good news in this market. But, when I go out – and I checked this the other day with our people, when I go out to the franchisees around the vans, they don't talk about the competitors. They talk about our business and how we can make it better. So I don't think we're seeing any kind of change at present. I rode on a van where the guy talks about the numbers of competitors that left his route, in other words, gave up the business and went out. He keeps track of it, but that's all. I mean, he doesn't worry about the competition. He worries about himself. He worries about, well, okay our – things like, questions like, our power tool is actually a lot better than our old power tool, the one I replaced. Or maybe it isn't as good. We need to make it a little bit better. Those are the kinds of things we talk about. Or how much our productivity advancements like providing – for the vans, providing a mobile tablet for van drivers, a couple of mobile tablets for a van. 570 of our van drivers have assistance and the mobile tablet allows them to spread both the principal and the assistant out into different areas, greatly increasing their reach. They talk about that and the efficacy of that. They don't talk about the competitors.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Nick.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: From Barrington Research, we'll go to Gary Prestopino.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Hi, Gary.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Couple of questions here. I know somebody asked this about million-dollar products, but, Nick, could you maybe quantify what was the growth in million-plus products that you put out this year versus last year?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I'm not going to actually quantify. I've tried to avoid quantifying that, and I'm not going to change that in this call. But I would say it was up this year by a reasonable margin. In fact, you might even call it a substantial margin in terms of what was launched. So we had a pretty good year in terms of new products. And remember, what I have said is that the number is now five times or six times what it was in 2006. That's a pretty...
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: ...good number.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Pretty good increase.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: That's helpful. And you would anticipate that, obviously, you're going to continue to try and strive to put out more new products, especially --
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure. The whole point is yes. I'm probably not going to slit my wrists if it doesn't increase as much next year, you know what I mean? But certainly, we do target that and that's part of our plan. We would expect that to happen. We put the capabilities and the elements in place to make that happen. And we're getting – it's simply, Gary, we're getting better at it. We're getting better at it. You can see it in the Tools Group numbers.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Right.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: You know, okay, 8.7% against 1% or 2% GDPs.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Right. Can you maybe – we've – at least we think that you've had a recovery here for -- we're going into year seven, especially in the U.S. and the automotive market. Is there anything different that you're experiencing in this recovery versus maybe prior recoveries in your experience with Snap-on?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Actually, no. I don't think so. Actually, the recovery has been going on since 2009 and so I don't think so. I do think automotive repair, which is 70% of our business – 70%-plus of our business -- is relatively robust determined by the aging of the vehicles and the changing of the vehicles which isn't interrupted so much by economics. And so, I think automotive repair is in a good place and makes us resistant to these – not immune to these kinds of changes, but resistant. I don't see any change there. Look, I think, if you look at other geographies and industries, they go up and down like you see in oil and gas and in military, like in anybody else, but I don't see anything different about those that I haven't seen in a number of different ups and downs except that maybe the oil and gas (47:37).
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Hello? Oh, Jesus.
Operator: Please stand by, while we reconnect with our speakers. One moment. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, please stay on the line. [Music] (48:27 – 48:37) Please stand by, as the speakers are joining. Give us just one moment. And you have rejoined. Please continue.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Hello, Gary, are you still there?
Operator: Yes, Gary, your line is open.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yes. Sorry. What did you hear last? Sorry. We got cut off here, I guess.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: No. That was fine. I think we were talking about just maybe differences in the recovery, what you're seeing.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yes. I don't think that much. I mean this is just – I mean certainly oil and gas is a bigger downturn than anybody's seen in a while. It's unusual, right? But other than that, I don't think so. This isn't our first rodeo. So, we've seen it. And automotive repair seems to be chunking along, I think.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then one last...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Doing pretty well. Sure.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: That's good to hear. One last question for Aldo; in terms of your international sales, they run, what, about 25% of your business, right, somewhere around there?
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Yes. That's a – I think you have Europe is about 18% of the mix and emerging markets add another 10%.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: That's what I'm getting at. In terms of currencies, the currencies that really impact you would probably be the pound, the euro and then what else?
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: You have it pretty much right. If you're looking at the sales line, Gary, the most important currency that creates a headwind is the euro. In addition to the euro, you have the Canadian dollar. Lot of people forget about that, but the Canadian dollar, the British pound would be the next most significant ones. When it comes to the bottom line, we have more natural hedges throughout the continent of Europe. So, the euro actually has less of an impact on the bottom line. The biggest impact to our profitability is actually the Canadian dollar, the British pound.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. So, the Canadian dollar and the pound are on (50:37)
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Gee, that's why you see most of the impact manifesting itself in the Tools Group. If you think about the Tools Group is largely a sales footprint. So, they don't have a lot of cost that enjoy the benefit of the haircut in the weaker currencies in the United Kingdom and in Canada or Australia for that matter. So they don't enjoy the protection that you get where you have a euro-based organization. There's a lot more cost that decrease in U.S. dollar terms.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yes. The Tools Group was up 17.5% – was up 100 basis points. But that was against 70 basis points of negative currency. So, you can see where that affects, okay?
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to David Leiker, Robert W. Baird.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning. This is Joe Vruwink in for David.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, Joe.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): The one slice of C&I that I don't believe you commented on yet was Asia. Any updates on growth rates or trends from the Asia Pacific region?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: It was mixed in the quarter. China was weaker than we've seen in a while. And so, we had China being weak and we had some – whereas Indonesia had been weak before. Indonesia was up, India was up, so we kind of had a balance there in terms of our mix in Asia Pacific, China being more difficult in this quarter. We see a lot of variation from quarter-to-quarter in Asia Pacific.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And in China, is it possible to determine – this will sound strange, but if a slowdown in new vehicle demand, which may actually cause the fleet to age a bit ultimately ends up being more beneficial to Snap-on?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I don't know. I don't think so. I mean, I kind of think the cars that are there in the park, they're going to age anyway. I don't think that the cars or the new cars that are being purchased are making the old cars go away. That's what I think. I don't think they're shipping those overseas to any big extent. Now, I could be wrong about that, but that's our general impression about China, it's a lot of different markets and a lot of different areas. I think the slowdown would probably help some, but I don't think it would be as big a factor as you might think. It's usually the size of the park.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And then one last one on C&I. Is there any correlation in the military business for Snap-on to the wheeled vehicle programs getting rolled out? So if JLTV production starts ramping at Oshkosh, does Snap-on typically see a benefit in their defense business?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Well, I don't know if we've tied to particularly Oshkosh or something like that, but certainly, wheeling out of new programs help us a lot. For example, the F-35 is a help to us, the fighter vehicle, the fighter, because we have a lot of the business associated with supporting that for both production and for repair. So that kind of program is an underlying program. But across the programs in the defense department, particularly around the projects, around with those new products, that business is very weak – was very weak this quarter. If they launch new products, like you say, a wheeled vehicle product at Oshkosh, that provides an opportunity and we're well-positioned to take advantage of that. So those kinds of programs, new vehicles do help us. But I don't know...
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And so...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I don't know if you can just trace it to an Oshkosh program.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): No, no. I was thinking more broadly on the programs that you commented on. And so, is it, maybe, fair to say the duration of this pullback in military spending might be shorter than what's Snap-on dealt with in 2012, 2013, around the sequester?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yes. Gee. I don't know. I think the government business is kind of uncertain. We've said, the military business was up in the quarter – up in the first two quarters. And we said we knew it was going to be uncertain. And now when it's down, I still say the same thing. Certainly, the things you're talking about. New programs are going to help and would shorten the cycle. That's true. Stabilization of the budget would help. It may be not as chronic as the controller of the prior cycle, but I can't really say for sure.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. I will leave it there. Thank you.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: From Jefferies, we'll hear from Bret Jordan.
David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. This is actually David Kelley in for Bret this morning. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple of quick follow-ups on RS&I here. And I guess first regarding the flat undercar sales you mentioned. I know U.S. service chain reported a fourth quarter comp decline and largely due to some mild winter weather conditions along the East Coast. Just wondering if you saw some weather-related headwinds in the quarter and I guess how was domestic undercar performance? And how do we think about that segment going forward given the robust auto repair market we're talking about and really some of the significant miles driven gains we've seen over the last three months...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yes. Look, there's a lot of goes-ins and goes-outs in the undercar equipment business. First and foremost, that flatness is impacted by Eastern Europe. Among all our businesses, the undercar equipment business had the strongest position in Eastern Europe and Russia. So, the dips in those places impacted that business as just squeezed down to a smaller place the most. That's number one. In terms of the other businesses, of course, weather can be a factor in undercar, and that might have been – say, it might be entitled to some of that in the fourth quarter and some of that bad weather. And then the other thing is, it was up quite – our undercar business is a longer wave business. It isn't just a quarter business. When we have a good quarter like we had in the third quarter, sometimes you'll have resources devoted to installation of those new products, flowing into the next quarter which will put a weight on the next quarter. So, you see those three things rolling through it. I would expect – to your question about the longer-term, I expect that undercar repair will follow along with the generally robust vehicle repair market in the U.S. and in Europe as the cars get older. And by the way, as the cars get lighter and need more fuel economy, the precision of balancing and alignment needs to be stronger. So, we're very positive about the long-term future of that business, and we have a major share of it.
David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC: All right, great. I appreciate the color. And then, just quickly, if you can provide some, maybe, color around the 260 basis points margin expansion for RS&I; just wondering how much of that is basic blocking and tackling around these RCI initiatives that continue to provide you, guys, tailwinds here?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Well, RCI is a big dollop of it. And then, of the 260 basis points, I would say, you've got a little bit of negative currency, and you got about 70 basis points or so, what I would call favorable mix. As you follow us over time, you will see that RS&I has quite a variation from business to business in terms of operating margin. It could be thousands of basis points. And so, what happened in this quarter is we had another strong quarter of diagnostics and Mitchell, the business to independents which are high margin business, and a reduction of the hardware business which is equipment. So, that generated that 70 basis points, or so, of help from business mix. So, that's what you're seeing. RCI and business mix.
David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC: All right, great. Thank you. And then, just a final one from me and this is more kind of a big picture thought question here. You're mentioning sales to OEM dealerships were up again single digits. And I guess as we think about maybe being on the back end of a cyclical recovery in new vehicle sales, do you think there might be a shift in dealership ordering patterns of equipment, either they're focusing more on parts than service retention or maybe they're spending less due to a flat retail sales market? How do you think about the dealership channel over the next...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I'm not sure. Having worked in the auto industry for 11 years myself, I would say that's a hard call. I mean, I don't think you can make a lot out of this. I guess, we were saying mid-single digits or low single digits in the OEM dealership business this quarter. But I don't think you can make a conclusion on one quarter. Some of that got driven by programs out of OEM manufacturers, the essential diagnostics and so on. I do think you make a point that as new car sales attenuate, dealerships tend to focus a little bit more on parts and service. I think that is true to the extent that the time constants on which that rolls into our business, I'm not sure.
David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC: All right, great. Thanks for taking my question.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: David MacGregor of Longbow Research has a follow-up question. Please go ahead.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. Just a follow-up, Nick; somewhere within your portfolio, there's got to be a line of business or a product or some franchise that serves as a pretty reliable leading indicator for you. And I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit about where you're seeing leading indicators in your business and basically what they're telling you. There's obviously some concerns here about your ability to sustain growth in 2016. I just wanted to give you an opportunity to talk a little bit about why you're feeling confident to – certainly in the first half of 2016?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Well, our leading indicators are pretty much what we hear from our franchisees and what we see about the programs in terms of the changing of the vehicles and what we hear from our franchisees about their outlooks for the demand in their businesses. You can go out and talk to them, and the leading indicators are, gee, are we providing the kinds of tools that would solve the new problems that are coming on the horizons in the independent garages? Now, this isn't a quantitative leading indicator, but it's been pretty reliable for us. And so what we see is the optimism coming out from them saying, boy, I think things are good and the fact that we our new product portfolios, our innovative new products are solving more problems than ever. Those are the kinds of things and that hasn't abated. So, I feel pretty good about that business. And in terms of the other businesses, I just think we also feel good about our growing strength in the critical industries. It's just that you see some very big headwinds in some of those critical industries. And I can't predict where those are going to go.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Can you just remind us again what...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: On the other hand, I will just offer that, we've seen up and down before and we've been able to grow profitability against the winds; not every quarter necessarily but in terms of a trend. We view our situation as a trend. If you go back and you look at our numbers from 2006 onwards, sales and profits, the trend continued and even through the recession, and the dip in the recession, that trend continued.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: So, you continue to see growth in your future-dated orders?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: We don't have future-dated orders, really. We're not a future-dated order business. So, we don't have much of an order backlog.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yes.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: We don't have that kind of thing. We have to rely on the kinds of things I've talked about.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: All right. Okay. And just last question. Can you just remind us what critical industries represents as a percentage of total C&I?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: It represents about I'd say 40%. David, you can say given for government worth, it's $450 million business roughly, right?
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Right, right.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Okay.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Thanks, Nick.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And our final question today will come from Richard Hilgert of Morningstar.
Richard Hilgert - Morningstar Research: Congratulations on a great quarter, guys.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Thanks, Richard.
Richard Hilgert - Morningstar Research: Just wanted to get your feel for what you're seeing in terms of puts and takes with some of the issues that we're facing right now on the new car side of the business. We're seeing diesel being a big issue right now. We're seeing hybrids being a big issue. We're seeing active safety coming into play over the next couple of years. I would imagine that with more and more electronic control, there's going to be more opportunities for diagnostics, maybe, but also I'm wondering on the Tools side, if there's any opportunities there. What's some of the puts and takes that you're seeing with all these changes coming down the pike?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Actually, Richard, all of those things are positive for our business. When the vehicles change, that requires new tool loads, new electronics, new undercar equipment to deal with the changes. If you just take one and if you think about self-driving vehicles and things like that, I mean, the more people rely on internal mechanisms inside the car, the more precise calibration has to be, and therefore, the more careful and more detailed the mechanical job is, the mechanics have to be. And so if it gets more electronic, there's opportunities for diagnostics. If it gets more attended to onboard computers to control the car, more equipment and more diagnostics. And, ironically, during the time in which the cars have electrified, it's gone from – in the 1990s, it went from 50, 60 engine codes for a car to now thousands of engine codes. In that time, demand for hand tools has only increased because the reparability of the car is so far down in terms of the design considerations that the cars have become more and more difficult to physically repair, let alone diagnose associated with electronics. So, all of those things are good for us. We see a very positive future and trend, and we're confident. That continues the trend that you see in our numbers. If you look at our numbers and you see over periods of time, sales and OI margin, continual trends in good times and challenged times.
Richard Hilgert - Morningstar Research: Great. Thank you very much.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Leslie Kratcoski for closing remarks.
Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-on, Inc.: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. A replay of today's call will be available shortly on snapon.com. And as always, we thank you for your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you all for joining.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-on, Inc. Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc. Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.
Analysts: Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Tom L. Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2015 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-on, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's third quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Finance Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website under Investor Information. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Thanks, Leslie. Morning, everybody. As usual, I'll start with the third quarter highlights, provide an update on the environment and speak a bit about our trends. Aldo will then provide a detailed review of the financials. In the third quarter, we again showed progress along our runways for growth and for improvement, and we saw those gains across our operating segments. Organic sales were up 7.3% from last year. Opco operating margin, it reached 17.5%, up 130 basis points. When you add the $43.5 million in operating earnings from Financial Services, up from $37.7 million in 2014, the consolidated operating margin was 21.2%, an increase of 160 basis points. And EPS, EPS was $1.98, up $0.22 or 12.5% from the $1.76 of last year. Our reported sales increase was 1.9% including the impact of unfavorable foreign currency. And in this quarter, that total was $42.6 million, about the same as the second quarter. Adding the incremental $2.1 million sales from our third quarter acquisition of Ecotechnics, the total reported sales for the period were $821.5 million. For automotive repair businesses, the environment continues to be favorable. Actually, it's been that way for a while. And our Tools Group and Repair Systems & Information, our RS&I Group, are both well positioned to take full advantage. You can see it in the performance, another quarter of solid gains for both groups, advancing along our runways for growth. Clearly, the Tools Group demonstrated enhancements to the franchise network, gains in all its markets, continuing to take advantage of the opportunities that are so abundant in a changing vehicle fleet, not only in the United States, but in places like the UK and Australia. And RS&I, with strong sales across North America and parts of Europe, double-digit growth in the U.S. and modest gains in Western Europe, offsetting the continuing softness in Eastern Europe and particularly in Russia. RS&I progress achieved with independent repair shop owners and managers, and with OEM dealerships, advanced by our latest diagnostics and undercar product offerings. For the Commercial & Industrial, our C&I Group, we overcame some increased headwinds with the overall organic sales rise offsetting mixed environments across industries and across geographies. That said, in the third quarter, our European based hand tool businesses and our Asia Pacific operations recorded high-single-digit gains overcoming the turbulence within their particular markets. Now our Industrial division did have some headwinds in the period, impacted by weak U.S. military volume and slowdowns in our oil and gas activity. We've consistently mentioned the uncertainty associated with the military. In the third quarter, that caution materialized and our results included a double-digit decrease. Measured spending and budget constraints making the present tight and the future even more difficult to predict. Within our Natural Resources segment, volume in oil and gas was down substantially. You see it in oil prices, and you read about it in the newspapers. And despite our small share and opportunities for penetration, we were impacted. But that said, saying that, there will always be headwinds. They've been a factor in other quarters and they were present in the third quarter and we overcame, because we're well positioned to confront the challenges and proceed down all our runways for growth, enhancing the franchise network, expanding the repair shop owners and managers, extending the critical industries and building in emerging markets. These do represent the avenues for advancement and there has been consistent progress along each of those paths. At the same time, those growth drivers are joined and supported by the benefits of Snap-On value creation, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement, or RCI, these are the processes, the tools we use each and every day to drive improvements, but this quarter we especially benefited from customer connection and innovation. Customer connection: Snap-on's continuing pursuit of understanding of work derived from the hours and the days we spend with professionals. Innovation: taking that practical insight and matching it with the possibilities of modern technologies. And in the quarter, those processes resulted in more prestigious product awards for the corporation. We were again honored with two MOTOR Magazine Top 20 Tool Awards. The winners this time are 3/8-inch Drive Steering Rack Sockets and our SOLUS Edge diagnostic handheld. Let's talk about the steering rack socket. The S6229 was developed from a customer connection derived from direct observation of work and from conversations with multiple technicians. This innovative tool allows the tech to replace power steering O-rings without removing the whole steering assembly, saving up to an hour of labor, clearly making work easier and professional repair more productive. In addition, also created out of deep insight in the repair process, the innovative SOLUS Edge coverage for hundreds of vehicle systems, including hybrid, TPMS, steering and clean diesel, and it all comes loaded with our Fast-Track Troubleshooter database with its vehicle specific tips, tests and time savers. The SOLUS Edge is enhanced coverage for over 40 car makes without the cost or complexity of factory scan tools. And for all its power, for all its strength, it's easy to use. The large 8-inch touch-screen display is an aid to visibility and the software provides accurate results in as little as 30 seconds, quick. I mention these awards because they're just the most recent recognitions of a growing list of very popular products that provide unique advantages, created by the observations of our franchisees and direct salespeople who are committed to translating that insight into productivity innovations, and that broad value creation is reflected in the positive results registered across all our operating groups again this quarter. Now let's focus on those individual groups. Starting with Commercial & Industrial, organic sales were up 3.4%, operating margins reached 14.3%, up 60 basis points from last year's 13.7%, growth along with the benefits of Snap-on value creation. Now I said, as we said, there are headwinds, but our Industrial direct salesmen have been expanding their reach nevertheless into sectors like railroads, up double-digits, growing our presence, offering a wider variety of tools and tool control solutions. We've spoken in the past about building our understanding of work in critical industries, expanding our customer connections. Well, one way that's happening is by using our experience in RCI, participating in customer Lean events, participating in the customer sponsored Lean events, our team was able to assist in improving railroad operations, while at the same time gaining a better understanding of their work processes, their product requirements, their business needs and their overall industry direction, all key customer connections gained through Lean event participation. One of the tools conceived from those insights was our special extendable line of tube wrenches, great for heavy-duty work on railroad cars and tracks. Made in our Elizabethton, Tennessee plant, these tube wrenches replace the traditional slugging wrenches in railroad applications, allowing the operator better access, eliminating the need for costly two-person slugging procedures and making work easier, safer and more productive. Let's speak about SNA Europe. Now, eight quarters in a row of year-over-year growth, navigating through some of the most difficult geographies and tepid economies. SNA Europe activities continues to be encouraged – activity continues to be encouraging, but its profits are even more positive, now up significantly for 10 straight quarters. And we believe there's much more room for further gains. And related to our Asia Pacific operations, the environments are mixed, but we had overall gains with upward movement in places like Thailand and Indonesia and Vietnam. Actually it's nice to see progress in Vietnam, that emerging Southeast Asia nation. So that provides a bit of color on C&I. Now, on to the Tools Group. Organic sales up 11%, 11%, significant growth in the U.S. and internationally. Operating income $56.3 million compared to $49.5 million in 2014. Operating income margins of 14.8% rose 90 basis points from last year's 13.9%. The additional volume as well as operating improvements from RCI translated into significant margin improvement, and that 90 basis point gain overcame 120 basis points of negative currency. When you consider the Tools Group's success, you see the power of Snap-on value creation, and the benefits of our award-winning innovative new products. Besides the MOTOR Top 20 award, the Tools Group also received recognition from the readers of Professional Tool & Equipment News, gaining five People's Choice selections for new tool innovation products, once again born at the intersection between customer connection insight and advanced technology wielded by our innovation teams, products like the KRL, 72-inch Roll Cab with its Power Tool Organizer System, the powerful and light CT8850, 18-volt cordless impact wrench, our new brake caliper press, our new advanced battery system tester with its print capability, and our new EET2 full view welding helmet, all selected by the readers of PTEN Magazine and by our technician customers as great new products, products that make work easier and products that provide further evidence of Snap-on innovation. You might remember that the third quarter is also when we hold the annual Snap-on Franchisees Conference, our SFC. This year it was in Washington, D.C., with more than 8,000 attendees, franchise and family members from over 3,000 routes, three days of showcasing the opportunities to enhance the franchise channel, to amplify the power of our van space and of our franchisees' time. And based on the optimism and the confidence of our franchisees, it was a strong success. And by the way, orders were up once again, beating the record level achieved in 2014. When we speak of the van channel, we also have to consider the very strategic contributions of Snap-on Credit. Our Financial Services arm helps create opportunities across our organization, but especially within the Tools Group and Credit had a strong presence at the SFC. Supporting franchisees with unique programs, enabling sales of those big ticket items, which are so essential to franchisee success. And in the third quarter, Financial Services OI was up $5.8 million or 15.4%, another period of powerful contribution to the organization. Let's move to RS&I. Organic sales were up 8.2%. The operating margin of 24.6%, it increased 130 basis points from 23.3% just last year. RS&I was charged with expanding our presence to repair shop owners and managers and in the quarter, it did just that. We once again had growth in our businesses providing repair, information and diagnostics to independents. In fact, we appear to be gaining traction across many dimensions in automotive, in medium and in heavy duty garages, serving both OEM dealerships as well as those independent shops, all fueled by our expanding product offering. And one of those great RS&I product came from our diagnostics division, demonstrating its continuing innovation. Our diagnostics team launched its new VERUS Edge handheld, an enhanced top-of-the-line offering. Thinner, lighter, including important features like five-second ready-to-use capability, five-hour battery life, a solid state hard drive for increased durability and, of course, access to our unique integrated SureTrack real-world fixes based on masses of actual repair data, all features guided by effective customer connection input. In the VERUS Edge, we believe we have in it a winner, advancing the state-of-the-art and addressing the most serious of repair challenges, and initial sales of breaking the records and exceeding our expectations. Also in the third quarter and with the focus on heavy duty shops, RS&I introduced the latest generation of its proprietary vehicle interface, the Nexiq USB-Link 2, now with Wi-Fi connectivity. It extends our leading position by adding wireless capabilities to the already successful family of Nexiq heavy duty diagnostics product. The USB-Link 2 is compatible with heavy duty diagnostic applications for engines, transmission, ABS and instrument clusters and much more. It supports virtually every standardized vehicle network protocol and nearly every software application in vehicle sectors like construction, agriculture, and of course heavy duty truck. Five times the speed of its predecessors with 16 times the memory, the USB-Link 2 is perfect for dealership, fleets, and truck shops. It speeds the repair times of these particularly mission critical vehicles and it improves technician productivity. It's a great upgrade to an already successful product of our RS&I group. Also in the third quarter, our equipment division registered high single-digit growth with strong volume in North America, helping to offset the Russian market, which is our primary headwind in Eastern Europe. Overall, undercar gains in the U.S. were quite solid with especially impressive increase – sales increases at our Challenger Lifts division. Challenger has been a great addition to our Snap-on team and it improved again this quarter and we believe there is much more to come, helping RS&I to expand with repair shop owners and managers. RS&I, great new product, with demonstrated growth in diagnostics, heavy duty and undercar equipment, and all of that played out in the third quarter results. Well, that's the highlights of our quarter. Organic sales up 7.3%, gains across all groups, clear progress along our runways for growth. Snap-on Value Creation at the forefront of our activities, customer connection leading to innovation, creating powerful new products, RCI driving improvement and it all shows in the results, OI margin to 17.5%, up 130 basis points. It was an encouraging quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Thanks, Nick. Our third quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on slide six. Net sales of $821.5 million in the quarter were up 7.3% organically. On a reported basis, net sales including $42.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency, increased to 1.9%. As you know, Snap-on has significant international operations and is subject to foreign currency fluctuations. Largely due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, foreign currency movements adversely impacted our Q3 sales comparisons by 570 basis points. Net sales in the third quarter also included $2.1 million of sales from our July 2015 acquisition of Ecotechnics, a designer and manufacturer of automatic vehicle air conditioning maintenance equipment for OEM dealerships and independent repair shops. Consolidated gross profit of $406.9 million increased $13 million from 2014 levels, primarily due to the higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives, partially offset by 30 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. The gross margin of 49.5% in the quarter improved 60 basis points from 48.9% a year ago. Operating expenses were $263.3 million in both the third quarters of 2015 and 2014. The operating expense margin of 32% improved 70 basis points from 2014 levels, primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage, partially offset by higher pension expense. No restructuring costs were included in operating earnings in the third quarter of 2015. Last year, we incurred $2 million of such costs. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before Financial Services of $143.6 million in the quarter, including $11.9 million or 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased 10% and, as a percentage of sales, improved 130 basis points to 17.5%. Financial Services revenue of $61.1 million in the quarter increased 14% from 2014 levels and operating earnings of $43.5 million increased 15.4%. These increases primarily reflect the continued growth of the Financial Services portfolio. Consolidated operating earnings of $187.1 million in the quarter, including $12.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased 11.2%, and the operating margin of 21.2% improved 160 basis points from 19.6% a year ago. Our third quarter effective income tax rate of 31.6% compared with 31.8% last year. Finally, net earnings of $116.8 million or $1.98 per diluted share, increased to $13.1 million or $0.22 per share, representing a 12.5% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the Commercial & Industrial, or C&I Group on slide 7, sales of $288.5 million in the quarter were up 3.4% organically, driven primarily by high single-digit gains in both the segment's European-based hand tools business, and Asia-Pacific operations, and a double-digit increase in the segment's power tools operations. These sales increases were partially offset by a mid single-digit decline in sales to customers in critical industries, primarily reflecting lower sales to the military and to customers in the oil and gas sector. Gross profit in the C&I Group of $109.5 million in the quarter decreased $2.3 million from 2014 levels, while the gross margin of 37.9% improved 50 basis points, principally due to savings from RCI initiatives and lower restructuring costs. Operating expenses of $68.2 million in the quarter decreased $2.8 million from 2014 levels, and the operating expense margin of 23.6% improved 10 basis points from 23.7% last year. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the C&I segment of $41.3 million, including $2.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased $0.5 million from 2014 levels, and the operating margin of 14.3% improved 60 basis points. Turning now to slide 8. Third quarter sales on the Snap-on Tools Group of $380.6 million increased 11% organically, reflecting continued double-digit gains in both the company's U.S. and international franchise operations. Gross profit of $166.5 million in the quarter increased $11.7 million from 2014 levels and the gross margin of 43.8% improved 20 basis points. Benefits from the higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives were largely offset by 110 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $110.2 million in the quarter increased $4.9 million from 2014 levels, and the operating expense margin of 29% improved 70 basis points, principally due to sales volume leverage. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $56.3 million increased $6.8 million, and the operating margin of 14.8% improved 90 basis points including $6.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I Group shown on slide 9. Sales of $282.9 million in the quarter increased 8.2% organically. The organic sales increase primarily reflects a double-digit gain in sales to OEM dealerships, a high single-digit increase in sales of undercar equipment, and a mid single-digit gain in sales of diagnostics and repair information products through independent repair shop owners and managers. Gross profit of $130.9 million increased $3.6 million over 2014 levels. Gross margin of 46.3% in the quarter decreased 60 basis points from 46.9% last year, primarily due to a shift in sales that included higher volumes of lower gross margin products, including increased essential tool and micellization sales to OEM dealerships, partially offset by lower restructuring cost. Operating expenses of $61.2 million in the quarter decreased $2.8 million from 2014 levels. The operating expense margin of 21.7% improved 190 basis points, mostly due to sales volume leverage including benefits from the sales shift noted above. Third quarter operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $69.7 million, including $2.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased $6.4 million from prior year levels, and the operating margin of 24.6% improved 130 basis points. Now turning to slide 10. In the third quarter, operating earnings from Financial Services of $43.5 million on revenue of $61.1 million compared with operating earnings of $37.7 million on revenue of $53.6 million last year. The average yield on finance receivables of 17.9% in the quarter compared with 17.6% last year, and the average yield on contract receivables was 9.5% in both years. Originations of $257.6 million increased 16.2% from 2014 levels. Moving to slide 11, as of quarter end, our balance sheet includes $1.53 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.33 billion from our U.S. Snap-on credit operation. Approximately 80% of our U.S. financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. During the quarter, our worldwide finance portfolio grew approximately $62 million. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now, turning to slide 12. Cash provided by operations of $113.7 million in the quarter increased $25.7 million from comparable 2014 levels, primarily reflecting higher net earnings in 2015 and net changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash used by investing activities of $86.9 million included $55.9 million to fund a net increase in finance receivables. Third quarter capital expenditures of $18.5 million in 2015 compared to $22.3 million last year. Cash used in investing activities in the quarter also included $13.1 million for the acquisition of Ecotechnics. Turning to slide 13, days sales outstanding for trade receivables was 61 days at both quarter end and 2014 year end. Inventories increased $52.2 million from 2014 year end levels, primarily to support continued higher customer demand and new product introductions as well as inventories related to the Ecotechnics acquisition. On a trailing 12 month basis, inventory turns of $3.4 million compared with 3.6 turns a year ago. Our quarter end cash position of $119.2 million decreased $13.7 million from 2014 year end levels. The net decrease includes the impact of funding, $629.2 million of new finance receivables, the repurchase of 670,000 shares for $101.6 million, dividend payments of $92.5 million, and capital expenditures of $64.3 million. These cash decreases were largely offset by $476.6 million of cash from collections of finance receivables, $352.1 million of cash from operations, net of $30 million of discretionary cash contribution to the company's domestic pension plans, and $39.7 million of cash proceeds from stock purchase and option plan exercises. Our net debt to capital ratio of 25.7% compared with 26.3% at 2014 year end. In addition to our $119.2 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, and our current short-term credit ratings allow us access to the commercial paper markets. At quarter end, we had $45.2 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. This concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for the balance of 2015. We anticipate that capital expenditures in 2015 will be in the range of $80 million to $85 million, of which $64.3 million was incurred through the end of the third quarter. We continue to expect our 2015 full year effective income tax rate will be at or below our 2014 full year rate of 32.1%. Now, I'll turn the call over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Thanks, Aldo. Snap-on third quarter, sales up organically 7.3% against some significant headwinds. Of course as we say often, there will always be headwinds, always be challenges. But in the midst of that, we believe our runways for growth are wide with abundant opportunities and you can see it in the operating groups. C&I in the center of the turbulence, sales up 3.4%, profits up 60 basis points. RS&I, wielding software and hardware with repair shop owner and managers activity rising 8.2% and OI margin of 24.6%, up 130 basis points. Tools, an established and storied business, reaching higher, capturing more customers. Sales up 11% and a greater than 6% increase in 21 of the last 22 quarters. OI margin up 90 basis points despite 120 basis points of unfavorable currency. And beside that growth, we see the effects of Snap-on value creation paving our runways for improving, helping to drive our opco margin to 17.5%, up 130 basis points including 50 basis points of currency headwinds. And rolling all together with financial services, our EPS was $1.98, up 12.5%. We believe that the third quarter results extending our positive trends continuing confirmation of the Snap-on possibilities for both growth and for improvement. And we believe as demonstrated this past quarter, we can continue on those positive runways as we proceed forward. Now before I turn the call over to the operator for questions, I think it's appropriate to speak to our franchisees and associates. I know many of you are listening in again. The encouraging results of the third quarter and our positive trends are a direct reflection of your capability and your effort. For the gains you've achieved, you have my congratulations. And for your commitment and your extraordinary contribution to our team, you have my thanks. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Good morning.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Good morning.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: A question on RS&I, you mentioned specific strength in undercar and service chain reported this morning, it had an 11% comp in alignment. Is there something structurally going on in that space driving growth or is yours tied to new product introduction? This row (00:32:51) deterioration is a secular shift or...?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I think structurally – not something happened and I don't think this particular quarter. But I think structurally the whole automotive repair business is – got a nice tailwind in terms of changes in vehicles. And in fact as you have more vehicles that want to do more things automatically, self-driving and so on. The precision of calibration becomes more and more important and therefore the more accuracy and speed – more accuracy – things like alignment become more important and therefore the speed of that alignment becomes important, therefore the need for new products. And so, I think it's nice times for automotive repair in general and in particular for undercar equipment. And I think...
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: And I guess...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: ...ours being pushed by both at tailwind and some nice new product, that's in place as well.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And I guess, on that speed of change in technology – is sort of the next question, the software upgrade cycle as you were looking in the handheld units and replacing software, is that accelerating at all, or is the new code basically at the same cadence?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I think it's expanding. I think we're finding – I don't know, if we're introducing any faster necessarily upgrades, but I think the upgrades are more attractive. You hear me talk about SureTrack and if I had a little more time to talk about VERUS Edge, I would talk about the fact that it has technical service bulletins involved. And so, those products are more attractive and they're more liberating and they're more productivity advancing to customers and so that's driving part of that. You can see it. You can see – and I'm sure, you've looked at the trends, and you can see that, I think the numbers are something like somewhere under 50% of cars – we today require in all garages require diagnostics repairs and all garages require diagnostics units, but something like 7 of 10 repairs in new cars require diagnostics units. So you see a demand for that. And our software is the best available. One of the things you see in our – one of the things we're really excited about in our business when we did independent surveys of technician preferences, 63% said they preferred Snap-on diagnostics. Number two was 7%.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Does it help?
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. And one question I guess specifically to C&I on the U.S. military, you talked about it being particularly weak. When they are weak, are they buying less premium product or not buying at all? I mean, are they going to Harbor Freight for what they would have purchased for you or did they just step out?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: No. No. I don't think they are buying that stuff. I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure that they are not buying the stuff, because you know when the .50 caliber bullets are flying over head I think this is the ultimate critical application and I don't think anybody wants anybody being disadvantaged under those circumstances. So what really has happened by and large is the fact that there's uncertainty in where to deploy budget around. We've seen it before. Actually C&I, if you go back and look at the late – in late 2013, the critical industries, the critical industries again was bedeviled by a reduction associated with the military and that was directly associated with the word as sequestration. And so, you're starting to see those kinds of things now. In Washington people are talking about government shutdowns and so on and it's making the military nervous and they are spending less. We feel we're pretty well positioned though to take full advantage when they are ready to spend.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. So it's not trading down. It's just not spending.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: No. No. Not any significant way.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liam Burke with Wunderlich. Your line is now open.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, Nick. Good morning, Aldo.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Good morning, Liam. How are you?
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Good. Thank you. Nick, you talked about railroad as being an interesting growth segment in C&I. Are there any other areas that saw particular strength during the quarter in the C&I?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yeah. Look, we were – amazingly, we're up pretty well in mining. Like I said, we're still starting to penetrate these things. So you can't – we're finding that we're effective sometimes by – somewhat by the environment, but not – we can overcome it at times and mining was one of those. Heavy truck was up fairly well in the quarter. So that was a good entry. General, if you just look at general production, the kinds of stuff, the things that are associated with grinders and so on, we had that kind of thing. So I mean we had some fairly reasonable positive points, the U.S. aviation, the aviation in U.S. was okay, that kind of thing.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: So we had some positives. And we had oil and gas, international aviation and the military which were negative.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Okay. And with your van channel being supported now with Rock N' Roll vans, are you seeing any step up in average ticket item per franchisee during the quarter?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: No. Big ticket was still reasonably strong, but I think we're not seeing any particular, if the question is associated with the rise in the size of the – let's say the purchases, the size of the purchases, I would say no in the quarter necessarily, not anything particularly big in the quarter. Nothing that would change the trend. We're still seeing a robust demand though for things like tool storage and of course our diagnostic units and other things that we would roll into big ticket.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Nick.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Prestopino with Barrington. Your line is now open.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Good morning, Gary.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Couple of the questions have been answered, particularly on industrial. But let me just ask in terms of seeing pretty good growth year-over-year in the credit portfolio, is that still indicative of that there is a healthy appetite for the tool boxes, bigger ticket items?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yeah, there's a healthy – I think there's a healthy attitude, generally it directly reflects the motion of the Tools Group. In general, if you look back at originations and look at Tools Group growth over the last three quarters, they're sort of the same, so that's pretty much what's driving it. I think it's not just tool boxes though, you get – you will get things like – you get things like big diagnostics like the VERUS Edge. I mean, the new VERUS Edge is a product that will run in several thousands of dollars and that can be financed on that kind of things. So, you will see a number of things like that. So, it's not just tool boxes, but it is – the big ticket items were, I think this quarter just slightly below, somewhat below the Tools Group in general, but over three quarters, four quarters has been better than the Tools Group.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then in terms of the Rock N' Roll vans and the techno vans, are you at capacity where you want to be right now in the U.S.?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I don't know. I think Rock N' Roll cab, I think we added like maybe like five in the last quarter in the techno vans and we didn't add any Rock N' Roll cabs. Rock N' Roll cabs have been solid for some time. Having said – been the same number for some time, but, you know, I wouldn't necessarily sign up to the idea that I wouldn't add more going forward. Rock N' Roll cabs were introduced somewhere in 2011. And I have to tell you, Gary, we've been learning about how to use them better and how effective they are and where they're most effective and how to do that each quarter. But for now, they're pretty much where they're going to be. The techno is something else. So we've added quite a few. I think actually year-over-year for techno, we've added 21 techno vans, and I think we'll be probably trying to see how that 21 plays out for a little while, and then we'll make a decision whether we need more or not going forward. But it's a mistake to think that tool storage sales is directly proportional to the number of Rock N' Roll cabs, that's not true. What we found is they've gotten more and more and more productive, more and more liberating every time, every quarter, and same thing for techno vans.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: All right. Well, it basically expands your store for selling space, right?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Correct, it does. But then we find out how to – then actually what we find out is how to amplify the Rock N' Roll space. I mean, it's kind of a multilayered thing. It does help that though. I mean in one sense it expands on a time-sharing basis the space, but the effect of that space, I would say over the four years we've had it, the ones that we installed first are helping a lot more than they did when they first occurred.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: And last question. Is this just the U.S. phenomenon or is this in other countries where mechanics own the tools that you have these kind of vans?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: It's in other countries. I mean I think, I guess we have seven international Rock N' Roll cabs, and so we've used them in different places, things like the UK, in Canada, and some in Australia. And we've just started to do that for the techno vans. So it's a phenomenon that can work in other places.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Leiker with Baird. Your line is now open.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good morning, everyone.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Good morning, David.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Good morning.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): So a couple of things, back on C&I. That's a business; you've got three or four different buckets of businesses within there.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: We do.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Tends to be a little bit lumpy quarter-to-quarter. It's kind of a strange question, but is there any way or anything that we from the outside should look at to try and get a better handle on what the quarter-to-quarter trends are going to be there?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I don't really have – the thing is that – the truth is, sure. What we know is the industry problems, the economic environments create an overhang. And then in places like, for us and you see it in oil and gas this time, you can see it in mining, although mining was a contributory for us. So it's very difficult to look at any macro and say it's going to affect us. All you can say is look, the general macro is going to create an overhang. How well we do in offsetting it is another question, but we do have the ability to offset it from time to time. Like in this quarter, we felt, we feel when we look at Industrial, when we look at critical industries, we feel we can see the trajectory of upward trends even though it was a tepid quarter, it was a drag on us this time, because we can see the gains in railroad, in places like mining and heavy duty. So we can see the proof-of-concept working through. It's hard for us to give you any guidance on that. In Asia Pacific, for example, the turbulence around Asia Pacific did really create an overhang for us, but we succeeded in some markets and had some difficulty in others. Our operations and our sales in both those markets ended up being a growth situation. In Europe, it seems like, and I think what's worked for us in Europe is we came from such a low position. We kept investing. We create new product that we're growing even as the market is tepid. So it's kind of a cocktail of things that I can't quite give you any particular macro on which to trend.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, I figured that...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: All I can tell you is I think we feel progress in each of those places.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, I just figured that was the answer. On Asia Pacific...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yeah, yeah.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): ...that business over the years, you've continued to see strong growth on the automotive equipment side of that business. What's the makeup of that revenue today between equipment versus the critical industries versus other pieces?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I don't really have the percentages for you. I will say that you're right in saying that equipment is probably the biggest piece of that, and then you've got cutting tools, which are another piece of it, which are primarily Industrial based. Industrial based tools are another piece, and then what's after that, it would be, I'd say, the critical – we call them – in that world (00:46:10) we call them premium tools, like the Snap-on tools sold into the super-premium applications like Thai Airways and things like that. We actually had a pretty good quarter with those in places like Singapore and Hong Kong. And the equipment actually was one of the things that drove us into Vietnam. We're actually pretty pleased about Vietnam. I've been waiting for Vietnam to give us some daylight for some time, and this is the quarter which it kind of worked. So it was an encouraging event.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. And then one last item here on margins. You guys did a great job of continuing to drive value and drive margins with the RCI activity and the focus on execution. Are you doing anything beyond what you normally do, cost cutting or pulling back on discretionary spending or anything along those lines, belt tightening with some of the uncertainties going on around the world?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: No. We're not doing anything like that. I mean I suppose it's kind of dumb thing for a guy like me to say that, but the fact our – we – okay, people here are shaking their heads, yes, that is dumb. But, okay.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): So am I.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: It's true, we believe in our runways for growth, and we continue to invest in them. The profit improvements you are seeing, the 130 basis points, have nothing to do with restriction, nothing.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Because we don't see it that way. Of course, there are headwinds and they might impact us, and I never said we would keep going, marching upward every quarter. It's almost impossible for anybody to do that, although we have. And so we just believe in the future of extending the critical industries, enhancing the van channel, expanding with repair shop owners, and in emerging markets, so we keep investing in it.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Perfect, great. Thank you very much.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. And Nick, congratulations on a great quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Thanks.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Let me start off with just continuing on the point we were just discussing, and you talked about the fact that there wasn't a lot of belt tightening in this, but then you cite RCI progress in each of the individual segments. So let me reconcile this. It seems as though there has been some cost cutting. I'm looking specifically at the C&I segment, where you had a negative 5% incremental margin. In other words, revenues were down, but EBIT was up. And I know you've said repeatedly in the past that your RCI would allow you to grow margins in a flat revenue environment. Help me understand the answer you just gave to the last question versus these points.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure. First of all, first of all, we view -- you may not like this either -- but we view as-reported sales as arithmetic. Organic sales are up for us, so the bits and the bytes and the metal and the mechanisms, we sell more of that we're happy. We're encouraged by that. So even in C&I, which was down, that 3.4% organic is what we follow because that looks to us to be customer gain. That's one. Two is, is that what you see in this situation is when I'm talking about RCI, I'm talking about things like being able to make the product less expensively. We reduce the set-up times in the factory, which is a big deal for us. We find ways through customer connection and our innovation process to wield new technologies that allow us to develop new product cheaper. Remember, in C&I, for example, last year in aviation, we brought – last year, in oil and gas, I think we – for heavy truck, let's say, we brought out 859 new products, and aviation was 996. And one of the things that allows us to make to do that better is new technology like 3D printing and finite element analysis and so on. And that cuts cost in the design cycle and allows us to bring out those new products with lower cost than before. Those are the kinds of things we do.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: And even if we have – so, even if we have lower as reported revenues, our cost gets driven down because of some of that. And it doesn't happen every quarter, if it happens – if I reduce the cost of one particular product, well, maybe that product sells well this quarter and I get some good benefit out of it. That may not sell so well next quarter and I don't quite get the quote at the same benefit.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. I appreciate that clarification.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Okay.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yeah, I appreciate the clarification. Thanks. On the originations, it's up 16%. Once again it's kind of an up 9% number last quarter. Is that really just timing?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yeah, it's pretty much. Yeah, there's a lot of timing flowing through. Remember that originations have to do with the franchisees selling the products.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Right.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Right. And you also got an SFC that flows through this. So, in originations are things like loans that go through for the franchisees themselves, like van loans and things like that that occur. And so there's that noise in van originations in the month. So when we have a particularly great SFC, that can distort that as well. But when you step back and you look at the trend of everything, it really is – there is a lot of noise from quarter-to-quarter. You've kind of got to look back. And if you look at three quarters, you'll see it's pretty close to the same, between Tools Group growth and originations, pretty close to the same and if you say that Tools Group will pick a group faster, it makes sense.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Military and oil and gas, is there any way you can size that up for us as a percentage of critical industries...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Okay. (00:51:55). I'll try this – how about this one. We mentioned like five segments, six segments in critical industries, and the military is a big one, it's the biggest because we entered there first, because it made sense. Just as I said before, when the bullets are flying overhead -- I can assure you this from personal experience, when the bullets are flying overhead, people kind of want to make sure things work. And so we figured it was the most critical of industries. We invested in it and it (00:52:16) warrants bigger. So if you take our revenues which is somewhere north of $450 million or something like that let's say, and you divide them by six and you take one of the bigger ones, that would be the military. And oil and gas would be more in the middle some place. So that helps. I think that should give you some ballpark view of this. You got one big guy who is down strong double digits, can put a little over hang on you.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Let me just ask one last question, just relating to the call here and just kind of a big picture high level question, but if you could just walk us through with some quick comments on each of the four segments. You just discussed recessionary environment, how much downside would you expect in revenues? And also, I guess, with all the progress in RCI initiatives and the new product introductions in the much richer portfolio, how much better, if at all, would margins be in the trough than what we saw last time around?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Last time around we started at 12% and went to 10%. The 12.3%, if I remember 2008, the OI percentage was like 12.3% and it went to 9.9%.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yeah.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: And that was – the 9.9% was, I would say, artificially depressed by the fact that we had the credit company in transition, somewhat, not huge, but that's a factor there a little bit. And so, you can say, all right, it impacted some, but maybe not much, but okay, we had that transition going on in Tools Group and so on, maybe arithmetically it didn't affect. But down there, we had some turbulence. And so then the big difference there now is we're starting at 17.5%, all right. So I mean, I wouldn't expect it to be worse than that duration. The other factor I'd offer is this, is I believe – two factors. One is, I believe we are stronger in our market positions, therefore even more resistant, number one. Number two – number three, and this is harder to predict. Last time, our customer base, which was principally the – 70% of the customer base, the automotive repair technician, I spent a lot of time talking about the fact that they were cash rich and confidence poor, they were getting up every day and reading bad news for breakfast. It was the worst recession of our lifetime. People were talking about putting dollars in mattresses. Well, I'm not sure – and so therefore they didn't buy big ticket items even though they had a lot of cash. That would happen again, but I'm not sure it'd be the same extent. I don't know. That's a judgment call of course. And one more experience at RCI than we were. And the other thing is, we're just better at RCI, and so we probably step that up. If you can't, you only have 24 hours in a day, so if you can't – if you think the prospects for growth are less, you turn more toward improvement.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: That's really helpful. Thanks a lot.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Hayes with Northcoast Research. Your line is now open.
Tom L. Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Good morning.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Good morning.
Tom L. Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Just as it relates to the Tools Group, certainly positive results from both the domestic and international businesses. Nick, I was wondering if you could maybe give a little additional color in regards to the contribution for the international franchise business in the Tools Group?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: The international franchise business is about, is also up double-digits. The U.S. is up strong double-digits, the U.S. is up, the international is up just about the same. I would say that in order the strength, Australia and UK were actually up more than the U.S., Canada was up somewhat less, so you put those together in a cocktail and I think it all came to about the same as the U.S.
Tom L. Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then I guess looking a little bit of bigger picture, I think you've kind of tested on some components so far today. Clearly an opportunity for you is to get a larger percentage of the shop related spending. Just what are your thoughts on where you are on the penetration rates when you look at complete shop spending and some of your initiatives to expand that?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Well, let's look at it this way. I think I would say that we are less than half of where we are in terms of our position with tools. And so, if you think of it that way, yes, people respect our brand, shop owners respect our brand as much as technicians. So I would view that as kind of an – view of the opportunity. We think we have runway in the tools itself for the technicians and we're well behind that in terms of shop penetration. So, I think we've got quite a bit of runway there. I would say if you want to use baseball terms, we're in the third or fourth inning.
Tom L. Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And it appears we have no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back to Leslie Kratcoski for any closing remarks.
Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-on, Inc.: Thanks everyone for joining us this morning. A replay and transcript of the call will be available shortly on our website. And as always, we thank you for your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect. Thank you and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-on, Inc. Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc. Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.
Analysts: David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Tom L. Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. Richard John Hilgert - Morningstar Research
Operator: Please stand by, we're about to begin. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Snap-on, Inc. 2015 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-on, Inc.: Thanks, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's second quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Finance Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for the call. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everyone. I'll start this call with some highlights of our second quarter. I'll speak about the general environment and about the trends we see, and I'll take you through some of the progress we've made. Then, Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. Our second quarter results were encouraging. We believe they once again offer strong evidence of clear Snap-on advancements along our runways for both growth and for improvement. Organic sales were up 8.4% from last year. The operating margin expanded by 100 basis points. And earnings per share, they reached $2.03, up 12.8% compared with the $1.80 reported last year. Our reported sales increase was 3.1%. That total includes the continuing weight of unfavorable foreign currency translations this quarter, an impact of $43.4 million. Including the incremental $2.8 million from last year's Pro-Cut acquisition, our total reported sales for the period – our sales for the period were $851.8 million. The opco operating margin reached 17.7%, up from 16.7% in 2014; and as I said, representing 100 basis points increase, more than offsetting the 40 basis point impact on profit from unfavorable currency. Financial Services operating income grew to $41.4 million from last year's $34.8 million, driving our consolidating operating margins, financial services plus opco to 21.1%, higher by 140 basis points. It wasn't our encouraging quarter. From an overall macro perspective, we believe the conditions remain favorable for our businesses serving automotive repair customers, the businesses like the Tools Group and the Repair Systems & Information, our RS&I Group. In the second quarter, the Tools Group organic activity increased 11.2%. The tailwinds of changing vehicle technology and the ageing of the fleet continue to provide opportunity. And the rising strength of our van network and our robust continuing line of new products, they enabled Snap-on to take greater advantage of those tailwinds and clear – and it's clearly evidenced in the numbers. In RS&I, they had organic gains of 3.3%, led by higher sales of diagnostics and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers, increased sales to OEM dealerships, and higher sales of undercar equipment; all serving to offset the particular challenges in Russia, Eastern Europe and the Middle East, where that Group had made particular progress in prior periods. For the Commercial & Industrial, C&I, there are also continued signs of advancement. Organic sales up 11.2% in the quarter. And for C&I, along our runways for growth, we saw important and clear headway; headway in our efforts to extend into critical industries, in our European business, and in several emerging markets. That progress was one against pockets of turbulence in geographies like Europe where the uncertainty of Greece looms; in places like Japan, where recovery is sporadic; and in the U.S. military. U.S. military has been a somewhat unpredictable sector. Well, in the second quarter, U.S. military activity experience for Snap-on, another strong period, up double-digits from last year. However, we do remain cautious on the military business there. This is a period of uncertainty. Changing deployments and budget pressure, make it difficult to predict the future trajectory of that business with any confidence. But having said that, having said that, we believe we're well positioned in the military sector to make the most of any available opportunities, any available openings. Overall, the C&I results are quite positive. The opportunity is definitely outweighing the challenges and the results they confirm it. More broadly, for the whole operation, for the whole of Snap-on. The operating income gains across the corporation clearly demonstrate the leverage and the power of the Snap-on value creation processes. Safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement, they all drive our improvement every day; and they help to offer 100 basis point gain in the quarter, overcoming the significant challenges. Now, let's highlight some of the advancements in growth and in improvement demonstrated by the individual groups. We'll start with C&I. As I just said, an 11.2% organic sales gain, and that follows a 9.8% organic sales gain in the first quarter. C&I's operating income margin was 14.3%, up 100 basis points, both the higher volume and the benefits of Snap-on value creation drove that raise. And there were some very positive volume gains. SNA Europe registered its seventh straight quarter of year-over-year growth, a promising trend, outperforming the storm clouds that occupied the headlines of Europe. The industrial division saw particularly strong activity in the aviation sector, a key area of our focus in extending to critical industries. Some of those aerospace gains can be attributed to our growing line of innovative new products specifically aimed at that industry, products like our new array of aircraft tire gauges and inflators. When it comes to aircraft tires and struts, proper measurement and inflation are key for safe takeoffs and landing as well as for breaking predictability and effectiveness. We talk about critical industries, those sound kind of critical for people who travel. Raising the bar in that arena our new line of 300 PSI analog and digital tire gauges offer improved accuracy. Our approval for hazardous environments incorporate a reflective glow dial or a backlit display. It makes – they make the technicians' work more effective, safer and easier meeting all type of challenges in all types of conditions. Also in the quarter and aimed right at aviation, we introduced the new Snap-on Electro Static Discharge-Safe Precision Pliers. They're designed for use on static-sensitive components in circuitry, with a specifically designed handle to dissipate electricity, improved squeezing torque control and a low profile design for greater accessibility than the standard pliers, all features that are valued by professionals, performing those critical aviation tasks. The 300 PSI tire gauges and static discharge safe pliers, innovative new product, adding to our growing aerospace offering and clearly demonstrating our efforts to roll the Snap-on brand out of the garage to extend into critical industries like aviation. And the second quarter results, they confirm that it's working. Now, let's speak about SNA Europe. Our European hand tool – our European-based hand tool business. SNA Europe, broad organic growth and gains in the period, up mid single-digits, growth in Spain, United Kingdom and in the Nordic region. And besides that volume rise, SNA Europe continued its trajectory of operating margin improving, leveraging the additional sales, but also realizing the benefits of RCI and Snap-on value creation against a backdrop of substantial Euroland turbulence. SNA Europe, sales up for the seventh straight quarter, but once again, profits up more. And we're also continuing to build in emerging markets. Asia-Pacific was another contributor to C&I growth. Activity up in relatively uneven markets like Korea and Indonesia. C&I did have an encouraging quarter, but we know there's still more opportunity; opportunity to continue building on the momentum generated by our European operations, to strengthen our position within emerging markets, and to proceed forward down our runways of critical industries extending to even more customers. Now, let's move to the Tools Group. Sales were up 11.2% organically with double-digit gains in the U.S. and internationally. Operating margin, up 17.1%, up 70 basis points versus the 16.4% recorded last year and overcoming within the quarter 120 basis points of unfavorable currency impact. That 70 basis point improvement brings our Tools Group OI margin to new levels, and that margin performance clearly speaks to our improving position. And when combined with the growth this quarter, demonstrates the success we're having on this decisive runway, enhancing the franchise network. You can see it in the sales and you can see it in the overall franchise health metrics, trending positively again this quarter. Snap-on franchisees are a committed and capable group and you're convinced of that every time you meet one of them. And we're working hard every day to support their effort through creative marketing, access to in-house customer financing with Snap-on Credit, and a growing array of innovative new products. Products like our new ratcheting combination wrenches with an innovative design, higher strength and enhanced durability. Our new ratcheting gear design safely delivers 25% more torque and 95% longer fatigue life; innovative Snap-on technology enabling the transfer of more power in a thinner, smaller diameter wrench head helping to access and remove the most stubborn of fasteners in tight, tight spaces. The Dual 80 design with an 80 tooth ratcheting gear and dual pawls minimizes the swing arc that's needed to move fasteners. A great enabler, a great enabler in the engine compartments of today's vehicles. And, of course, the new wrench features our unique Flank Drive wrenching system that consistently minimizes fastener damage. Snap-on's new line of combination wrenches raises the bar for professionals in performing critical and difficult tasks. It's a winning tool line on an existing product platform, a direct result of Snap-on value creation shaped by customer connections, direct observations in the shop, and delivered by the Snap-on innovation process. It's already generating excitement in the repair shops all over this country and there's more to come. Now, the growing strength of our van network – our rolling selling space, it's what the van network is – is evident with the increases in big ticket sales. And a considerable boost comes from our hands-on demonstration vehicles like the Rock N' Roll Cab Express vans, 66 of them, bringing a much wider range of our tool storage line-ups directly to the shop, more colors, more shapes, more options and more choices displayed across our customer base. And if you've been listening to these calls for anytime, you've heard the story of this innovative marketing initiative, the Rock N' Roll van, expanding our van selling space. And they continue to be a significant contributor to the Tools Group. In the quarter, big ticket sales were up strong double-digits and our demonstration vans were a big driver. But those vans weren't the only factor, big ticket gains were also propelled by new two storage products; winning offerings like our special edition 95th anniversary box, another in a long line of our customized tools storage systems. We mentioned them, I think, on the last quarter's call and they've been popular. Technicians upgrading their workspace, celebrating our milestone year, and providing clear testimony to the strength of the Snap-on brand positioned in shops all around the world. Another key advantage for the Tools Group is our Financial Services on Snap-on Credit, strategic programs aimed at smoothing the way for those big ticket purchases. Our credit company plays an essential role in enhancing the van network, and again this quarter, it did just that. Well, that's the Tools Group, attractive new products guided by customer connection, innovation marketing and a unique credit facility, all increasing the power of the Snap-on van channel and driving sales to new levels. Now on to RS&I, organic sales growth of $8.7 million or 3.3%. The second quarter operating margin, 24.4%, rising 120 basis points compared to last year's 23.2%. Margin expansion, another demonstration of RCI in Snap-on value creation. The organic sales gain was broad-based, the diagnostics and information businesses selling to independent repair shop owners and managers with a mid single-digit gain in volume helped by new products. Products like the ETHOS Tech, our newest diagnostic handheld offering, aimed – is aimed at individual shop technicians and first-time diagnostic buyers. The ETHOS Tech is a full function scan tool with a quick boot-up, streamlined interface, a large color screen, and full comprehensive coverage of car makes and vehicle systems, all the features that are so important even for the entry level technician in today's environment where vehicle diagnostics are becoming essential for everyday maintenance as well as complex repair. More technicians than ever before will be using diagnostics in almost every job and ETHOS Tech is a great way for them to get started. Also in the quarter RS&I released its latest software update for our PRO-LINK Ultra, supplying truck shops with even broader diagnostic data covering both diesel and larger gasoline engines. The PRO-LINK Ultra, it's capable of diagnosing commercial vehicles from light diesel to Class 8 heavy-duty trucks. It delivers the widest coverage ever available in – at a single handheld diagnostic tool, including data for major vehicle system. It's a great enabler for the – it's a great enabler that, I guess, quite simply provides heavy-duty technicians with the range of diagnostic information now necessary to perform their daily task. And it's becoming the choice across the heavy-duty sector. Equipment division registered a low single digit organic sales rise, overcoming the turbulence in Eastern Europe. Some of those gains were offered by our new aligner, the V2400 launched just this period. The V2400 designed for premium OEM dealerships and for high-end wheel service shops, places that require advanced alignment techniques. It offers increased accuracy and repeatability, higher resolution cameras that produce live alignment and diagnostic data, passive lightweight front and rear targets that improve durability, and advanced dimensioning that identifies frame or structural damage or mismatched tire sizes; a regular cause of vehicle pulling or driver complaint, all of those are features that aid greatly in technician productivity. We believe we have an exceptional product in this next-generation aligner and early returns indicates that our customers are saying the same thing. Speaking about the equipment division, May marked the one-year anniversary of our acquisition of the Pro-Cut on-car brake lathes. We're excited to have Pro-Cut as part of the team. When we put Pro-Cut advanced brake servicing product line – Pro-Cut advanced brake servicing product line together with another recent add, Challenger Lifts, it gives us more to sell to vehicle repair shop owners and managers, to customers in independent shops, national service chains, and OEM dealerships. And when packaged along with our other established RS&I products, Snap-on now offers a wider range of shop solutions than ever before. So to wrap up RS&I, we see new diagnostics, unique truck repair information, and a growing undercar equipment offering driving positive trends, improving our position with repair shop owners and managers across the globe. Well, that's the highlight of our quarter, growth and improvement. C&I strength at SNA Europe and emerging markets and in critical industries, expanding margins. The Tools Group, growing double-digits again, robust sales and operating margin continuing to enhance our franchise network. RS&I, advancing its position, making gains in both independent shops and OEMs, growing operating margins by 120 basis points. And Financial Services, raising its contribution and helping provide strategic evidence of growth for out Tools Group and overall for the corporation. Sales increasing organically by 8.4%. Opco operating income margin of 17.7%, up 100 basis points. EPS $2.03 in the quarter, 12.8% higher than the $1.80 last year. It was another encouraging quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo who will take you through the financials in detail. Aldo?
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Thanks, Nick. Our second quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on slide six. Net sales of $851.8 million in the quarter were up 8.4% organically. On a reported basis, net sales including $43.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation, increased $25.3 million or 3.1% from 2014 levels. As you know, Snap-on has significant international operations and is subject to foreign currency fluctuations. Largely due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, foreign currency movements adversely impacted our year-over-year Q2 sales comparisons by 570 basis points. Consolidated gross profit of $419 million increased $18.6 million from 2014 levels, primarily due to benefits from higher sales, savings from RCI initiatives and lower restructuring costs, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects. The gross margin of 49.2% in the quarter improved 80% from 48.4% a year ago. Operating expenses of $268.2 million increased $5.9 million largely due to higher volume-related and other expenses, including higher pension expense, partially offset by favorable foreign currency translation and savings from RCI initiatives. The operating expense margin of 31.5% improved 20 basis points from 31.7% last year. No restructuring costs were incurred in the second quarter of 2015. In the second quarter of last year, we incurred $1.4 million of such costs. Pension expense in the quarter was approximately $2 million higher as compared to the prior year, mostly reflecting the impacts of lower discount rates as well as increased life expectancies. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before Financial Services of $150.8 million in the quarter, including $12 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased 9.2% and as a percentage of sales improved 100 basis points to 17.7%. Financial Services revenue of $58.7 million in the quarter increased 13.5% from 2014 levels, while operating earnings of $41.4 million increased 19%. The increases in both revenue and operating earnings primarily reflect the continued growth of the Financial Services portfolio. Consolidated operating earnings of $192.2 million in the quarter, including $12.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased $11.2 million. And the operating margin of 21.1% improved 140 basis points from 19.7% a year ago. Our second quarter effective income tax rate of 32% compared with 32.9% in the second quarter and 32.1% for the 2014 full year. Finally, net earnings of $120 million or $2.03 per diluted share increased $13.9 million or $0.23 per share representing a 12.8% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now, let's turn to our segment results. Starting with Commercial & Industrial, or C&I Group on slide seven. Sales of $295.8 million in the quarter were up 11.2% organically, reflecting a high single-digit gain in sales to customers in critical industries, a mid single-digit increase in the segment's European-based hand tools business, and a double-digit increases in both the segment's power tools and Asia-Pacific operations. Gross profit in the C&I Group of $112.9 million in the quarter increased $1.1 million from 2014 levels, primarily due to the benefits of higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects. The gross margin of 38.2% decreased 70 basis points largely due to a shift to lower gross margin sales, including higher sales to the military and increased sales in our Asia-Pacific operations. Operating expenses of $70.7 million in the quarter decreased $2.9 million from 2014 levels, primarily due to favorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by higher volume related and other expenses. The operating expense margin of 23.9% improved 170 basis points, mostly due to sales volume leverage, including benefits from the previously mentioned sales shift. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the C&I segment of $42.2 million, including $2 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased $4 million from 2014 levels, and the operating margin of 14.3% improved 100 basis points. Turning now to slide eight. Second quarter sales of the Snap-on Tools Group of $398.7 million increased 11.2% organically, reflecting double-digit sales gains in both the company's U.S. and international franchise operations. Gross profit of $176.5 million increased $15.4 million from 2014 levels and the gross margin of 44.3% in the quarter improved 70 basis point, primarily, due to benefits from higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $108.5 million increased $7.9 million from 2014 levels, principally due to higher volume related and other expenses, partially offset by favorable foreign currency translation. The second quarter operating expense margin was 27.2% in both years. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $68 million, including $6.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased $7.5 million, and the operating margin of 17.1% improved 70 basis points. Turning to the Repairs Systems & Information, or RS&I Group, shown on slide nine. Sales of $277.4 million in the quarter increased 3.3% organically from 2014 levels. The organic sales increase primarily reflects a mid single-digit gain in sales of diagnostics and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers and low single-digit gains in both sales of undercar equipment and sales to OEM dealerships. Gross profit of $129.6 million increased $2.1 million over 2014 levels, principally due to benefits of higher sales, savings from RCI initiatives and lower restructuring cost, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects. The gross margin of 46.7% improved 90 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses of $61.9 million in the quarter decreased $1 million from 2014 levels, primarily due to favorable foreign currency translation and savings from RCI initiatives, partially offset by higher volume related and other expenses. The operating expense margin of 22.3% improved 30 basis points from 2014. Second quarter operating earnings for the RS&I Group of $67.7 million including $3.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased $3.1 million from prior year levels and the operating margin of 24.4% improved 120 basis points. Now, turning to slide 10. In the second quarter, operating earnings from Financial Services of $41.4 million on revenue of $58.7 million compared with operating earnings of $34.8 million on revenue of $51.7 million last year. The average yield on finance receivables of 17.8% in the quarter compared with 17.5% last year; and the average yield on contract receivables of 9.4% compared with 9.5% last year. Originations of $253.4 million increased 8.9% from 2014 levels. Moving to slide 11. As of quarter end, our balance sheet includes approximately $1.47 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.27 billion from our U.S. Snap-on Credit operations. Approximately, 80% of our U.S. financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. During the quarter, our worldwide finance portfolio grew approximately $63 million. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now turning to slide 12. Cash provided by operations of $160.3 million in the quarter increased $35.9 million from comparable 2014 levels, reflecting higher net earnings in 2015 and net changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash used by investing activities of $85.4 million included $58.1 million to fund a net increase in finance receivables. Second quarter capital expenditures of $27.7 million included $7.8 million to acquire a previously leased bandsaw manufacturing facility in United Kingdom. Capital expenditures in the second quarter of last year were $22.7 million. Turning to slide 13. Days sales outstanding for trade receivables of 60 days compared with 61 days at 2014 year end. Inventories increased $23.7 million from 2014 year end levels primarily to support continued higher customer demand and new product introductions. On a trailing 12 month basis, inventory turns of 3.5 compared with 3.7 turns at 2014 year end. Our quarter end cash position of $124.6 million decreased $8.3 million from 2014 year end levels. The net decrease includes the impact of funding, $416 million of new finance receivables, the repurchase of 580,000 shares for $86.9 million, dividend payments of $61.7 million, and capital expenditures of $45.8 million. These cash decreases were largely offset by $319.3 million of cash from collections of finance receivables, $238.4 million of cash from operations net of $25 million of discretionary cash contributions to the company's domestic pension plans, and $36.5 million of cash proceeds from stock purchase and option plan exercises. Our net debt to capital ratio of 25.8% compared with 26.3% at 2014 year end. In addition to our $124.6 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, and our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper markets. At quarter end, we had $35 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. This concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance. Now, I'll turn the call over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Thanks, Aldo. Well, that's the Snap-on results. Once again, we believe the period stands as clear testimony to the opportunities abundant along our runways for growth and for improvement. And it confirms our team's capability to keep taking full advantage despite the challenges, like unfavorable currency, turbulent economies and varying industry dynamics, we are progressing along our runways for growth. C&I organic sales rising 11.2%; OI margin 14.3%, up 100 basis points, extended to critical industries, gains in aviation and the military, building in emerging markets. The Tools Group enhancing the van channel, wielding the network more powerfully than ever. Organic sales up 11.2%; OI margins 17.1%, a 70 basis point increase. And RS&I, organic sales up 3.3%; OI margin 24.4%, an increase of 120 basis points. And the overall corporation growing organically at 8.4%, overcoming the headwind. And we demonstrated progress down our runways for improvement. The Corporate OI margin was 17.7%, up 100 basis points more than offsetting 40 basis points of unfavorable currency impact. Putting it all together with Financial Services' contributions, earnings per share reached $2.03, up 12.8% against the wind. Second quarter was encouraging and we believe it demonstrates again that Snap-on has the inherent advantages, the opportunities and the capabilities to advance, to resist the turbulence, to keep progressing, and to extend our positive trend of performance as we go forward. Before I turn the call over to the operator for questions, I'll speak a moment to our franchisees and associates. As always, I know many of you are listening, please know that the encouraging results of the second quarter would not have been possible without your dedication and capability, your demonstrated skill, clear commitment, and extraordinary contribution to our team; you have my congratulations and you have my thanks. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: And we'll take our first question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Congratulations Nick on a great quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Thanks. Thank you.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: I guess I'm struck by the slow originations growth, up 8.9%, and what looks like divergence against a double-digit growth in big ticket. And I'm mindful that credit typically exists on the sell-through. Is it possible that your franchisees are just seeing a much higher level of inventory right now and that would have explained that divergence or maybe you could help us understand that?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: There's a lot of vintage in that. Fundamentally, there is questions of timings, there is a secondary market that comes into that, there is the questions of the how much – what are those actually sold at versus what we sell, what sales price we book versus what the van driver books. The numbers are something like this, I think they're – what were they, 8.9% this quarter?
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yeah.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: And originations in 11.2%. But last quarter, they were reverse, it was 14.2% versus 12.9%. And the quarter before that it was – in other words, 14.2% was the originations and 12.9% was the Tools Group, and 7.5% (36:16) was the originations in the fourth quarter and 11.8% was the Tools Group. So they don't match up perfectly. We are unconcerned – we're not concerned about anything like that. And we don't see anything like buildup of inventory in the vans at all. This is just a matter of timing and the differences I pointed out.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And that big ticket growth, you were talking about the double-digit growth. Is there any way you can help us understand the difference between price mix growth versus volume growth?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: You mean – well, I think – look, the big ticket items are – you mean, in terms of big ticket growth itself or the effect on Tools?
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. No, the big ticket growth. I'm just trying to understand how much of that was from – I'm presuming you're talking about revenue growth and I'm just wondering how much of that...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yeah, yeah. No, if you're talking about revenue growth. Generally, big ticket prices are – when we're talking about – when I talk about big ticket growth, I'm talking about what the big ticket items were a year ago, and they've grown actually at double-digits, a little faster than the Tools Group. And, in fact, that's, I would say, apples-to-apples in terms of pricing. So it's pretty much volume growth in that situation.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Volume growth. Okay. And then last question, just – there's been a lot of talk about competition within the diagnostic space and there's been a lot of evolution lately in terms of how people are going to market the value prop and how it's packaged. Are you feeling the increased presence of competitive product in the market? That might explain the lower organic growth rates in RS&I or how should we think about that?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I don't think so. I mean, first of all, it's one quarter; that's one thing. And that can be moved up and down. But the diagnostics and information business – the sale of diagnostics and our information products into independent repair shops, which is the space we're talking about, was up fairly strongly in the quarter. I think we said high single digits. So – mid-single digits. So that was a little bit better than RS&I. And then second thing is, I would offer that – I was just on these Rock N' Roll – I was on one of these techno vans recently. And the van driver told me, he said, we're not associated – we're not worried about competition, our biggest competition is the difficulty in getting to a technician and explaining to him the product, getting him to appreciate the value of our business. He didn't cite any competitors at all. In fact, I never see – I was just with 1,200 customers over the weekend and that – 10 days ago, and they were talking about this product and basically they talked about the idea that it was better than anything else we had – better than anything else we had brought out. Secondly – I mean, thirdly, I would suppose that when you – when we survey independent technicians, when we ask them what's your preferred form of diagnostic, it's still overwhelmingly Snap-on. I think the numbers, the latest numbers we have are 60 for Snap-on, 11 for number two. So you see all those. Now, if you come back to RS&I, I suppose your question was RS&I; I personally think, we were encouraged by the RS&I growth because of the equipment business, which tends to get dinged because of Eastern Europe. So ironically, equipment business was – grew, I think Aldo said, low single-digits. So it's somewhat of a drag from a volume point of view, but from a margin point of view, because in my remarks, I talked about that new aligner, the V2400, hey, that's a great product and it's selling very well and it's a great margin generator for us. So what you saw from an equipment business actually was a little bit of drag on RS&I revenues, but a boost on RS&I margins, because of the aligner business, because it helps you understand RS&I a little bit more. But we don't see, actually we don't see, at least in my interactions from the market. So logically or at least in talking to market we don't see much pressure and then empirically, we don't see it in our numbers as pressure either.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Is there any way you can size for us the size of the Eastern European undercar business as a percentage?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I don't think I want to get into that granularity, but...
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Sure.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: ...but I can just say that that business is bigger for equipment -bigger than for equipment than anybody else, because – and it becomes a historical thing. We made better inroads in Eastern Europe and the Middle East than almost any of our other businesses. And so it has been particularly impacted by this particular downturn and in this particular set of economic dynamics. Now, we have other – we're not mourning or wringing our hands over that, but when you start slicing the corporation down into pieces, that you start to see it a little bit more like it comes out in RS&I.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thanks very much. Great quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Leiker with Baird.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. This is Joe Vruwink for David.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Hi, Joe.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Hello, Joe.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Sticking with diagnostics, Nick, when you originally started throwing out a gross target for that segment and thinking it would grow kind of near to 5% rate. I believe the strategy at that time was to sell a diagnostics unit to a repair shop, and now you're talking about selling diagnostics units to each technician within that shop. And so how might that change maybe the longer-term growth profile for the business knowing the evolution of that strategy?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Well, first of all, I'm not abandoning the idea we're selling for the shops. I think we still have a lot of runway in terms of, what I would call, the downtown diagnostics, the things that will stand up and tell your fortune, the higher level ones that a shop would buy and might have one or two of them in the shop. We still have a lot of runway in that area, so – and it's a very important product line for us. And, in fact, we feel pretty positive about the possibilities and the opportunity for that opportunity, but I think what you say is very true. We now know that more and more of the repair activities in a shop are going to require diagnostics. I think I said possibly on the last call that roughly 40% of repairs require diagnostics today, and the new cars 80% of the repair. So you can see how that's going to go as new cars roll into the marketplace. And so maintenance techs as opposed to the repair techs, guys who do oil changes and battery changes, and just tune up the cars are going to have to use diagnostics to do these kinds of things to reset some of the parameters that they start with, that they change when they make these changes. And so we'll be looking to sell diagnostics, those things. That's the purpose of the ETHOS Tech. So you would expect that that would add a boost to that. But I would still say, I would still say – let's not talk of 4% to 6%, I would still say that if you look at the long-term sort of over the horizon opportunities for our businesses, I would rank C&I with the critical industries and the emerging markets as the highest growth opportunity. It's got unbounded opportunity. If you look at – I would say, this particular one sits in the middle. And then the Tools Group, we've been able to wield that model better and better reach more technicians, but at the end of the day, it is bounded. So I'd put them in those pieces. Now maybe you might (43:58) between the 4% to 6% number, but I – for our overall business, but I still see RS&I in that middle, in middle.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And I probably won't get you to update the range itself today. So I guess I can move on to my next question.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Really, what I'm saying – let me just try to clarify. When I said 4% to 6%, I meant generally we can grow at that level. If you want to look at the Tools Group, we said it'd be at the bottom. We can grow at that level, roughly double GDP, without necessarily coming up with things that would make our models more powerful. We could capture more customers, we could add more – no accelerators. Now, you see what happened in the Tools Group, we got accelerators on top of that breaking through the barriers of space and time. I was just on a techno – I just said I was on a techno van, we talked about that. We always – we always thought about that, well, it saves time. And what it does is both the Rock N' Roll cab and the techno van save time for the franchisees, because when the franchisee rides in parallel with these vans a couple times a year, it's like a training seminar. Because the guy who's running the van is an incredible salesman, and it saves our franchisee from going to a training center – seminar to learn how to sell tool storage or to learn how to sell diagnostics. And that's one of the reasons why the sales are up, we not only added to the retail space, but we also boosted the capabilities of our franchisees. That's why same-store sales have been up greater than 6% 20 of the last 21 quarters, that's the kind of effect. So I think if we keep discovering ways to do that, we'll beat that 4% to 6%.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Sure. Now, that's great color. Shifting gears a little bit, what's your experience around China before Snap-on and while at Snap-on? Is there anything going on in that region that gives you pause or areas of concern that you might be seeing just given your experience there?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Look, China is – I would see China through Tiananmen. you got to remember. So I was there when – I remember going to the hotel, The Shanghai Hilton and I stayed there three days, I never saw another guest. And three months before that, it was like going to the gold rush. So you see a lot of variations in China, I think this is quite normal. You're seeing some variation, but nothing that would affect my view of the long-term trajectory. I see opportunities for us. The repair ways will rise, we will take advantage of it. The shape of that advantage, we have to figure out going forward; that's really our situation. Of course, Asia is now – I think it's correct and popular to say that Asia is varying and it is. You see variations in India, Modi isn't catching on quite a bit. You see Indonesia coming back actually. Japan is actually getting a little better. We had a pretty good – we had a reasonable quarter in Japan. Korea came back, even though MERS has given us some problem, we had a good quarter in Korea. So you have variations, but nothing that interdicts the long-term view. And I spend six weeks a year there.
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And nothing – if the long-term in China is so positive, what about more the near-term, any risks or volatility?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Well, yeah – sure, there's volatility, but we're not looking for a meltdown, that kind of thing, there's volatility. There is volatility in China of course. We have good – we have great quarters, we have medium quarters, those kinds of things. Our Asia-Pacific business, as Aldo said, they grew double-digits in a quarter. Okay?
Joe D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Liam Burke with Wunderlich.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, Nick. Good morning, Aldo.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Morning, Liam.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Morning.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Nick, I'm sorry, I'd like to stay on Asia-Pacific for a moment. You have had a fair amount of upfront investment there. It seems like you're getting growth. But in generally, directionally, are the margins you're getting out of the region or the direction of the trends, are they on track with expectations?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure. Actually, we have no worry about, I think, the margins in that regard. I mean, it's the geography, it's the P&L geography. I think, you saw in Aldo's discussion again on C&I how – I think, gross margins were down 70 basis points and we made it up on SG&A, well it was SG&A up 170 basis points. And what's – the principle component of that was the geography of certain big players, and Asia-Pacific is one of them, lower gross margin, lower SG&A, but OI margin kind of on track for what we like to do, if you adjust for that forward investment. So we feel okay about that. I think we continue to be confident in that regard.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Okay. And staying with C&I, you mentioned power tools as being a driver of growth. Typically that's – is that unique to the quarter or is there something going on in the market where you're getting a step-up in demand there?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I don't think it's anything in the market, I think it's – look – I think – actually, I think we hit a bonanza this quarter and you know what we did? We actually took power tools and garbed them in the 95th anniversary colors. And remember me talking about the box, how people like, signed up for this $10,000 box to put, in effect, a shrine to our corporation in the workplace. Well, if you offer it to them at a couple hundred dollars, they're even more enthusiastic. So part of what we're seeing there is this kind of push. We put the – our half inch pneumatic impact, which is a popular product, but we garbed it in the 95th anniversary or the cordless ratchet or our air hammers, things like that, or our cordless impact, and those have become popular. I don't think it's a special demand thing. I think power tools are kind of people – they wear out, people buy them periodically and it's like a new car, you show up with a new color and especially 95th anniversary colors for Snap-on is a collector item and it's a particularly compelling color. And so they like that.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Thank you, Nick.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: That's what's driving it.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Tom Hayes with Northcoast Research.
Tom L. Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Hi. Good morning gentlemen.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Hi, Tom.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Morning, Tom.
Tom L. Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Hey. Just wondering – staying on the C&I Group for a little bit, you called out, Nick, aviation and military doing well. I was just wondering if there's any segments that were lagging your expectations. And then just...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yeah...
Tom L. Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: ...maybe just kind of a follow-up is, just kind of reset where you have the larger international exposure in the C&I Group?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure. We had a good quarter – this happens every quarter. We have variations because we have six or seven critical industries in that area. This quarter, we happen to have a good – we had good progress in aviation, heavy duty – the heavy duty sector was strong for us, railroads were strong, oil and gas was weak. I think – but actually, I'm not so sure, last time it was up against the wind. And I think, for us, we're just starting to penetrate these areas. So they're not so driven by the economics as they are, when you're just starting to penetrate, you can get quite a variation from quarter to quarter, that's the kind of thing we saw. We saw some flatness in things like mining, stuff like that. But, generally, that's the – military was up double-digits. We kind of expect C&I to keep – the idea of extending to critical industries to keep going, to keep moving. Now, I don't say it happens every quarter. I mean, this is a great example. I mean, I say every second quarter that we feel very good from a C&I – we feel very good right now about our Commercial & Industrial trajectory, we feel very good about our Tools trajectory, we feel very good about our software and diagnostics trajectory. But that's the trajectory – and without giving – I'm not warning anything or saying anything about – third quarter's always squirrely. I mean we have vacations in the third quarter and so on. So you can't tell what sectors will be going in and out, because we have our franchisees going on vacations sometimes usually in the third quarter, Europe is on vacation. So it's hard for me to predict it for every quarter. But I can tell you, we feel very encouraged by the trajectory. And I'm not in any way trying to say that we're going to have a tepid third quarter or anything like that.
Tom L. Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay, great. And then just following up on the Tools Group, certainly there's a nice step up in operating margin both on a sequential and year-over-year basis. Being relatively new to the story, I was just wondering if there is anything unique in the quarter kind of one time that moved it up or does it just reflect continued strong growth in the RCI and maybe new tool roll outs?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yeah, it's all of those. Look, I think what's happened in the Tools Group is in the quarter – as you know, we focus on quarters, but the limited information – the limited indication of what's going on in the Tools Group though has been doing this for some time now. Like I said, the numbers are something like this, what, 11.2% this quarter organically, 12.9% the quarter before that, 11.8% the quarter before that, 6.2% the quarter before that, 6.6% the quarter before. So they're kind of – they've been growing at 6% plus for, as I said, 20 of the last 22 quarters in effect almost defying GDP gravity. And so they're learning, they've learned. This management team has been in a while. They're learning how to wield this capable, tremendous model even better, things like the Rock N' Roll cab, the TechKnow Express, learning what products, learning the power of garbing the power tools into the 95th anniversary, figuring out how to do that, figuring out how to do – that's the things that are occurring. And that when you marry it up with RCI, that allows you to do these things more effectively, allows you to drive profitability upwards as well as volume. One other thing is that – I think I've said this is that – one of the things that works for us, kind of a tailwind in a way is that we're a company that has complex product offerings, 65,000 SKUs and we keep turning out more, because we try to solve everybody's – we try to solve a wide array of problems well the idea of modern technology, 3D printing, finite element analysis, X-ray diffractometers that allows you to look more accurately at the metallurgy, the kinds of things we get out of – more accurately getting the information out of customer connection into the mark – into our innovation process; those kind of things accrue with amplified advantage to somebody who has a complex product line, you're seeing some of that.
Tom L. Hayes - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Hey, Gary.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Good morning, Gary.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Good morning. A couple of quick questions. Your emerging markets business, Nick, I don't think I either quoted or you said it, but what was the growth there? And what's the percentage of sales now out of emerging markets?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: It's 10%. And the growth was – well, it depends if you talk about Eastern Europe as emerging markets, right. Eastern Europe.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Right.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Right. Okay, so I mean. Yeah, okay, if you want to roll that in, it ain't so good but the thing is Asia-Pacific grew double-digits. So you can look at it that way. I think – we actually have some businesses that weren't so bad in Eastern Europe, but, generally, it was an element of pain this period. And I – so I think you could call that an offset. Asia, okay. Asia, okay. Middle East, if you want to call that emerging market, that was kind of weak. South America was okay, Chile was up, Argentina was up. So you kind of got a balance there, a cocktail of things. So let me just summarize. Asia-Pacific double-digits. I think South America, the South – the Latin American countries, the bigger ones for us were up more – kind of double-digity type stuff. Eastern Europe tough, down. And Middle East, down. So that's where we are. And you roll it all up, when you classify something reasonably, a rational man would classify as emerging markets 10% of our business.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you. And then, you – at times in the past you've talked that you try and do 40 plus products, new product introductions that generate over $1 million of sales. It just appears to be, from the last couple of calls that that number has increased. And could you comment on that?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Actually – go ahead, sorry.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: No, I was just going to add. I would assume that as newer cars proliferate, that is going to dictate to you – your company as to what new products you're going to come out with as the car part (57:39)?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: I agree. You're right. Actually, I agree. I think we have great opportunities. And the thing I've said is, the way we measure the effectiveness of our innovation process, one of the measures is the number of hit products, $1 million sellers in the first year of after first year of being on the market. And I think you and I have been in this conservation that we were four, five – in the last couple of years, we were four times, five times what we were just in 2006 and we keep pushing that envelop. It's not so much – I think we're getting better at doing that. It's not so much a number counting game it's getting better and they're having more impact and they're driving more sales and they're doing better things. Like – just like, I'll tell you what, it sounds like not so important. But the idea of the combo ratcheting wrench that will have a low profile, 25% more – 25% more strength, 95% more life, will get in smaller spaces, that one is going to be a great product for us, and people are so excited about it. People are saying that's the kind of thing we're – so I think we're not only bringing out a lot of them, bringing out better ones, because the whole product development process, we're more effective at it.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Thank you, Nick.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Okay, Gary.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Richard Hilgert with Morningstar.
Richard John Hilgert - Morningstar Research: Thanks. Thanks for taking my questions this morning. Congrats on the quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Thank you.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap-on Inc.: Good morning, Richard.
Richard John Hilgert - Morningstar Research: Just curious about – on the new product development side, we're seeing more and more penetration of things that are related to active safety and autonomous driving or assisted-driving automated systems, these kinds of things.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: We love it.
Richard John Hilgert - Morningstar Research: Yeah. I was just going to ask, are you already preparing for these kinds of things...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Yeah, we love that.
Richard John Hilgert - Morningstar Research: ...like what you're hearing from customers?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure. Because we love this thing. I mean, if you think about it, okay, autonomous driving. The thing is that – if they go to autonomous driving, there used to be an incredibly – before autonomous driving, there would be an incredibly complex computer system for any imprecisions on the car, that was called the human brain. Think about alignment for example, if the car was a little bit out of alignment, you could adjust the wheel a little bit. Now, if you have autonomous driving, let's say automatic parking, you better not be out of alignment, you're going to hit the parking meter. And so that's going to require many more procedures and more precise procedures and we're the company to give it to you. So we love those kinds of actions. And so we're thinking about it, particularly around anything around calibration very much helps you. And that's sort of the equipment business – that's why we're so excited about the new V2400 aligner, because it's kind of a downtown aligner which creates more accuracy and therefore fits right into this.
Richard John Hilgert - Morningstar Research: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap-on, Inc.: Sure.
Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-on, Inc.: Operator?
Operator: And with no questions in the queue, I'll turn it back over to our speakers for any comments or closing remarks.
Leslie H. Kratcoski - Snap-on, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Aaron, and thanks everyone for joining us today. A replay of the call will be available shortly on our website. And as always, we thank you for your interest in Snap-on. Have a good day. Bye.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. Everyone, we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie Kratcoski - Vice President, Investor Relations Nick Pinchuk - Chief Executive Officer Aldo Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tom Hayes - Northcoast Research Liam Burke - Wunderlich Joe Vruwink - Baird Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Richard Hilgert - Morningstar
Operator: Please standby, we are about to begin. Good day. And welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2015 First Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's first quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the Audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state -- management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everyone. As usual, I'll start with the highlights of our first quarter and along the way I will give you perspective on our results, our markets and on the progress we've made. Then, Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. I believe that our first quarter once again provide a strong evidence of Snap-on advancing along our runways for both growth and for improvement. Our EPS in the quarter was a $1.87, up from a $1.62 last year, that rise reflects an opco operating margin of 16.7%, an increase of 120 basis points. Combining those opco gains with earnings of $40.3 million from Financial Services brought Snap-on consolidated operating margins to 20.1%, compared to the 18.6% registered last year. Our operating improvement in the quarter came on organic sales growth of 9.9%. Overall, sales in the quarter were $827.8 million, a rise of 5.1% from the prior year and those gains include a significant unfavorable foreign currency translation of $38.5 million or 540 basis points. Now currencies headwind, it was last year, it’s likely to continue throughout the year and if the present rates hold, it will rise somewhat going forward. But we are very encouraged by organic growth in both volume and profitability, and we believe both represent a continuation of our strengthening position and capability and of the generally favorable business environment for each of our operating groups. For us the quarters result a testimony to the abundant opportunity along our runways for growth and of our ability to take advantage as conditions unfold. Like in past quarters, the environment surrounding our Automotive Repair related businesses, the Tools Group and RS&I, Group was generally positive. The changing technologies across the fleet continue to drive the need for new problem-solving products, making those markets robust. In that regard the Tools Group has enhanced our franchise network with van productivity and with innovative marketing taking clear advantage of the favorability to sell more to existing customers and to reach new customers, all on its way to strong growth. At the same time, RS&I is also growing, capitalizing on those positives and utilizing its broader product line to expand repair shop owners and managers. Now C&I, serving customers in critical industries and the most international of our groups does face more variations in the market. Its European operations are confronted with large differences across the business from the relatively calm U.K. to the turbulence in the Middle East to the challenges of Russia to the political uncertainties of newly elected governments in places like India and Indonesia. But it’s in past quarters, the opportunities outweigh those headwinds and when combined with our growing range of customer driven products and with our expanding capabilities aimed specifically at the needs of industries and customers, C&I again showed gains, extending in critical industries and building emerging markets. Besides advancements on our runways for growth, we also made progress on our runways for improvement with Snap-on value creation and safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement, our RCI as we call it. RCI has become a part of the fabric, a daily activity at Snap-on. You can see it in the results. OI margin is up and you can see it advance like our annual RCI conference held recently just down the road in Illinois, nearly 400 people, almost 40 best practice teams came together to share ides, buy for awards and celebrate their progress, bringing the learning and enthusiasm back home to the local teams. You can’t help but walk away from these events encouraged and convinced that there's great potential for further improvement. Well, that’s the environment. Of course, as it will always. There are headwinds. Market-to-market variations in difficult macros, but despite the challenges our operations moved significantly along each of our runways for both growth and improvement and you could see it throughout the numbers. Now let's move to the segments, in the C&I Group, organic sales were up 9.8% with contributions coming from our European, U.S. and Asian operations. From an earnings perspective, C&I operating income of $44 million, increased $4.9 million or 12.5% and that represents our margin rate for C&I of 14.8%, an expansion of 130 basis points. SNA Europe again recorded volume growth. This time similar to that achieved by RCI -- by C&I overall, brought gains in many of our markets, led by selling strength and by products that generate real enthusiasm. But SNA Europe improvement in the quarter goes beyond sales growth and far those gains made from past restructuring. Our initiative to improve productivity with focus on both costs and product development are clearly evident in the operations achievements and you can see it again this quarter. Organic sales were up, but profits, profits were up more. Illustrating the power of RCI even in the European environment that remains challenged. Industrial division was also part of the C&I rise. It grew in a number of critical industries, areas like power generation, mining, railroads and the military, as everybody knows, the military sector remains uncertain. But having said that, we have made the most of the opportunities available, this time the opening arose with the changing roles of various units as the troops are redeployed back to the allied states. Actually, that’s a major theme for our first quarter, making the most of the opportunities as they arise mid to turbulence. Another big factor and again in critical industry were expanded product offerings targeted at practical workplace needs. One new example in the recent quarter was the with the PDX series of air drills, ideal for the aviation industry, made in our Murphy, North Carolina plant, these pneumatic drills are using application ranging from light assembly to metalwork, perfect for drilling ferrous and nonferrous metal, plastics and composite materials, the kind of versatility that’s so helpful in aviation application. And the feeterrable trigger provides outstanding control and unparallel run out performance offering great accuracy. Beside utility of the tool, the low sound, low vibration, soft grip and aluminum housing offers maximum comfort with reduced operator fatigue. Another attractive feature in the workplace to ease the professional’s task and enable more consistency throughout the day. These drills are especially usual. One performing important repair work on damaged aircraft still, an application that must be critical in nature. We believe we have another industry winner, the PDX drill, a Superior Aviation tool consistent with Snap-on name. Our industrial division also has driven growth by leveraging the Snap-on RCI experience. Participating in several customer-sponsored lean events right on customer’s side, side-by-side with the customer’s local team. Snap-on people sharing their experiences and insight of rapid continuous, improving, helping customers solve their problems but all the -- problem -- but all the while, gaining deeper practical understanding of the crucial task in critical industries, creating opportunities to tailor our products to the work and to drive more sales. We say we help professionals in solving the critical, RCI is becoming a tool to do just that. Our Asia-Pacific division also posted higher activity, registering progress, building the physicals and limiting the impact of the economic difficulties in Japan. I was just there, attending our annual reseller’s conference this year within C&I in China, bringing together enthusiastic Snap-on associates and resellers from all across the region. New Asian-ized products were introduced. Training seminars were conducted and the group's enthusiasm confirmed our extended opportunities in Asia-Pacific. That’s C&I. Now on with the Tools Group. Organic sales up 12.9%, solid grow in all geographies. The groups operating earnings of $59.8 million represented a margin rate of 15.8%, up 150 basis points for the Tools Group. The results continue to speak for themselves. They clearly demonstrate ongoing progress along one of our runways for coherent growth, enhancing the franchise channel and there is abundant evidence of the strength of positive trajectory of that channel. It is stated clearly in our franchisee metrics, financial and physical and poor indicators of network health likes sales per band and franchisee turnover. We monitor them closely and they are favorable across the board. In our direct interactions with the franchisees, the meetings like 2015 kickoffs held all over the network earlier in the year. They were marked by -- I can tell you they were marked by enthusiasm and optimism by commitment and energy, gatherings of entrepreneurs and professionals confident in reaching higher. Our Snap-on value creation process, the process is also critical components of the Tools Group progress. Innovative new products, many of these launched from the customer connections we observed on a daily basis. Those solutions, those products are significant players in driving the group’s upward trajectory. An example is the KRL1163 Tool Storage Cab with the power tool organizer system based on customer connections made on our Rock N Roll Express bands. This model transforms the bottom drawer of the box into a customized secure, easy to access storage system for frequently used power tools. It’s a feature that can make technicians work easier. Visitors to our Rock N Roll Cab highlighted the need, our design teams made it a reality, customer connection to innovation to winning product. Speaking of tool storage, this summer marks our 95th year in business. We’ve just launched a special set of tool storage box, highlighting our long tradition of excellence with unique anniversary panel and custom red trim etched with the years, 1920 and 2015. The new units also offer the Snap-on echo remote locking system, another customer connection driven option that we’re confident will be quite popular. These special anniversary boxes are already gathering -- generating considerable excitement on the advance and in the shops. Lots of excitement around these blocks. And we believe there will be strong sellers, clear testimony on the strength of the Snap-on brand and on the bond between Snap-on and professionals. More innovation can be seen on product like the new Snap-on half inch drive 3 six-inch breaker bar, the SHN-36 originally developed from customer connections of the heavy duty mechanics desiring more -- a longer handle for increased leverage. The addition of a soft grip provides added control on comfort and that’s a premium when you're removing tires or adjusting tracks on construction and agricultural equipment, a loosening head bolts on large engine, a much improved product that will make work easier, innovation even on the most established product line. Finally, I want to mention the Tools Group efforts with RCI. Progress, I think, it’s clearly evident in the financials but to double down on a testimony, I spoke before of our annual RCI conference. While a team from Tools was awarded the grand champion at this year's event. The Tools Group rework center for their work on substantially reducing turnaround time, highlighting that at Snap-on. The shop floor has no monopoly on RCI. And illustrating that even an experienced organization like the Tools Group potential RCI opportunities abound up and down throughout and across the business. And we can’t talk about the Tools Group without speaking of its strategic partner about our financial services organization. With each quarters Snap-on Credit becomes more attuned just what programs can best aid our franchisees. And the first quarter demonstrated that progress clearly portfolio growth, profits up over 70% and all the while holding delinquencies to a relatively low level. Snap-on Credit, a greatest historic tools business, and you can see that relationship play out in the positive trend. Now let’s move to RS&I. The first quarter organic sales for RS&I rose 6.3%, broad gains with both OEM dealerships and with independent shops. Operating earnings of $63.9 million were up $5.8 million. The operating margin of 23.5% rose 140 basis points. I’ve spoken often in the past about our line of successful handheld diagnostic units and they continue to drive growth and excitement in the independent repair space. And the first quarter was no exception with our VERUS PRO and MODI’s ultra unit being recognized by undercar digest in this year’s list of top 10 tools, continuing our strength of award-winning products with that publication. Undercar digest bases its selection on the votes of actual users. The award confirms that our handheld diagnostics resonate strongly with professionals. And it demonstrates the power of customer connection and innovation in generating unique productivity solutions. That’s what these stools are about. The VERUS PRO and MODI’s Ultra, they are also key components of our next generation advanced diagnostic work stations, launched in February. These new work stations include handheld diagnostic unit in docking station, a flat screen monitor and accustomed Snap-on tool box. They provide comprehensive diagnostic support to fix cars accurately and quickly and they go a long way in reinforcing the shops images having strong professional capability in the electronics arena, a feature we believe is of significant value to many independent garages as they strive to build customer confidence in this environment of rising vehicle technology. With more than 800 workstation sold since the launch, this is another one of our hit products with over $1 million in first year sales. And it’s another add to our growing track record of innovation success and it’s driving sales progress. Our equipment division also registered gains in the quarter with several national account in part exceeding by highlighting our expanding product bundle, including challenger lifts, Pro-Cut on-car brake lathes as well as the new undercar equipment and broad diagnostic offerings. Snap-on equipment increased productivity for the automotive repair shop networks and advantage rooted in our expanded and enhanced line of products. Finally, we continue to see further progress with our Nexiq heavy-duty and fleet information systems, as well as progress with the improved functionality and comprehensive content contained in Mitchell1’s ProDemand and SureTrack products. All are differentiating offerings that lead to more business. Armed with those products, we achieved a number of multi-location customer wins in the quarter, displacing competitors and gaining traction across the marketplace. Snap-on innovates in the information products, unique database solution, effective navigation systems with speed to repair, all emphasizing our growing strength in vehicle information and they helped drive RS&I sales again this quarter. So that’s the highlights. Significant progress was made in the quarter. Organic sales rise 9.9%, along all our runways for coherent growth. EPS of a $1.87, up 15.4%. Gains achieved through our Snap-on value creation processes, RCI and customer connections especially shinning through, strengthening our business and driving to a 16.7% opco operating margin, up 120 basis points. It was an encouraging quarter. Now, I will turn the call over to Aldo.
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks Nick. Our first quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on slide 6. Net sales of $827.8 million in the quarter were up 9.9% organically, reflecting broad-based growth across all of our operating segments. On a reported basis, net sales including $38.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation increased $40.3 million or 5.1% from 2014 levels. As you know, Snap-on has significant international operations and is subject to foreign currency translation fluctuations. Largely due to the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar, foreign currency movements adversely impacted our year-over-year sales comparisons by approximately 540 basis points. Consolidated gross profit of $410.1 million increased $31.4 million from 2014 levels. The gross margin of 49.5% in the quarter improved 140 basis points, primarily due to benefits from higher sales, lower restructuring costs and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $272.2 million increased $15.2 million, largely due to higher volume related and other expenses, partially offset by savings from RCI initiatives. The operating expense margin of 32.8% increased 20 basis points from 2014 levels. No restructuring costs were incurred in the first three months of 2015. Last year, we incurred $2 million dollars of restructuring costs. Pension expense in the quarter was approximately $2 million higher as compared to the prior year, reflecting updated pension plan assumptions for 2015, which include the effects of lower discount rates as well as increased life expectancies. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before Financial Services of $137.9 million in the quarter, including $6.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased $16.2 million from prior year levels and as a percentage of sales improved 120 basis points to 16.7%. Financial Services revenue of $57.4 million in the quarter increased 14.3% from 2014 levels, while operating earnings of $40.3 million increased 17.2%. The increases in both revenue and operating earnings primarily reflect the continued growth of the Financial Services portfolio. Consolidated operating earnings of $178.2 million in the quarter, including $6.9 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased $22.1 million or 14.2%. And the operating margin of 20.1% improved 150 basis points from 18.6% the year ago. Our first quarter effective income tax rate of 32%, compared with 31.6% last year. Finally, net earnings of $110.5 million or a $1.87 per diluted share increased $14.6 million or $0.25 per share, representing a 15.4% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now, let’s turn to our segment results, starting with the Commercial & Industrial or C&I Group on slide seven. Sales of $297.5 million in the quarter were up 9.8% organically, primarily reflecting similar sales strength both in critical industries and in our European-based hand tools business. Gross profit in the C&I group totaled $116.5 million in the quarter and a gross margin of 39.2% improved 40 basis points from 2014 levels, largely due to savings from RCI initiatives primarily in Europe. Operating expenses of $72.5 million in the quarter decreased $1.1 million and the operating expense margin of 24.4% improved 90 basis points, largely due to sales volume leverage. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for C&I segment of $44 million including $1.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased $4.9 million from 2014 levels and the operating margin of 14.8% improved 130 basis points. Turning now to slide eight. First quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $378.2 million increased 12.9% organically, reflecting comparable sales gains in both the company's U.S. and international franchise operations. Gross profit of a $166.3 million increased $18.3 million from 2014 levels and the gross margin of 44% improved 90 basis points, primarily due to benefits from higher sales. Operating expenses of $106.5 million increased $7.7 million from 2014 levels, mostly due to higher volume related expenses. The operating expense margin of 28.2% improved 60 basis points, principally due to sales volume leverage. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $59.8 million, including $3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased $10.6 million and the operating margin of 15.8% improved 150 basis points. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information or RS&I Group showed on slide nine. Sales of $272.3 million in the quarter increased 6.3% organically from 2014 levels. The organic sales increase primarily reflects a high single-digit gain and sales of undercar equipment, as well as mid-single-digit gains in both sales to OEM dealerships and the sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers. Gross profit of $127.3 million increased $9.3 million over 2014 levels and gross margin of 46.8% improved 190 basis points, principally due to savings from RCI and other cost reduction initiatives and $2 million of lower restructuring costs. Operating expenses totaled $63.4 million in the quarter and operating expense margin of 23.3% increased 50 basis points, largely due to operating expenses of Pro-Cut, which was acquired in May of last year. First quarter operating earnings for the RS&I group of $63.9 million, including $2.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects increased $5.8 million or 10% from prior year levels. And the operating margin of 23.5% improved 140 basis points. Now turning to slide 10. In the first quarter, operating earnings from Financial Services of $40.3 million on revenue of $57.4 million, compared with operating earnings of $34.4 million on revenue of $50.2 million last year. The average yield on finance receivables of 17.7% in the quarter, compared with 17.5% last year. And the average yield on contract receivables was 9.5% in both periods. Originations of $230.7 million increased 14.2% from 2014 levels. Moving to slide 11. As of quarter-end, our balance sheet includes approximately $1.4 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.2 billion from our U.S. Snap-on credit operation. Approximately 80% of our U.S. financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. During the quarter, our worldwide finance portfolio grew approximately $23 million. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continued to be in line with our expectations. Now turning to slide 12. Cash provided by operations of $78.1 million in the quarter decreased $10.2 million from comparable 2014 levels as higher net earnings in 2015 were more than offset by net increases in operating assets and liabilities, largely as a result of $15 million discretionary domestic pension plan contribution as well as higher tax related payments in the current year. Net cash used by investing activities of $59.5 million included $38.6 million to fund a net increase in finance receivables. Capital expenditures of $18.1 million in the quarter were comparable to the prior year. Turning to slide 13. Days sales outstanding for trade receivables of 60 days compared with 61 days at 2014 year-end. Inventories increased $6.8 million from 2014 year-end levels, primarily to support continued higher customer demand and new product introductions. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.6 compared with 3.7 turns at 2014 year-end. Our quarter-end cash position of $114.4 million decreased $18.5 million from 2014 year-end levels. The net decrease includes the impact of funding $198.8 million of new finance receivables, the repurchase of 340,000 shares for $49.7 million, dividend payments of $30.9 million, and capital expenditures of $18.1 million. These cash decreases were partially offset by $160.2 million of cash from collections of finance receivables, $78.1 million of cash generated from operations, and $22.8 million of cash from a net increase in short-term borrowings. Our net debt-to-cap ratio of 27.6% compared with 26.3% at 2014 year-end. In addition to our $114 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities. And our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access commercial paper markets. At first quarter-end, we had $52.5 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. This concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. Now, I will turn the call over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. As our first quarter similar to our other quarters, growth and improvement, EPS of $1.87, up 15.4%. Once again, there were headwinds, varying economies, fluctuating currencies, and political unrest, but we overcame by finding and making the most of the opportunities. We made significant progress along our runways for growth, driven by new products and new customers, enhance the band channel. Tools Group organic sales up 12.9%. And we believe the network has never been stronger, expand with repair shop owners and managers, RS&I organic sales up 6.3%. OEM, dealerships, and independent shops capturing new customers with the growing product bundle, extend the critical industries and build in emerging markets. C&I organics sales up 9.8%, SNA Europe progressing against the economic tied, our critical industry team building our understanding of those critical workplaces, launching new products aimed at those tasks and gaining position. Once again, again this quarter we clearly saw the effects of Snap-on value creation, advancing down our runway for improvement. OI margin improvements are more than a 100 basis point in every group and an overall opco margin of 16.7%, an increase of 120 basis points. It was an encouraging quarter. We believe it serves as more testimony, great testimony that our business models have the strength, our runways offer the opportunity, and our teams have the capability to continue to trend positive progress as we move forward even amid headwind. Before I turn the call over to the operator, it’s appropriate that I mention our franchisees and associates. I know many of you are listening today. The encouraging performance of the first quarter and the positive trends are continuing due to your contribution and commitment. For the result you’ve authored, you have my congratulations and for your dedication and support to our team, have my thanks. Now, I will turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Tom Hayes with Northcoast Research.
Tom Hayes: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my questions.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Tom.
Tom Hayes: Just wondering specifically on the C&I Group great organic growth. I was just wondering if there are any industries that maybe outperformed your expectations. And then correlated to that, just wondering about your exposure maybe to oil and gas market as they kind of have some challenges right now?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Look, I expect good news in every market, every quarter I think because we are not -- thing is we are in early days in penetrating critical industry. It’s an aspect of coherent growth that what we’re doing there is duplicating what we have done for automotive repair technicians all these years. We are doing it for other people and other industries you know observing work and making it easier with just the right tools, whether it’s software or hardware. And so an element of that is learning about the industry. So it’s early days. Now we have very industries in there, aviation, the military, oil and gas, power generation, mining. One of the advantages of this is we don’t really have much [indiscernible] in the way of share in these businesses. So therefore each quarter rise and falls not so much on the effect of the industry, just on our own performance. So we have lumpiness from section to section or from industry to industry. In this particular quarter, we actually saw fine performance in places like I said in my power generation, mining, railroad, the military. The military was up this time because we were able to see opportunities. Aviation is a big business in that area. And oil and gas actually was up, even slightly in this quarter. So we saw the usual lumpiness from operation to operation, but the critical industry business really is the driver behind C&I and you see the C&I growth across those segments. So I didn’t see any particular surprises. I guess if you are looking at our business, you might say, ghee, they grew in oil and gas, even though the market was weak. My view was we don’t have that biggest share in oil and gas. Therefore, we can grow against weak markets.
Tom Hayes: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color. Just one kind of follow-up question. I was just wondering on the -- how much share repurchase authorization you still have?
Aldo Pagliari: We’re having about $215 million.
Tom Hayes: Okay. Thank you for the questions.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: We will take our next question from Liam Burke with Wunderlich.
Liam Burke: Thank you. Good morning, Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Liam. How are you doing?
Liam Burke: I am fine. Thanks. The organic growth of the Snap-on Tool segment is pretty strong, closer to the high-single digits. A lot higher than more of a mid-single digit expectation, what's driving that incremental growth?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think what’s driving it is, is that the Tools Group team is understanding how to enable the franchisees that we have in various places. We have 4,800 worldwide. We have 3,478, I think in the United States are van. And they are learning quarter-by-quarter how to do it better. And that’s allowing to sell more to same customers and reach other customers, which they had on their routes but they hadn’t been calling on. So the effects of these, I think maybe threefold. One effect is I think we’ve talked about it many times. I think they’re very cleverly breaking through the natural boundaries of that model by adding space with a Rock N' Roll Cabs and you can see it in the progression of the tool storage and breaking through the time by adding a help with things like the TechKnow vans. Now I think, we have 66, 67 of Rock N' Roll -- 66 Rock N' Roll vans throughout the world now and we have now up to 35 TechKnow vans, that’s about four since last quarter. And so you can see breaking that natural boundary is helping. Secondly, Boy, we’re using as much as possible. We using as much as possible our customer connection. We spent a lot of time in the shops and we’re organizing that process and getting that information back into the innovation process and rolling out new products, like that 36-Inch Breaker Bar. People might look at that and say, what’s that? It’s just a long bar. But the idea was -- it wasn’t really available in the marketplace and the ones that were available aren’t as comfortable. Innovation doesn’t have to be earth shattering. It just has to make work easier in this space and the Tools Group is understanding how to do that.  And then thirdly, they’re looking at the franchisee and saying, we know your time is valuable. We’re going to make it better. We’re going to drive RCI into the vans and that’s all resulting in this kind of thing. Their numbers were up 12.8% in the quarter, 12.9% in the quarter, 11.8% the quarter before that, 6% the quarter before that, 6.6% the quarter before that and 6% before that. In fact, 19 of the last 20 quarters, they’ve been 6% or above. And that’s -- what’s driving it all is tuning that business. It’s kind of a -- if you step back and you look at the auto repair you would say, it’s going to go better than GDP. 4% to 6% is what we say. But if you have capability that resonates with those franchisees like they figured out, you would see these kinds of numbers.
Liam Burke: And you touched on RCI across all businesses. They were providing incremental profitability along with volume increases. Can you push RCI in a similar fashion to the van channel?
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. That’s what we’re doing. We’re putting RCI into the vans drivers. Now, things like -- I think I’ve mentioned this before on the corporate things like when you repair a ratchet, repairing a ratchet was taking 15 minutes every ratchet. Sometimes, I was on vans where people brought on four ratchets to be repaired at one stop that would have killed the route that day. But we have tools, kind of just like a factory. We are laying it out like a factory, like our van drivers can repair within three or four minutes now and number of things like that, so taking RCI, looking at the van, doing value stream mapping on the van and reducing the time. Adding to their selling time is part of the process, which is allowing them to reach out to more customers. That’s exactly what we’ve been doing. Thanks for that question.
Liam Burke: Thanks Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Leiker with Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Hi. Good morning. This is Joe Vruwink for David.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi Joe.
Aldo Pagliari: Hey, Joe.
Joe Vruwink: Maybe staying with the Tools Group for a second, any products in the catalogue that’s become kind of logical extensions of this recent company-owned van strategy? I should say….
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t feel so. I think -- not any particular product. I don't think -- I'm sure I could go through launching of new products and find those that came from a company-owned store driver but only around customer connection. We have the van driver itself is the guy or an employee goes out there and he reports back as part and he gives us leads for new tool as part of the company-owned store and that flows back. But we don't really differentiate between a lead from a company-owned store and a franchisees. But in my remarks, you might have heard the whole idea of the power tool draw organizer at the bottom -- at the tool storage box. That came from the Rock 'N Roll Cab and their company stores. They are not selling but their company stores are rolling there. People got on those Rock 'N Roll Cabs and they start talking about boy, wouldn’t it be good if we had a power tool organizer at the bottom in one of these drawers. We got that idea. We gave it to the engineers, they put it in place and we’re rolling out this new product and it’s looking to be a good seller. So that’s an example. I guess the only thing is if you have the company owned stores, they just add the flow of ideas back from the field, the customer connection that comes back from the field.
Joe Vruwink: Yeah. So I guess, my question was more oriented towards the Rock 'N Roll Cab and the TechKnow van put really a spotlight on particular things. Is there some extension of that strategy that you can keep rolling out across the Tools Group?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, we only have 35 TechKnow vans now. We actually added a couple Rock 'N Roll Cabs in the last quarter, so that’s growing much more slowly. But we added four TechKnow vans, so they may continue to grow some. Whether we add another extension, we may have some ideas but I don't think I'm going to pre-announce them on the call here. I think that’s the magic and the magicians are trying to find out more techniques and activities or programs that would expand the power of the franchisee. See, I think, one of the things, Joe, I just want to point out. Part of the -- really what the Tools Group has done is they figured out that these vans, these franchisee are a great resource, they are better then anybody else. And they figured out how to help them, be more powerful and amplify that power of that rolling retail space and that really capable and committed entrepreneur that's driving it. And we’re going to do more of that, but I’m not about to announce any more of that.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Fair enough. And then switching gears over to the profitability and RS&I this quarter. You call out a few product areas that I would normally think are a bit lower margin within that segment, yet the margins improved year-over-year. Has RCI kind of neutralized thinking about that business in terms of software being sold or equipment being sold from an EBIT margin standpoint?
Nick Pinchuk: As I said many times in these calls, our RS&I is the hardest to characterize from a margin perspective. Yes, we had good growth in things like equipments, which tends to be lower margin. But you know, we had a good quarter in software that offset it. Our software is rolling. When I go out and talk to people, they love our diagnostics. In many cases, they’re solving problems three or four times faster than anybody else -- three to four times faster than anybody else and the software is up. So that’s good stuff. Our Mitchell1 Information business and our Diagnostics and Independent Garages are pretty robust. And okay, equipments growing, but those two things are relatively imbalanced. So I don't think we saw a lot of mix in those numbers except for maybe the acquisition might have been there a little. Now the story of 140 basis points in, I think its 140 basis points in RS&I is we had about 50 and 60 of RCI, and we had – I think we had 70 or 80 of restructuring because last year we had a big restructuring dial up in there. So that’s how you can kind of way you look at that. But still a pretty big dial up of RCI, plus you don’t want to no mistake about this even though the equipment the lower margin business are growing so as the software.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Great. I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: Good morning, everybody.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi, Garry.
Aldo Pagliari: Hi, Garry.
Gary Prestopino: Good. All right. Nick, it’s the inevitable question on margins and just looking at the gross margin, I think that gross margin you reported in Q1 was probably the highest that it’s been for quite some time? And I was just wondering if there were something in there that got it about 49% or is -- one time deal or are we at a new kind of sustainable level here, so if you could directly you could talk about that?
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Look, I don’t -- we don’t spend a lot of time agonizing over the difference between gross margin and OE, I kind of test the operations to drive their operating income and I tend to focus on that much more. And what we said is, is that, we believe that we have both run ways for growth and improvement that accrues operating income and from quarter-to-quarter they accrue, those two things accrue in different proportion between gross margin and operating expense. So I wouldn’t call the gross margin necessarily breakthrough, but there’s nothing special in there this quarter. So there is nothing really -- there’s no real -- I don’t think there’s any real onetime event or anything like that. Really I mean you saw you saw our currency numbers in the quarter I think you, our sales were -- what was it 38.5% in currency and about 6.9% in OI and we are -- we have currency headwinds one of the current rate stays the same those will rise. But on the other hand we believe that that's sort of arithmetic, well, we are so enthusiastic about our operating opportunities and you can see it in this quarter the operating opportunities worked out. Currencies are going to go up and down, but the operating gains are going to stay with us forever and we view the 16.7% as being part of that.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. That's fair. And then Europe I’ve been reading that new car registrations are up? It seems that Europe starting to get some traction? And I think you said your European hand tools business topline was up commensurate with C&I? So -- the cadence has been that you’ve moved on a quarterly basis over the last couple of quarters from low single-digit to mid single-digit to high single-digit growth in the…
Nick Pinchuk: It hasn’t been that -- I don’t think it’s been that thinking about it back here, I have to go back and look it. But I don’t think it’s been that sort of straight lines, but if you looked that it over say like eight quarters or something like that you probably see some kind of movement. I think what happens this order is basically some of our activities are paying off associated with new product development. We do have some new products that are exciting the customers you can create enthusiasm even in what I consider to be a relatively dead market in Europe. New car sales usually doesn’t help us that much, except for the fact that, except for the broader fact that new car sales probably accompanying a more positive economy. It is true though that we made -- I think encouraging gains in selling in Europe. We -- France and Germany which had been a drag in the last couple of quarters. In fact they were down in the last couple of quarters, they were up this quarter and we continued with the Nordic countries and we had some business in Turkey, of course, Eastern Europe was week, so and Spain was up off of a relatively low base. So we kind of saw -- we kind of saw the same progress in Europe that we’ve seen in other quarters, except we started making progress in France and Germany. Eastern Europe is kind of dead right now and Russia is difficult so on. So that’s kind of -- so I guess you could be entitled for the idea, Europe got a somewhat better. But profits were even better, very strong performance because of the effects of RCI.
Gary Prestopino: That's great news. And then lastly, as I just look at this, the reported revenues and the unfavourable currency translation, if I add back the impact of currency translation and then say you had about 25% of your sales are based internationally. Is that correct?
Nick Pinchuk: A little more than that. I think it’s -- let me see I think it’s about, what is it like 35%, yes 35% is international.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Because I was getting -- I was getting a currency hit of somewhere between 17% drag on the numbers from a 25% contributions, so it’s 35%, it’s still going to be about 10% to 12% hit. And I am just wondering were the -- was the euro down that much that it caused that kind of drag on the numbers, or is my math wrong?
Nick Pinchuk: The euro was down. We have several currencies that impact us on a translation basis. You’ve got -- first of all, you got the euro and then you got the pound and then you’ve got the Canadian dollar. If you look at that and actually when I said 35%, it’s -- I was embracing our northern neighbours here and I was using Canada. If you just look at the United States, talk about, maybe think of Canada, it’s international which is somehow I don’t really always, it’s 40% outside the United States, so Canada is in there. So you see those kinds of variations.
Gary Prestopino: Okay.
Nick Pinchuk: I mean, basically, one of those companies that is in current -- we are affected by currency, but we have some good -- some reasonable natural hedges from transaction because we tend to make in the markets where we sell.
Gary Prestopino: Right. That's the next question I was going to get to. You have those natural hedges, so...
Nick Pinchuk: No, not in everything, but we are not immune. Certain like this we are currency resistant from a transaction point of view, but we are not immune. So we don’t bring our hands over it. We see it coming like I said clearly we had currency -- we had currency last year actually. We’ve got it this year. If the rates stay where they or rise some, but it doesn’t affect our operating activity because we know that that 16.7% is going to stay with us, that 12.9% is going to stay with us, that 9.8% is going to stay with us.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you very much.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Hilgert with Morningstar.
Richard Hilgert: Thanks for taking my questions. Good morning, everybody.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning, Richard.
Richard Hilgert: I was looking at the currency impact a little bit differently. I added back the currency impacts to each one of the revenues for each of the groups, and then also added back the negative impact for currency for each one of their operating results.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes.
Richard Hilgert: The year-over-year increase or expansion in margin, excluding currency, was 140 basis points. When I did all those add backs, I came up with an expansion that was just about 10 basis points less than that at about 130, which is still a fantastic performance. But I'm curious, is that because -- correct me if I am wrong, but isn’t C&I a little bit more of the mix when you add back the currencies and that's why the expansion wasn't quite as much when you take into consideration the currency?
Nick Pinchuk: I’ll tell you this. I’ll tell you this is that in our numbers 120 basis points for our calculation, no effective currency in that 120. In other words, it all balances out at the corporate level. At the corporate level, it all balances out. So we don't really -- at a margin level, at a margin rate level. So the 16.7% from our perspective is basically all RCI, it’s pretty much – it’s got bad news from pension, it’s got bad news from pension and so on, and it’s primarily RCI and volume productivity.
Richard Hilgert: Yes. No matter how you slice it, it’s still a great performance.
Nick Pinchuk: It’s got a little bit of restructuring good news, offsetting pension and the rest is productivity, currency doesn’t come in there. But if you go by the various groups, C&I it’s helped a little bit on the margin rate basis, not on an absolute basis by currency. Tools Group being, Tools Group would -- if they didn’t have currency, Tools Group would be much more -- it would have been more than 150 basis points. And our C&I a little bit of currency. But that’s way it kind of works out.
Richard Hilgert: Okay. And then on the hand tools side, since we’ve had improving economic conditions for the last three, four years now, have you see an increase in the number of garages opening up in the United States. Is that all sold out?
Nick Pinchuk: No. Technician population is probably growing at about 1.3% for government work that would be the number. But the garages, in fact, if anything, if anything actually, depending how far back you go, the dealerships have shrunk. I think the dealerships were about 21,000 before recession, now that it’s 17 or 18. So they have shrunk. The independents have stayed about the same. The independent have taken more share since that’s started before the recession. That seems to may be, now this state always trail. So that’s kind of levelled off a lot of people think now. But I think there hasn’t been a big change in the characteristics, except the independents are becoming more sophisticated, because they have the deal with the changing technologies. 20 years ago there were 50 engines codes on a car, now there is 5,000 engine codes. It’s hard to fix the car without the diagnostic unit now, and we have the best one. And so we are selling them to technicians now, not just the garages and so that’s helping drive our business. So that technology change in the independent space, that’s why we talked about the diagnostic workstation because the independent garages know that people know their cars are more like spaceships these days. And they want to bring them to people who could fix and therefore this diagnostic unit makes it look like wow, this is big computer unit that can fix the car, helps fix the car and it grows confidence. And actually, it helps in terms of accuracy. So, if anything, we’re seeing a greater demand of our product in the independent shops and other shops because of the change in technology, that’s’ the big change.
Richard Hilgert: Okay. Great. And then with respect to your comments about Europe and new car sales in what that means, in terms of hand tool sales over there. Just noticing Western Europe trailing 12 months, new car sales are up about 6%, Eastern Europe however, those, is up about 10%. They were up as much as 15% back about, around the third quarter of last year. But that growth rate is kind of steadily got down a bit. They are still tracking year-over-year increases. So I’m kind of curious, it makes sense that France and Germany, you’re doing better. The industry is doing better in general in those two countries. But I'm surprised that the Eastern Europe hasn’t really kept up with the expansion of the new-car demand, any comments about that?
Nick Pinchuk: The new car demand is down in Eastern Europe, right.
Richard Hilgert: No. I mean, it’s still up.
Nick Pinchuk: It’s still up. But for us new cars don’t matter. I mean, I think, I’ve said that, because the new car sales are almost always -- except in emerging markets place like China and India so on. There is almost always small compared to the installed base to the car part. Consider the U.S. $16 million cars, North America, 17 million 18 million cars sold. There is a 300 million on the road. It’s like a fly spec almost, the new cars, compared to those on the roads So doesn’t really move our business that much up and down and sort of a shortly basis. In terms of Eastern Europe, I think, I would just suggest you that I'm not really sure what’s going on in the Eastern Europe, it’s a cocktail of different countries. So it’s really hard to say, I mean, you see Russia being so weak. On the other hand, our business is up in Poland, for example, if you include that in Eastern Europe.
Richard Hilgert: Yeah. I do.
Nick Pinchuk: So it’s hard to make much prediction about that. I think this is just one of those turbulent things that where traditional economics don't always work in every period.
Richard Hilgert: Okay. And just for clarification on new car sales, it would impact you from the perspective of the new diagnostics in the new tools that have to come out of the service new vehicle, right?
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Richard Hilgert: Okay.
Nick Pinchuk: But that’s a longer wave event. In other words, you’re right, Richard, but the next year isn’t that much different. It changes some, and so people need to adjust for that. But these things work through over time. I was reacting to the idea that people say while new car sales were up in the first quarter therefore your business is going to be better. I don’t think so. It doesn’t affect us that much.
Richard Hilgert:
.:
Nick Pinchuk: It’s much longer.
Richard Hilgert: And the last question for Aldo. The financial services business, the receivables debt year-over-year keeps growing at the low double-digit numbers, despite the lower revenue on the single-digit numbers. Any comments on how come we’re still seeing so much more growth, I thought that the financial services business was pretty much penetrated for being a captive now?
Aldo Pagliari: Richard, just to remind you, most of the activity in financial services actually about 94% to 95% of, it really reflects activity in the Snap-on Tools Group. So if you look at on Snap-on Tools Group performance, again it was, I think, organically 12 plus percent, 12.9%. And I think, what you’re seeing when you look at the originations of 14.2 on the topline for full year growth, you seeing it really reflective of the Tools Group and the Financial Services penetration of their sale of not just big-ticket items, but a variety of the product that they sell. So overtime it will mirror that and I think if you look back, it’s rather consistent with Tools Groups performance over the last several quarters.
Richard Hilgert: Okay. Are they doing more in RS&I at this point?
Aldo Pagliari: Above the same level. I mean, we are growing with RS&I at about the same level. The biggest different has been the reflection of the Tools Group.
Richard Hilgert: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
Nick Pinchuk: Thank you.
Aldo Pagliari: Take care.
Operator: And there are no more questions over the phone. So at this time, I’d like to turn the conference back over to our host for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie Kratcoski: Great. Thanks everyone for joining us today. A replay of the call will be available shortly and as always we thank you for your interest in Snap-on. Good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Vice President of Investor Relations Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Aldo J. Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Hannah, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's fourth quarter and full year financial results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise statements on management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everybody. I'll start with the highlights of our fourth quarter and our year. I'll give you my perspective on the results, on the markets and on the progress we've made. Then, Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. The results of our fourth quarter were encouraging with sales increases and profit gains across our businesses, continuing our positive trend. We had opportunities, and we had headwinds. We took advantage of those opportunities, and we overcame the headwinds. The result was organic sales growth of 9.8%. If we include a $5.7 million contribution from Pro-Cut and $21.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation, overall sales in the quarter were $857.4 million, a rise of 7.5%. Our EPS was $1.97, up 23.1% from the $1.60 in 2013. And that rise reflects an opco operating margin of 16.9%, an increase of 140 basis points. Financial service earnings of $42.2 million in the quarter were also up significantly. And the consolidated operating margin, including both Financial Services and opco, reached 20.4%, an improvement of 190 basis points compared to the 18.5% of last year. Looking at our markets. The automotive repair-related segments continue to be favorable, driven of course by expanding and aging car parts and year-after-year technology changes, all driving demand for our product. The Tools Group and the Repair Systems & and Information, or the RS&I, Group took advantage with volume growth by our van network and gains in OEM dealerships in independent repair shops confirming the progress. But we also had opportunities rooted in our expanding capabilities and product lineup for the critical industries and in growing physical strength in emerging markets, areas within the Commercial & Industrial, or C&I Group, arenas that were challenged by a variety of headwinds, fluctuating currencies and macroeconomic turbulence in places like Eastern Europe, Japan, Indonesia and even the core of Western Europe. Despite those challenges, C&I results were quite positive. Higher volumes and favorable trends continued in our Industrial division, progress across a range of critical industries. And in a range of specific operations, the quarter was a period of clear progress, adding to our growing strength in that region. Another feature of the quarter is that military activity was stronger. I think if you've been listening to these calls, all of you know that the critical -- that critical segment has been quite turbulent. In fact, the way forward is still unclear. A significant level of budget uncertainty does remain, and it's difficult to predict the military environment for any extended period. However, in the last quarter, we did make the most of the available opportunities and registered considerable military growth. It added to C&I's positive trend. So to wrap up the broad discussion of the markets, I'd summarize the situation as generally positive across our businesses. And know, we'll always have headwinds. We do believe that no matter what the environment, we have the opportunity and the capability to advance our position. We'll continue to progress against challenges, along our runways for growth, enhancing the franchise channel, expanding Snap-on's presence in the garage, extending to critical industries and building in emerging markets. That strategic advancement, when coupled with the Snap-on Value Creation Processes of safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement, or RCI, drives a significant and ongoing positive trend or performance. And we believe that the results in the fourth -- first quarter and over the full year show just that. Speaking of the full year, Snap-on's EPS in 2014 was $7.14, an increase of 20.4% from 2013. Driving those earnings was an opco operating margin of 16.3%, up 120 basis points. When we include the income from Financial Services of $149.1 million, which rose $23.4 million, the consolidated operating margin for the year was -- of 19.6%, was up 150 basis points. That performance came on sales of $3.3 billion, a 7.2% year-over-year increase that reflected primarily in organic growth of 6.9%. In 2014, full year gains were achieved from every group. In the Tools Group, a strengthened van channel with organic growth of 7.6% for the year. RS&I expanded reach with repair shop owners and managers, up 4.9% organically. And from the C&I Group, growth in critical industries and progress in emerging markets, organic activity rising 9.5%. All clear evidence of forward movement in the markets we serve. Now let's move to a discussion of the groups and their quarters. In the C&I Group, revenue in the quarter was up 5.3% from 2013 despite unfavorable foreign currency. The organic sales increased 9.9% from broad contributions across the businesses. The Industrial division paced the progress, achieving double-digit gains in multiple critical industries. Encouragingly, SNA Europe posted a solid mid-single-digit rise, offsetting significant European headwinds, while the Asia/Pacific division recorded higher activity, growing in emerging markets overcoming the present difficulties surrounding Japan. From an earnings perspective, C&I income of $40.5 million, increased $3.4 million compared to the prior year period and that represents an operating margin of 13.6%, a rise of 50 basis points versus 2013. C&I performance in the quarter is exemplified by SNA Europe. As I said, sales gains despite difficulties and profits up sharply, again. RCI practiced over all those difficult days, while the sales were falling. That effort's paying off, and we can see it in the SNA Europe numbers. C&I also advanced in penetrating critical industries. Of particular note, I think, was our gains in power generation, railroads and the oil and gas sectors. And one product line that has gained traction in these areas is our Tools at Height offering, drop prevention systems designed for a variety of industries and used to keep people safe and assets secure. Falling objects is a leading cause of accidents in the workplace. And a 3-pound tool falling from height can make quite an impact. In other words, don't get hit by a falling wrench. It sounds rudimentary, but it's a real workplace issue and a clear opportunity for Snap-on customer connection and innovation to provide unique solutions. By ergonomically tethering our tools, we provide our customers an engineered attachment system, a productive and compliant solution, maintaining the functionalities of tools used at height, but with safety. Guided by customer connection and solving these critical needs on oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico or in major power plants in the U.S., our Industrial division's Tools at Height drop prevention system are making work safer and more productive for our customers performing critical tasks. The fourth quarter also grow -- saw a growth in the emerging markets of C&I. China and India led the way for the double-digit growth in our Asia/Pacific division. And it's clear what's driving the progress. Growing physicals, more distributors, more field training, more Asian-ized products, products like our new GLS2P4 [ph] , the compact lift; or our new flexible -- our flexible new i-Aligner system, both ideal for the smaller footprints in Asian shops. And our expanding lineup of Blue-Point tool sets for the rising Asian vehicle repair market. Each quarter, each quarter, we believe we build more Snap-on Asia/Pacific strength, are better poised to continue our positive momentum and improve our position for the considerable repair wave, we believe, is coming in that emerging region. Finally, in C&I. Let me speak a moment about the evolution of our automated tool control system or ATC. You may remember that the ATC, we've spoken on it -- often about it on these calls, is our tool security and inventory management system that uses advanced digital imaging technology and proprietary software to automatically keep track of critical tools. Well in the fourth quarter, the Industrial division reached a milestone. There are now over 1,000 ATC systems deployed and the number's growing. We started out aiming at aviation -- at the aviation industry. But now through customer connection and innovation, we redesigned the product to accommodate the very tool configurations found in the natural resource and railroad industries. ATC systems are now solving problems for customers in both those segments and the momentum is building. ATC, an effective Snap-on concept, extended to more customers, helping drive C&I growth. Now on to the Tools Group, where we posted organic sales increase, an organic sales increase of 11.8%. The operating earnings of $63.9 million, representing a margin rate of 16.5%, up 200 basis points from last year. We often mention Snap-on runways for coherent growth, guiding principles or our long-term sales opportunities, and always prominently included is enhancing the franchise channel. Well the results for the Tools Group in the quarter represent clear validation of the progress being made along that runway. But in addition to the financial performance, there's other evidence that authenticates the achievements. Snap-on continues to be recognized as a franchise of choice. Once again, Snap-on was ranked among the top 25 in Entrepreneur Magazine's list of top-500 franchises. And the Franchise Business Review, which measures franchisee satisfaction, recognized Snap-on as a top-50 franchise in its latest ranking, marking the eighth consecutive year we received that award. And again, this quarter, like always, I had the opportunity to meet directly with franchisees at the fall meetings of our U.S. and Canadian National Franchise Advisory Council. And again on our recent kick-off meetings across the country, each of the sessions generated valuable insight, great feedback from an enthusiastic group of franchisees. Based on their optimism, I believe anyone interacting with these professionals would conclude our band network as stronger than ever before. The Tools Group success can also be traced to customer connection and innovation, essential parts of that Snap-on Value Creation. This is the Tools Group's fifth consecutive year for success -- of growth for successful product ideas derived from collaboration efforts with our franchisees, from discussions with technicians or from the independent observations of our associates. An example of that customer connection and innovation is our newly introduced steering rack socket. The accepted technique for replacing of power steering o-rings required removal of the entire power steering rack assembly, followed by the use of a screwdriver and a hammer to change the o-ring. The new Snap-on socket allows the tech to replace the o-ring while the power steering assembly remains in place. It can save a full hour of labor. And it's a winning timesaver, and I can tell you on the van, it's an attention grabber. The steering rack socket is a clear example of Snap-on Value Creation, customer connection and innovation, moving us down our runways for improvement, providing the means for an ongoing trajectory of positive performance. And the fourth quarter results for the Tools Group, our testimony that it's working. Sales in the fourth quarter were -- moving to RS&I. Moving to RS&I. Sales in the fourth quarter were $282.8 million, organic gains of 6.9%, primarily reflecting stronger software sales in independent dealerships and essential tool activity with OEM dealerships. If you add $5.7 million from our profile acquisition and $5.5 million of unfavorable foreign exchange, overall reported sales were also up 6.9% in the quarter. Operating earnings of $65.2 million rose $4.4 million, with OI margin improving 10 basis points to 23.1% as the benefits of RCI offset variation in the group's business mix. In the fourth quarter, RCI (sic) [RS&I] sales to vehicle OEMs grew strongly, driven by several essential diagnostic programs, tools for vehicle dealerships. So we grew with OEMs and we grew with independent shops. For the independent shops, Mitchell 1 also registered growth in the quarter, assisted by several multi-site placements of its ProDemand automotive and information product. Mitchell 1 is advancing ProDemand with continuing integration of repair shop information, enhanced navigation and improved mobility. Strengthening the product line and driving volume gains, ProDemand is becoming essential for effective repairs. In the quarter, RCI also -- RS&I also continued the introduction of its newest handheld diagnostic unit, the SOLUS Edge. With an updated processor and easier viewing features, our new SOLUS Edge offers a 50% increase in speed as well as a 15% larger screen size. And as you might expect, it's shaping up to be one of the most successful diagnostic rollouts. Along with our advancements to our handheld hardware, we also continue to enhance our software offering; fewer navigations steps, better user experience, Snap-on diagnostics, simply helping the technicians to fix cars easier and faster. For heavy trucks, our PRO-LINK Ultra, the diagnostic tool continues to enable top-notch service from light diesel to Class A heavy duty trucks. The PRO-LINK delivers the broadest coverage ever available in a single handheld diagnostic tool, including data for major systems like engines and transmissions and ABS brakes and instrument clusters and emissions and body control. It's the ideal tool for heavy duty fleets and dealerships, owner-operator repair shops, municipality and mobile truck services. And as you would expect with those features, sales have been exceptional. Also in the period for RS&I, the equipment division performed quite well. High single-digit organic sales increases bolstered by an improved North American marketplace, gains in Western Europe and innovative new products. Once again, Snap-on Value Creation was on display in the form of the new Snap-on Motorized Wheel Balancer, ideal for shops of all sizes. The new balancer comes equipped with a sonar sensor that eliminates manual measurements of rim width, enabling faster balancing. It also features multiple placement mode, allowing users to flexibly match weight location to a variety of vehicle rims that are so much variety, common today in the car market. And it utilizes Snap-On's Virtual Plane Imaging technology, providing unsurpassed accuracy to ensure an effective balance and a satisfied customer. The new Snap-on authorized balancer: speed, flexibility and accuracy. It's received quite positive reviews, and we anticipate strong sales as the rollout continues. We're very excited about this product. In fact, we're excited about the entire breadth of the RS&I offering. And in November, RS&I presented its full product portfolio at the annual SEAMS show in Las Vegas. The group's equipment business, including Challenger Lifts and Pro-Cut brake lathes, new acquisitions, were featured along with our diagnostics; Mitchell 1, business solutions and equipment solutions product offering, all on display in one booth under the banner "Snap-on Total Solution." Customer reaction was enthusiastic, and our sales for the event were strong. We believe the RS&I group, with state-of-the-art undercar equipment, a strong product line of repair information solutions and award-winning diagnostics products, is capturing an increased presence with shop owners and managers, and the results confirm it. Well, that's our fourth quarter. Opco organic sales rising 9.8%, EPS of $1.97 in the quarter, 23.1% higher than last year, progress registered along all our runways for coherent growth and advancements down each of our runways for improvement, but especially in customer connection and innovation and certainly rapid continuous improvement, or RCI, all of that helping to drive a 16.9% operating margin, up 140 basis points. It clearly was an encouraging quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo.
Aldo J. Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our fourth quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $857.4 million in the quarter increased $59.9 million or 7.5% from 2013 levels, reflecting broad-based gains across all of our operating segments. Organically, sales increased 9.8%, excluding $5.7 million of acquisition-related sales and $21.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Consolidated gross profit of $411.3 million, increased $32.8 million from 2013 levels. The gross profit margin of 48% in the quarter improved 50 basis points, primarily due to savings from RCI initiatives and benefits from higher sales, partially offset by increased restructuring and other costs. Operating expenses of $266.1 million increased $11.2 million, primarily due to higher volume related and other expenses. The operating expense margin of 31.1% improved 90 basis points, mostly due to sales volume leverage. We incurred $1.1 million of restructuring costs in the quarter. There were no restructuring costs in the fourth quarter of last year. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before Financial Services of $145.2 million in the quarter increased $21.6 million or 17.5% compared to the prior year; and as a percentage of sales, improved 140 basis points to 16.9%. Operating earnings from Financial Services of $42.2 million on revenue of $59.4 million in the quarter compared to operating earnings of $33 million on revenue of $47.4 million last year. The year-over-year increases in both operating earnings and revenue, primarily reflect the continued growth of the Financial Services portfolio as well as revenue and earnings from an additional week of operations in 2014. As you may know, Snap-on operates on a fiscal calendar, which results in an additional week to our fiscal full year and fourth quarter every 6 years. As a result, our 2014 fiscal year contained 53 weeks of operating results, with the extra week relative to the prior year occurring in the fourth quarter. While the impact of this additional week was not material to Snap-on's consolidated fourth quarter net sales or net earnings, our Financial Services segment did earn an additional week of interest income on its financing portfolio. At the consolidated level, the net earnings benefit from the additional week of Financial Services' interest income was largely offset by a corresponding additional week of fixed expenses, primarily personnel-related costs and interest expense. Consolidated operating earnings of $187.4 million in the quarter increased $30.8 million or 19.7%. And the operating margin of 20.4% improved 190 basis points from 18.5% a year ago. Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate was 32.1% in both the fourth quarters of 2014 and 2013. Finally, net earnings in the quarter of $116.2 million or $1.97 per diluted share increased $21.7 million or $0.37 per share from 2013 levels, representing a 23.1% increase in diluted earnings per share. For the full year 2014, net earnings of $421.9 million or $7.14 per diluted share increased $71.6 million or $1.21 per share from 2013 levels, representing a 20.4% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the commercial and industrial, or C&I Group, on Slide 7. Sales of $298.2 million in the quarter were up 9.9% organically, primarily reflecting double-digit gains in sales to customers in critical industries and in our Asia/Pacific operations as well as mid-single-digit sales increase in our European-based hand tools business. Gross profit in the C&I group totaled $113.4 million in the quarter. Gross margin of 38% decreased 90 basis points from 2013 levels, primarily due to a shift in sales activity that included higher volume sales to the military and increased sales in our Asia/Pacific operations as well as higher restructuring costs, partially offset by savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $72.9 million in the quarter, decreased $0.3 million from 2013 levels. The operating expense margin of 24.4% improved 140 basis points, primarily due to the sales volume leverage including benefits from the sales shift just mentioned. As a result of these factors, fourth quarter operating earnings for the C&I segment of $40.5 million increased $3.4 million or 9.2% from 2013 levels. And the operating margin of 13.6% improved 50 basis points from 13.1% last year. Turning now to Slide 8. Fourth quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $387.5 million increased 11.8% organically, reflecting a double-digit increase in the United States and a high single-digit gain internationally. Gross profit of $166.4 million increased $20.2 million from 2013 levels. And the gross margin of 42.9% increased 130 basis points, primarily due to the benefits from higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $102.5 million in the quarter increased $7.3 million from 2013 levels, primarily due to higher volume-related and other expenses. The operating expense margin of 26.4% improved 70 basis points, principally due to sales volume leverage. As a result of these factors, operating earnings of $63.9 million for the Snap-on Tools Group increased $12.9 million or 25.3%. And the operating margin of 16.5% improved 200 basis points from 14.5% last year. Turning to the Repair Systems and Information, or RS&I Group, shown on Slide 9. Sales of $282.8 million increased 6.9% from 2013 levels. Excluding $5.7 million of acquisition-related sales and $5.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation, organic sales were also up 6.9%, reflecting high single-digit gains in both sales of undercar equipment and sales to OEM dealerships as well as a mid-single-digit increase in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers. Gross profit of $131.5 million in the quarter increased $9.5 million from 2013 levels. Gross margin of 46.5% increased 40 basis points, as savings from RCI and other cost reduction initiatives were partially offset by a shift in sales that included higher volumes of lower gross margin products including increased essential tool and facilitation sales to OEM dealerships. The RS&I Group also incurred higher restructuring costs in the quarter. Operating expenses totaled $66.3 million in the quarter. And the operating expense margin of 23.4% increased 30 basis points, primarily reflecting operating expenses for the Pro-Cut acquisition. Fourth quarter operating earnings of $65.2 million for the RS&I Group increased $4.4 million or 7.2% from prior year levels. And the operating margin of 23.1% increased 10 basis points from 23% last year. Now turning to Slide 10. In the fourth quarter, earnings from Financial Services of $42.2 million and revenues of $59.4 million, including contributions from the additional week of operations in fiscal 2014, compared with operating earnings of $33 million on revenue of $47.4 million last year. The average yield on finance receivables of 17.6% compared with 17.4% last year. And the average yield on contract receivables was 6 -- I'm sorry, it's 9.5% in both periods. Originations of $232.2 million in the quarter increased 17.5% from 2013 levels. Moving to Slide 11. Our year-end balance sheet includes approximately $1.4 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.2 billion from our U.S. Snap-on credit operation. Approximately 80% of our U.S. financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. In 2014, our worldwide finance -- Financial Services portfolio grew $152.2 million. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continued to be in line with our expectations. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operations of $97.2 million in the quarter decreased $25.3 million from comparable 2013 levels as higher net earnings in 2014 were more than offset by net increases in operating assets and liabilities, including the timing of estimated tax and other payments, and $10 million of higher discretionary pension plan contributions. Net cash used by investing activities of $46 million included $30.7 million to fund a net increase in finance receivables. Capital expenditures of $17.3 million in the quarter compared with $19.9 million last year. Full year capital expenditures totaled $80.6 million. Turning to Slide 13. Days sales outstanding for trade receivables of 61 days compared with 62 days at 2013 year-end. Inventories increased $41.1 million from 2013 year-end levels, primarily to support continued higher customer demand and new product introductions and from the addition of inventories related to Pro-Cut. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.7 compared with 3.8 turns at 2013 year-end. Our year-end cash position of $132.9 million decreased $84.7 million from 2013 year-end levels, largely due to the March 2014 repayment of $100 million of debt at maturity. The net decrease in cash also reflects year-to-date impacts of funding $746.2 million of new finance receivables, dividend payments of $107.6 million, $80.6 million for capital expenditures, the repurchase of 680,000 shares for $79.3 million and the acquisition of Pro-Cut for $41.3 million. These uses of cash were partially offset by $591.4 million of cash from collections of finance receivables and $397.9 million of cash from operations. Our net debt-to-capital ratio was 26.3% at both 2014 and 2013 year ends. In addition to our $132.9 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities. And our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper markets. At 2014 year-end, we had $37 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. This concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2015. We anticipate that capital expenditures in 2015 will be in the range of $80 million to $90 million. We also expect that our full year 2015 effective income tax rate will be at or below our full year 2014 rate of 32.1%. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. We believe our fourth quarter and full year results are clear evidence of the abundant opportunities that lie along our strategic runways for growth and of our continuing progress of taking advantage of those possibilities and in achieving amidst challenge and turbulence. The vehicle repair market is both favorable economically and familiar operationally, and we are advancing in that arena. The van channel is being enhanced. The Tools Group is continuing to rise, sales up 11.8%, operating margin increased by 200 basis points. And we believe the franchise -- that franchisee confidence and capability are stronger than ever. We're expanding repair shop owners and managers, profitable growth in dealerships and independent shops, Pro-Cut and Challenger integrated smoothly giving us more to sell, an OI margin of 23.1% and volume growth of 6.9%. We're reaching into new areas for new customers, growing coherently. The extension to critical industry is working. Double-digit growth with those customers in the quarter, 4 straight quarters of robust increases. And we're building firm physical capabilities in emerging markets. Activity in China and in India, up nicely in the quarter. Put that progress together with our with commitment to Snap-on Value Creation, and you will see encouraging results. You see organic sales increases of 9.8% and a margin gain of 140 basis points to 16.9%. In fact, you see our fourth quarter. And as we move forward, we know there are headwinds. We know there are more challenges. But we also believe that our team has unique opportunity rooted in growth and improvement, and has the intent and the capability to continue our positive trend of strategic and financial progress, ensuring that we will exit 2015 stronger than when we entered. Before I turn the call over to the operator, it's appropriate that I recognize our franchisees and associates, an extraordinary group. Once again, I know many of you are listening. Please know that this encouraging quarter is the result of your effort, for your contributions to our performance, for your support of our team and for your commitment to our future. You have my congratulations, and you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to Hannah for questions. Hannah?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Liam Burke with Wunderlich Securities.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Nick, can you give us a little color on how much incremental growth you got from company-supplied vans, like the Rock 'N Roll van, to help supplement the van franchisee effort?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well -- yes, sure. Look, the Rock 'N Roll vans, as you know, are sort of like a time shared event, which add retail space on a time-sharing basis. Each of the -- each technician, they go around and they visit various technicians for 2 to 3 days. We've grown them from, I think, 18 in the first quarter of 2012, up to around 59 in North America last year. They're not growing anymore. But suffice it to say, that big-ticket items, which tool storage is one of them, was up ahead, greater than the overall Tools Group of 11.8% in the quarter. So they pace the -- they were among the pacing elements -- big-ticket items were among the pacing elements for our growth in the Tools Group. And it's clear that the -- that those 59 in North America, and I think it's 64 international -- in total because we have some in the U.K. now and Australia, have helped drive the way. And of course, that's together with our TechKnow vans, which have increased the same way. The TechKnow vans are now up, I think, to 31, which it started at 14. So those are both helping grow this business. And it has moved faster than at 11.8%.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on new product introductions or innovation, did you have a good year in terms of hit products and were they divided equally between industrial and automotive?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I would say we had a good year, yes. I'm pretty positive about the year. We had some really fine new products and the numbers were the like last year. Compared to just, what, 2006, they're several times, as I said many times, that number. And I would say that they are divided, kind of, not quite equally. I'd say the Tools Group gets a little more of those because we have more people really in the workplaces for the automotive repair business, and therefore, those ideas are rolling back with greater frequency. But we are getting a good representation from the industrial business, from the critical industries. And you know, I can offer to you that we've advanced our critical industries, not hit products, but we're expanding that business. For example, we added in the year, 996 new aviation products. We added over 600 oil and gas products, military products over 800, power generation. So we're adding products. They are not all the hit products. I'm not saying that, but we added new products to create excitement in that business. The hit products are those that sell over 1 million and create the excitement. We're getting those in industrial. We're still today getting more out of the vehicle repair side of the business. Still, a very good year for that, I'm very pleased. And in fact, when you look at these numbers, it's hard for you to appreciate it, but I believe very strongly that it's generated by the enthusiasm and the attention-getting that these great new products get when people in the vans or when our salesmen call on customers and say, "Wow, that's a new product. I'd like to get it," and they add other products to it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to start on the organic growth in the Snap-on Tools Group. You were running 6% or so, the last -- the first 3 quarters of the fiscal year. You jumped up to approaching 12% here in Q4, almost double the growth rate. Anything in particular that's behind that? And any sense on how sustainable that kind of a growth rate is going forward?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I know -- I don't know. I think -- we have been -- you and I have talked about this many times. I mean, the Tools Group numbers, like you say, 11.8%, 6.0%, 6.6%, 6.0%, 10.2%, 9.5%. In fact, the Tools Group now -- the Tools Group has now grown greater -- 5% or greater in, I think, the number 18 of the last 19 quarters. So they've shown some fairly strong performance. And all I can say about it, in general, David -- what I can say first, in general, is that what's happening here is the effect -- the continually increasing effect of understanding how to help the franchisees be more effective, which authored things like the vans, the Rock 'N Roll cab and the TechKnow van. And we're just getting better at bringing out new products and finding those sweet spots in the -- for the customer needs that excite the customers and get that stuff moving off the van. That's what's happening here. Our ability to make the franchisees more productive and effective and the experience that's building in our team to be able to wield this model, which has always been, I've said, the model that fell from Saturn, more effectively. One of the world's great models, those guys in the Tools Group are probably wielding it better than ever before. In this quarter, I think you might say, we had a particularly great customer connection and innovation season, like Liam just add, that's one. And two, we had things like power tools and some great power tool products that came up. I was in a shop the other day, and in fact, Monday -- Tuesday -- sorry, Tuesday, I was in a shop and the technician said, "Boy, I got this new CT8850, you know, my cordless impact. I used to use these pneumatics. I used to be proud of my pneumatic. Now I've turned my compressor off because this thing is so powerful, I won't let it out of my hand." So that was a terrific endorsement of that. He really had gone completely to that new product, and that has driven some of our sales. So you see that. The other thing about the fourth quarter is, we had a particularly great SFC, great SFC. And the tool -- again, this is the experience of the Tools Group guys that are very positive about this. They're very effective in doing this. This is one of the things that I feel about this business, if I can just say this. I think we are on a trend of continual operating improvement. I know there's a lot of discussion about currency. In fact, you can see the numbers there on -- you can see it in our numbers. In the fourth quarter, we got about $20 million worth of translation hit and when you see the K, you'll see a couple of million dollars of profitability hit associated with it. And you never know what the eventual numbers will be because you got a lot of variation in terms of what happens in the marketplace. But we're exposed in places like -- our big exposures are places like the euro, 9% of our sales in the euro and 8% in the pound and then another 5% in the Canada and so on. And we have some drips and drabs around Australia and Japan. But when you -- and the actual number depends on where those -- what activities are each of those markets. So translation and transaction depends on the cocktail of that. But one thing we know is that as we move forward, the rates from the end of the year are moving up more unfavorable. So we'll see headwinds from currency, but we are confident. We know that our operating position will keep improving despite the arithmetic associated with the currency. So things like the Tools Group, the extension of critical industries, 4 straight quarters of high single digits or double digits, those will continue to grow. And we'll exit, as I said in my comments, better in 2015 than when we entered.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then just a follow-up on that. If we look at these activities that you're doing with your dealers to improve their productivity, finding ways to push more through the channel, inherently that's somewhat of a barrier. You are creating more and more of a barrier of entry. How is your competition competing with your franchisees changing their business? Are they trying to figure it out? Are they copying what you're doing? What's happening down in the trenches there?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, we have some great guys in the competition. We have some great companies, Stanley and Danaher behind Matco and so on. But at the garage level in the vans, from each of our positions, we see that our franchisees don't often mention the competitors. They reference themselves versus where we have been or where we are going. I just did a van ride, like I said, on Tuesday. And my van driver never mentioned the competitors. He only mentioned how we could get better or how satisfied he was with certain of our new products. So I see this. And I see it across our product line. Our people are confident of our hand tools. Our people are confident of our tool storage because they are beautiful pieces. Our people are confident about our diagnostics and our software because they provide a better insight to repairing the car than ever before. And you know what's happening in the marketplace now, it used to be garages wanted diagnostics. Well with the extension of all the computers on cars, every technician needs to have a diagnostics to repair these days. And so you can see this kind of confidence in our franchisees. And yes, they say, "Well, I'd rather have this or I need something else." But it's always with reference to themselves, it's not much compared to their -- it's not really compared to their competition as much. I hardly ever hear about that. That's not to say, they're not capable and capable people and aggressive people, but when I go out, I hear mostly about ourselves.
Operator: Our last question is from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: You and your organization have built a tremendous compound earnings growth story here, and it's-- it really shows. So congrats on all the progress. I wanted to ask just a couple of questions that are just kind of following up on the earlier questions. And I start with the Tools Group. And you made the observation that you aren't adding any more vans, I guess, on the Rock ‘N Roll Cab Express. Just looking at the 17.5% origination growth in the finance portfolio suggests that the storage is still a big part of the Tools growth story and the margin, 200 basis points, probably is driven in part by that as well. How do you keep the growth going if you've stopped opening new stores in this enterprise? And maybe talk to that, for starters.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well let me say a couple of things. First, just thanks for your compliments about compound earnings growth. But actually, I don't think it's that surprising. This is a great business. It's a great business that has a lot of opportunity and runway further. So we are not so surprised by such things because it is a business that has so much untapped opportunity for both growth and improvement. Let me come back to the idea of keeping it growing. Yes, it is a challenge. But you know that we've grown -- the Tools Group has grown 11.8%, 6%, 6.6%, 6.0%, 10.2%, 9.5% in the subsequent quarters, same-store sales. And then the other thing is, we're getting better at bringing out new products. We just launched another tool storage unit at the kickoffs, David. And you know what it is? It's a tool storage. It's these tool storage, big boxes, you can envision them, and they're gleaming in different colors. They've got great features. You can plug in your power tools and all this stuff, and now we equip them with a downtown sound bar. Now I don't know if you've ever been in a garage, but a sound bar in a tool storage box sounds like a cool thing to me. Everybody who sees them and hears them is going crazy. So new product is a great -- are a great advantage, so that helps it, too. And then the other thing is, we just have to keep thinking of new ways. The Rock 'N Roll Cab was an innovation by the -- brilliant innovation by the Tools Group guys to figure out that they could help the van -- virtually expand the space of the van, which is one of the limitations. They just have to keep coming up with ideas. That doesn't mean that the Rock 'N Roll Cabs won't contribute more. I mean, they've been pretty stable for a fairly long time. I want to say that the vans have been, like, year-over-year -- if you wanted to look at last year at this time, North America had 56 vans, now we have 59. So they only moved up 3 and still it grew at 11.8% in total. And tool storage and big ticket was above that. So they figured out some way to do it without too much increase in sales. Having said that, they also -- we'll be tasking them to come up with new ideas to try to help this situation. The final point is that when you look at the originations versus the Tools Group, it's a little more complex. You have the question of originations and it does -- it is driven by big-ticket items, but it's also a little bit driven by the variation between our sales and the franchisees' sales, of course. The originations track a sale to a technician; our sales track a sale from us to the franchisee. So there's a little bit of timing difference, and it can muddy the water a little bit.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: That's good detail. I guess, the second question I had was, again, following up on a previous question on competition, and you talked about with respect to Stanley and Matco and the others. I wonder if you could just talk about how much competition you're feeling and maybe particularly within the diagnostics business. But how much competition you're feeling from the automotive retailers? And I guess the question really is, as the category...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: What do you mean? What do you mean automotive retailers? Can you define it for me?
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, the AutoZone, Pep Boys, O'Reilly, those guys. I guess my question really is, as that diagnostics category evolves and the technologies that represent, kind of, the foundation of that category become less expensive, how do you respond to protect your great business from price competition, increasing availability? I mean, is it innovation? Is it warranties? Is it credit? Is it support and service? How do you go about...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I'll tell you what, I tell you what, all of the above, I think. Remember first -- I think, first, that we start with a great product enabled by an extraordinary base of information with, I think, better insight on repair than anybody else. We have a product that will tell you, okay, if you have a make and model and powertrain of a car, and it's a certain model, what the typical repair is on that model based on big data. It's the only one available. And we have an understanding. A lot of the competition comes at the lower end with code readers and so on, a little bit less sophisticated. Technicians are looking for more levels of sophistication. They want to read what the car says. They want to be able to put the car through functional tests, through its paces. They want to be able to reprogram it. They want to be able to see what the OEM says as a standard fix. And then they want the whisper tips and the tips that come out of the big data. We have all of that. Almost no one else does. So our product keeps evolving and getting stronger in that regard. And if anything, the requirements for this gets bigger because it used to be -- the computer content on cars are getting more and more. This is one of the reasons why nobody can repair cars anymore because they're so complicated. And even in garages, you need -- what used to be a situation where you needed one big unit to handle everybody and you could pass it around, well, you can't be working on a car today, in many cases, without these things. So every technician wants one. And so you have that. And then finally, finally, we have our franchisee armed with the TechKnow vans, up close and personal with the technician to help him through the product, tell him what he needs to know, how to use it, and find out what his particular problems are. We have customer connection and customer delivery like no one else has. And so that's why we don't feel so much heat from those other guys. We think this is a robust market that's going to keep growing. We think it's only going to get more demand in this area. And we think we have significant advantages in data, in hardware and in software. And our software business -- our hardware business was strong. We just had a great launch. And our software business was up more than the hardware business in the quarter.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Ms. Kratcoski, I'll turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Hannah, and to everyone, we appreciate you joining us today. A replay of the call will be available on our website shortly. And as always, we thank you for your interest in Snap-on. Have a good day. Bye.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Nick Pinchuk - Chief Executive Officer Aldo Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer Leslie Kratcoski - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: David Leiker - Robert W. Baird Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research David MacGregor - Longbow Research Liam Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Richard Hilgert - Morningstar 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated, Third Quarter Results Call. Today's conference is being recorded.  At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Leslie Kratcoski, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks Ryan and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's third quarter results, which are detailed in our Press Release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick-off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections, are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick.
Nick Pinchuk : Thanks Leslie. Good morning everybody. As usual, I’ll start with the third quarter highlights, provide an update on the environment and speak a bit on the trends. Aldo will then provide a detailed review of the financials. In the third quarter we again showed progress along our runways for growth and for improvement and we saw those gains across all our business segments. Sales were up 7% from last year, 5.6% of acquisition related volume coupled with a 6.2% organic rise. Our operating margin before Financial Services reached 16.2%, up 140 basis points.  When you add the $37.7 million in operating earnings from Financial Services, which increased from $31.6 million in 2013, the consolidated operating margin was 19.6% in EPS. That was $1.76, up $0.33 or 23.1% from the $1.43 registered just last year.  For our automotive related businesses, the environment, it continues to be favorable. Actually it’s been this way for a while and our Tools Group and our Repair Systems & Information or RS&I Group are both well positioned to take advantage. You can see that in the performance; another quarter of solid gains for both groups. Clearly the enhancements to the franchise network and our expansion with dealerships and independent repair shops are driving a continuing positive trend.  In the Commercial & Industrial Group or the C&I Group there was also direct evidence of growing strength. SNA Europe activity increased again, now up three straight quarters. The industrial division, Critical Industries grew by double digits, showing gains in both the U.S. and internationally and the Bellwether emerging markets of China and India, they also registered a quarter of relatively robust progress.  Now as in past periods, C&I does have some headwinds. The European economies are mixed with particular turbulence in the east. The U.S. military somewhat recovered from its prior lows and is still uncertain territory and various Asian countries can be impacted from time to time by local conditions; elections, or changes in economic policies, like the new tax levels in Japan. But you know, there will always be headwinds.  They’ve been a factor in each of our quarters for sometime. They were present again in the third quarter and we overcame, because we are well positioned to confront the challenges and proceed down our runways for growth, enhancing the franchise network, expanding repair shop owners and managers, extending to critical industries and building in emerging markets. These do represent avenues for considerable advancement and there has been clear and consistent progress in along each of those paths and the third quarter is more testimony. At the same time those growth drivers are joined and supported by the benefits of Snap-on value creation, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement or RCI. These are the processes, the tools we use each and everyday to drive improvement. Our quarterly results, the increases in operating margin demonstrate progress along each of these dimensions, but this quarter, especially in customer connection and innovation.  Customer Connection: Snap-on’s continuing pursuit of Repair Shop insight, the understanding of our customers work based on the hours and the days we spend with working men and women.  Innovation: Taking that practical insight and matching it with a keen understanding of what’s made possible by modern technology. Into the quarter those processes resulted in three prestigious product awards, all are evidence of Snap-on bringing it together, the practical with the possible for a good effect.  We were again honored with the MOTOR Magazine Top 20 Tools Awards. The winner this time was the Two-Piece, Impact Swivel Extension Set, created to assist technicians to difficult to reach fasteners, like transmission bolts, driveline bolts, cylinder heads. Its laser-welded pivot pin allows for smooth full 30 degrees swivel action and more efficient power transfer. Great for those difficult bolts and heads in tight spaces. It clearly makes critical work easier.  Snap-on also received two Professional Tool & Equipment News Innovation Awards for the Semi-Deep Flip Socket in the Hand Tools category and for our Digital Video Borescope the BK6500 in the Inspection Tools category. Our Flip Socket saves technicians time.  The convenience to using one tool to remove the two most common sizes of underbody fasteners, it speeds up things in the shop, we see it. I’ve mentioned this tool before. The P10 (ph) Award is just another accolade for what has turned out to be a very popular offering and great example of customer connection combining with innovation.  Also recognized by the P10 (ph) was our new BK6500, Digital Video Borescope, offering a true digital image and the largest viewing screen in the market. It diagnoses internal engine problems, inspects door panels, checks for corrosion inside radiators, examines break pad wear and looks inside transmissions and axel housing, all time saving activates.  I mention these awards, because they are just the most recent recognitions of a growing list of popular hit parade products that provide unique customer connection and guided advantages, fueled by the observations of our franchises and direct sales people, all committed to connecting with our professional customers and translating that insight into productivity innovations and Snap-on advantage, and all of that shows in the result of each group in the third quarter.  Now, to focus on those individual groups. Lets start with C&I. Lets start with the Commercial & Industrial Group. Organic sales were up 9.4%, with sales to customers in critical industries leading the way. Operating margins reached 13.7%, up 60 basis points from last years 13.1%, volume growth and the benefits of Snap-on value creation and customer connection had a hand in those results, the C&I results as well.  Our industrial direct salesmen recognized the difficult of torquing large fasteners in the constrain spaces, so common to power generation plants. Our engineering team used this insight to develop or revised torquing process, utilizing a special compact torque wrench configured specifically for closed corners. The new process makes work easier, makes tasks easier for professionals all over the critical power generation industry; courtesy of Snap-on Customer Connection & Innovation.  Speaking of critical industries, broad progress was clearly evident in the quarter. Power generation activity, aerospace volumes, shipments to natural resource customers and sales to the U.S. military, all critical and all up by strong double-digits.  Lets talk about the U.S. military for a moment. Entering the year it had been a headwind due to budgetary constrains. But a recent resurgence has caused for guarded optimism. With that said, the availability of future government funding and the timing of order activity remained difficult to predict and so the overall trajectory of military sales is still uncertain, but its been improving.  As for SNA Europe, that operation recorded overall gains again. Our fourth straight quarter of growth and it continues its positive trajectory of profitability. Operating margin was up again this quarter, well outpacing volume. Not only leveraging the additional activity, but realizing the benefits of RCI and past restructuring activities. SNA Europe strong. So that provides a bit of color on C&I.  Now onto the Tools Group. Organic sales up 6%, significant growth in the U.S. and internationally. Operating income in the quarter of $49.5 million compared to $41.9 million in 2013. Operating income margins of 13.9% rose 130 basis points from last year’s 12.6%. The additional volume, as well as the operating improvements from RCI translated into significant margin gains.  When you consider the root to the Tools Group success, some of it can also be found in the growing power of Snap-on value creation. I’ve spoke often about the Rock N Roll Cab Express vans, enhancing the franchisees sales opportunities through expanded space, so we can display the full range of tool storage products to customers.  If you have been following these calls, you know its been working, and the third quarter was no exception. But beyond the selling assist, the Rock N Roll vans have served as a valuable platform for customer connection. We’ve uncovered a wide of range of tool storage innovations for trim, drawer, colors and other features, all from the interaction on the van.  A recent example is a newly introduced super wide drawer, now installed as a popular option in the epic tool storage line. The idea came from the Rock N Roll Van and now it’s a big seller, helping to stock the Tools Group growth.  Third quarter is also when we hold the Annual Snap-on Franchisee Conference, our SFC. This year was in Orlando. More than 8,000 attended. Principals from over 3,000 North American routes and their families and their guests; product showcases, business seminars, new van operating programs, all designed to build franchisees success and in a follow-up survey the franchisees almost unanimously recommended participating in next year’s conference, a great endorsement.  But beyond the formal survey, beyond that survey, I was there myself. I spent time with many franchisees and I believe I have never seen the more positive about their presence or with greater confidence in the future, the Tools Group; awarding winning products, unique mobile demonstration vehicles like the Rock N Roll Express and motivated and committed franchisees. We’ve made it a priority to invest in the franchisee proposition and it’s showing in the third quarter results.  When you speak of the van channel, we also must consider the strategic contributions of Snap-on credit. Our Financial Services arm helps create opportunities across our origination, but especially within the Tools Group. Credit had a strong presence in Orlando at the SFC, supporting franchisees with innovative new programs aimed at enabling sales of those big-ticket items, which are so essential to franchisees success. And if you look at the numbers, Financial Services OI up $6.1 million or 19.3% in the quarter, you know its working.  Now lets move to RS&I. Total sales were up 7.3%, 4.4% organically excluding the Pro-Cut acquisition. The operating margin, 23.3% increased from 22.9% last year. The volume gains came primarily from higher sales and essential programs to OEM dealerships and from increases in diagnostics and repair information products, serving independent repair shop owners and mangers.  In the third quarter the RS&I Group, through the Equipment Solutions Division expanded our profile in automotive dealerships with several essential tool programs supporting vehicle launches, putting new models and redesigns or existing platforms.  Equipment solutions also provided new essential diagnostics for specific repair campaigns; one designed to identify electrical issues and to other to isolate causes of vibration and noise; new essential programs for dealerships launched in the quarter and helping fuel RS&I growth.  Serving in the independent shops, Mitchell 1 again recorded significant gains with its heavy-duty repair, connect product, securing business with several new key customer networks. Repair Connect provides a complete range of trust repair information and solutions for independent and fleet truck shop and its becoming widely embraced across the heavy-duty market place.  Customer connection also played a large role at RS&I during the quarter. For example, for under car equipment, repair shop insight guided the development of a communicating like between our wheel balancer and customer information networks, unique data such as tread depth and the radial and lateral run out can now be shared directly with the customer’s database. And in the quarter this feature was the deciding factor in converting a large German supplier of wheel logistics to the Snap-on balance of the line up and there are many more similar examples.  We also introduced our most recent acquisitions to international customers at Automechanika, the biannual Automotive Industry event held during September in Frankford. Challenger Lifts were presented at the show for the first time as part of the Snap-on family and it generated broad interest with a wide range of customers from diverse geographies, signaling a new international opportunity for that product line.  Pro-Cut was also introduced at the show as a Snap-on product line, and the audience was attentive and appreciative. We believe it’s a sign of good things to come. So as you can see, there was a lot of initiatives across many end customers, dealerships and independence, domestic and international, all contributions to RS&I gains in serving repair shop owners and mangers.  Well, that’s the highlights of the quarter. Sales up 7%, fueled by significant increases across the board in each group, clear evidence of progress along all our runways for growth. Snap-on value creation, driving improvement, customer connection, innovation, solving critical tasks and offering hit parade products, growth and improvement, brining our OI margin to 16.2%, up 140 basis points. It was an encouraging quarter.  Now I’ll turn the call over Aldo. Aldo.
Aldo John Pagliari: Thanks Nick. Our third quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on slide six. Net sales of $806.3 million in the quarter increased $53.1 million or 7% from 2013 levels, reflecting broad-based gains across all of our operating segments.  Organically, sales increased 6.2%, excluding $5.6 million of acquisition-related sales and $0.7 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Consolidated gross profit of $393.9 million increased $29.6 million from 2013 levels. The gross margin of 48.9% in the quarter increased 50 basis points, primarily due to the benefits from higher sales and savings from ongoing RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $263.3 million increased $10.3 million, primarily due a higher volume related and other expenses. The operating expenses margin of 32.7% improved 90 basis points from 33.6% a year ago, mainly due to sales volume leverage. Restructuring costs of $2 million in the quarter compared with $1.7 million of such costs last year. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before Financial Services of $130.6 million in the quarter increased $19.3 million or 17.3% and as a percentage of sales improved 140 basis points to 16.2%. Operating earnings from Financial Services of $37.7 million increased 19.3% over prior year levels. Consolidated operating earnings totaled $168.3 million and the operating margin of 19.6% improved to 170 basis points from 17.9% a year ago. Our third quarter effective income tax rate of 31.8% compared with 32.6% last year. Finally, net earnings in the quarter of $103.7 million or $1.76 per diluted share compared to net earnings of $84.6 million or $1.43 per share last year, representing a 23.1% increase in earnings per share. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the Commercial & Industrial or C&I Group on slide seven. Sales of $298.8 million in the quarter were up 9.4% organically, primarily reflecting a double-digit gain in sales to customers in critical industries and a single-digit sales increase in our European-based hand tools business. Gross profit in the C&I group totaled $111.8 million in the quarter. Gross margin of 37.4% decreased 70 basis points from 2013 levels, primarily due a shift in sales mix that included higher sales to the military, as well as increased restructuring and other costs.  These year-over-year gross margin impacts were partially offset by savings from ongoing RCI initiatives, including continued improvements within our European based hand tools business.  Operating expenses of $71 million in the quarter increased $2.2 million over 2013 levels, primarily due to higher volume related and other expenses. The operating expense margin of 23.7% improved 130 basis points, mostly due to the sales volume leverage, including benefits from the higher military sales. As a result of these factors, third quarter operating earnings for the C&I segment of $40.8 million increased $4.8 million or 13.3% from 2013 levels, and the operating margin of 13.7% improved 60 basis points from 13.1% last year. Turning now to slide eight. Third quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $355 million increased 6% organically, reflecting mid-single-digit sales increases in both our U.S. and international franchise operations.  Gross profit of $154.8 million increased $12 million from 2013 levels and the gross margin of 43.6% increased 80 basis points, primarily due to benefits from higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $105.3 million in the quarter increased $4.4 million from 2013 levels, primarily due to higher volume-related expenses. The operating expense margin of 29.7% improved 50 basis points from 30.2% last year, principally due to sales volume leverage. As a result of these factors, operating earnings of $49.5 million for the Snap-on Tools Group increased $7.6 million or 18.1% and the operating margin of 13.9% improved 130 basis points from 12.6% last year. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information or RS&I Group shown on slide nine. Sales of $271.2 million increased $18.5 million or 7.3% from 2013 levels. Excluding $5.6 million of acquisition related sales or $1.6 million of favorable foreign currency translations, organic sales were up 4.4%.  The organic sales increase primarily reflects a double-digit gain in sales to OEM dealerships and a mid single digit increase in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers. These organic sales increases were partially offset by a low single digit decline in under car equipment sales, largely reflecting continued weakness in Eastern Europe related to demand for big-ticket items.  Gross profit of $127.3 million in the quarter increased $10.6 million over 2013 levels. Gross margin of 46.9% increased 70 basis points as savings from ongoing RCI and other cost reduction initiatives were partially offset by a shift in sales that included higher volumes of lower gross margin products, including increased essential tool and vacillation sales to OEM dealerships. Operating expenses totaled $64 million in the quarter and the operating expense margin of 23.6% increased 30 basis points, generally due to the inclusion of operating expenses for Pro-Cut. Third quarter operating earnings of $63.3 million for the RS&I group increased $5.4 million or 9.3% from prior year levels, and the operating margin of 23.3% in the quarter improved 40 basis points from 22.9% last year. Now turning to slide 10. In the third quarter earnings from Financial Services of $37.7 million and revenues of $53.6 million, compared with operating earnings of $31.6 million on revenue of $45.1 million last year. The average yield on finance receivables of 17.6% compared with 17.4% last year and the average yield on contract receivables of 9.5% compared with 9.6%. Originations of $221.6 million in the quarter increased 8% from 2013 levels. Moving to slide 11, our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $1.4 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.2 billion from our U.S. Snap-on credit operation. Approximately 80% of our U.S. financing portfolio relates to extending credit loans to technicians. During the third quarter our worldwide Financial Services portfolio grew approximately $39 million. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now turning to slide 12. Cash provided by operations of $88 million in the quarter increased $3.7 million from comparable 2013 levels, primarily due to higher 2014 net earnings, offset by increased working investment. Net cash used by investing activities of $56.6 million included $35.8 million to fund the net increase in finance receivables. Capital expenditures of $22.3 million in the quarter compared with $19.3 million last year. Turning to slide 13. Day sales outstanding for trade and other receivables of 64 days at both the end of the second and third quarters compared with 62 days at 2013 year-end. Inventories increased $50.2 million from 2013 year-end levels, essentially to support continued higher customer demand and new product introductions and from the addition of inventories related to Pro-Cut. On a trailing 12-month basis inventory turns of 3.6 compared with 3.7 at the end of the second quarter and 3.8 at 2013 year-end. Our quarter-end cash position of $124.7 million decreased $92.9 million from 2013 year-end levels, largely due to the repayment of $100 million of debt in March of this year. The net decrease in cash also reflects year-to-date impacts of funding, $549.2 million of new finance receivables; dividend payments of $76.8 million, the repurchase of 591,000 shares for $67.5 million, $63.3 million of capital expenditures and the acquisition of Pro-Cut for $41.3 million. These uses of cash were partially offset by $425.1 million of cash from year-to-date collections of finance receivables and $300.7 million of cash from operations. At the end of the third quarter our net debt to capital ratio was 25.9%.  In addition to our $124.7 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, and our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper markets. At quarter end we had $36.7 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. I'll conclude by mentioning a few outlook items for the remainder of the year. We continue to expect that our full year 2014 effective income tax rate will be comparable to our 2013 rate of 32.3%, and we continue to anticipate that capital expenditures for the year will be in the range of $75 million to $80 million. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk : Thanks Aldo. Well, we are encouraged by our third quarter. Sales up 7%; significant activity gains in each of our operating groups. Yes sure, there are headwinds, but that’s nothing new. Our growth trend has passed through turbulence in almost every quarter and we believe the third quarter performance again represents solid evidence of progress along our runways for growth, enhance the franchise channel.  The Tools Group grew at 6% continuing its string of positive gains. Group OI rose 130 basis points and we believe our network of franchisees are growing in strength and confidence. Expanding with our repair shop owners and managers, RS&I grew at 4.4%, had an OI margin of 23.3% and successfully continued the integration of Challenger and Pro-Cut. Extend to critical industries. Organic sales were increased 9.4%. Strong gains in aerospace, oil and gas and the military; SNA Europe sales growing again with profit rising even faster. Build in emerging markets, continuing to strengthen the physicals and seeing it payoff.  Progress along our runways for improvements. Snap-on value creation, safety, quality, customer connection and RCI offering great new products and improving profitability, driving optical OI margin for the corporation to 16.2%, up 140 basis points. We do believe the quarter’s results are tangible evidence of the abundant opportunities available along our runways for growth and are clear confirmation of the power inherent in Snap-on value creation. We’re encouraged, but we believe there is more, much more and our team is positioned with the capability and the intent to take full advantage and to continue the trajectory of positive performance for the foreseeable future. Now, before I turn to questions its time once again to speak to our franchisees and our associates. I know many of you are listening. The encouraging results of the third quarter and the ongoing favorable trends due to your extraordinary capabilities and your considerable effort. For your contribution to our performance you have my congratulation, and for your continuing commitment to our team, you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we’ll take our first question from David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: Good morning everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Hello David.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: So can we talk Nick or Aldo, just kind of the pace of sales through the quarter and there’s some concern that July and August might have been okay, but September started the slowdown at all. Is there anything you can characterize in terms of what you saw as you moved through the quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, we never really characterized the calendarization of our sales, but those who listen to us like you do, those who listen or watch us would know this and that July and August are vacation seasons in the Europe and the United States. For Europe and Northern Europe its July and then August in Southern Europe, so July and August are afflicted by vacations and the same pretty much applies to the van business in the United States, where we have the SSC in August for a reason, because that’s when the guys who are driving the vans want to take a little vacation.  So you might be entitled to the fact that those months might be a little bit more tepid or certainly more variable and then you might be entitled to the fact that in a relatively strong quarter, that quarter would have to be delivered at the end. I think this is kind of logical sense. So without commenting on the week-by-week or day-by-day, I think you can infer that we had a fairly strong end, given that our quarter is so large.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: How much of the strength that your seeing, both on the revenue side and the margin momentum carries over into Q4 and into 2015.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I don’t see anything that interrupts that strength, I’d say that. We never comment on the forward looking months, but I think when I look at our positions along our run rates for growth and the power of our improvement, we see it carrying over the positions with the franchisees. They are more confident than ever before, I said it just a few minutes ago.  You can see the critical industries. The critical industries seem to be humming. Military is coming back, although I did say that can be uncertain, but boy, increases are better than a poke in the eye and its been increasing fairly well, so you see that. RS&I just cranks along and anything in the auto repair business I think is fairly strong at this point.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: And then just the last item on this, what about Europe? Obviously there’s a lot of concern. We talked to a lot of people. Some think Europe might be rolling over. The Europe business has been flat on its back for several years here and just starting to bounce up. Any thoughts on how that might play out?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, a couple of things. First of all, certainly we see turbulence in the east like we said for several quarters. We were up again, the fourth straight quarter of growth in Europe and again, they were on vacation in July and August, so this is a fairly – from that perspective, it was a fairly positive quarter in terms of trajectory, sort of like trajectory. And I will say, our European business is coming off the mat. We are still down 20% to 25%, so we’ve got a long way to get back to where we were in 2008. So I feel okay about Europe at this point.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: Okay, and then just one last item here. Aldo in the working capital, looking at the cash flow statement, that’s about a $24 million increase in the use of working capital year-over-year. I don’t think the acquisitions are in there, but can you talk to that a bit.
Aldo Pagliari: Certainly. The increase is largely reflective of higher demand plus our intention to provide better service levels to our customer base. At this time you’ll pick up a little bit of a seasonality effect coming out of the Snap-On franchisee conference that you mentioned. It was a pretty well attended conference, pretty good order book and some of the inventory increase reflects that ordering activity. Also accounts receivable are up pretty much the same. 64 days at it was at the end of last quarter, but again that’s tied more to the sales increase.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: Okay, terrific. Thank you very much.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks David. Bye.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Hey, good morning everyone. 
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Hey, Aldo I kind of missed your narrative in terms of the sales increases in the RS&I segment, I think – what did you say, it was high single digit sales to OEM dealerships and low single digit sales to independent repair shops. 
Aldo Pagliari: No, I think I said it was double-digit sales to OEM dealerships and mid to high single digits in sales of repair information and diagnostic products for the independent shops.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Thanks. All right, hey Nick, I want to just talk obviously Europe and David mentioned this with his questions, but could you tell us exactly how much the sales in Europe were up in the quarter if at all.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, the sales, if you are talking about SNA Europe, it was up – I would say you could characterize it as low single digits. Kind of the same as it was at the last quarter. Although last quarter we would have characterized it as mid single digits, so I mean it was a little bit lower.  But I think when I look at the total that goes in and goes out, we saw some really strong growth in places like Spain and Italy and Denmark and Finland and some weakness in some other places. Europe as always varying from quarter-to-quarter, we think we kind of had the same quarter with volume growth again and leverage on the bottom line that outpaced the growth.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Okay. Although collectively if you put all the European economies together, they are a mess, they are not growing. I mean, is it still a function of that. You are penetrating the market at a greater rate, adding new products, just executing better, is that really what…?
Nick Pinchuk: I think that’s it. I mean I think its – I spend a lot of time of this call trying to emphasize the power of customer connection and innovation by another way, the mechanism by which we generate new products and so in Europe you have new products.  For example, in Europe we have something called the Bahco ERGO Tool Management System. A system, which we put in critical applications. The box, which takes care of tool control, is customized to the customer and we put Bahco tools inside. It’s a version of what we do in the United States with the Snap-On brand, only its Bacho and its fitted to each individual customer; that’s driving some of our sales, so individual product improvement is helping.  Secondly, we are just getting better at selling than we were before, because of RCI and our efficiencies and thirdly, I think to be frank here, you know as I said, I think I’ve said on many of these calls, we are coming off a pretty deep dip. We are down 20% to 25%, so you know the world doesn’t have to be that rosy for us to grow.  And so I think you put those three things together and you would say, look we’ve been growing in Europe for several quarters. Four straight quarters now and people have been mourning for a while and we’ve just been growing through those headwinds. 
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Right. And then could you give us some idea. With the Rock N Roll vans and the TechKnow vans, they are just the U.S. based phenomenon, correct?
Nick Pinchuk: Not exclusively, but mostly. To give you an idea for example, this quarter – I think in the end of the quarter we had like 59 Rock N Roll cabs. I think about five were in the international outside of North America, so there was a few and they grew a couple. One in the United States, one in North America and two in Europe and we have 25 TechKnow Express vans and they are just in the U.S.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Okay. Are there plans to expand the actual physical van count for both of those categories?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, there’s certainly a plan to – the Rock N Roll cab, we’ve got quite a few. I would think international we’d be adding a few more perhaps; we’ll be looking at that. U.S. we’ve got kind of pretty much the nation covered. You might add one or two as you go forward. The TechKnow Express, there are plans to add more as we go forward.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Okay. And just in terms of your best guesses, that on basis points of sales, I mean what would be the incremental contribution from having these vans out there to the Tools Group sales.
Nick Pinchuk: Gee, its hard for me to say Gary, because they don’t actually sell, they just promote the product. And so they go out there and are like a rolling showroom and the guy gets on. As you know, he gets on the van. He sees all these tool storage boxes or these diagnostic units and he ends up ordering from the franchisee who is in that territory. So it’s a tough guess to say well, would it have sold anyway?  Certainly what’s happened is, since we’ve had the Rock N Roll cabs for like a couple of years now, tool storage has outpaced the tools group for sometime and our big ticket items again, which is a favorable sign actually, big ticket items outpaced the Tools Group sales in general, and that of course has been driven by this, but I don’t think we have a number. We just know they are helping us.  We believe they are paying back. We can afford them because of the 6% growth, the 6% growth this time, the 6.6% last time, the 6.6% the time before that and the drop to 130 basis points improvement. We believe it’s in the mix, but we haven’t worried about payback in general or how much it’s boosting. Sorry, I can’t help you too much.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Well, that’s fine. Thank you very much.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, sure.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Yes, good morning everyone. Great job. Great quarter Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Yes, outstanding.
Nick Pinchuk: We did a great job.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Yes, everybody really pulled together and it really shows. I guess I had similar questions about franchisee productivity for next year and you’ve had the Rock N Roll cab Express and TechKnow vans.  Clearly financing opportunities have been a facilitator to some degree and of course you’ve had a very strong new product introduction queue. Are there other things driving franchisee productivity into 2015 and maybe can you talk specifically about the extent to which financing opportunities are enhancing franchisee productivity. You talked about it at the conference. There was a strong…
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. I mean I can talk about this a little bit. The thing is there’s a number of things. I think first is just general productivity. We’ve got the Rock N Roll van, the TechKnow Express and what they are doing is they are amplifying the power of the space, that’s the van. The van after all is rolling retail space and TechKnow Express and the Rock N Roll cabs are amplifying that on a time-shared basis from route to route and that’s clearly allowed us to reach out for more technicians.  You know as I said, we don’t call on all the technicians. We don’t have all the technicians on our sales book at one time in the United States. So we have opportunity to add more, just from those at existing basis, that’s helping. Secondly, it’s a productivity issue, because our guys are real busy and so the idea doing something like RCI, just like a factory. Looking at the van like a factory, figuring how to make work easier for them, ratchet repair for example. Making the ratchet repair more easier is one thing we can do, things like that, how to bounce inventory.  We’ve just rolled out; we’re rolling out and its kind of completing the roll out of a brand new point of sale computer system. We call it chrome. It’s going to help the van drivers’ productivity immensely and then when it comes to finance, finance is just a matter of since its now in the house, the finance programs are tailoring. The credit companies are tailoring their programs just to what the franchisee needs and therefore making it easier for him; one, from an actual point of view and an execution point of view and two, not in substantial, making it easier to understand.  We’ve done a lot of work in making these programs easier to understand. I would say four years ago you kind of needed a semi PA. You needed to be an analyst at one of the Wall Street firms or one of the investment firms to be able to understand some of these credit programs, but now it’s a lot easier and so those are the kinds of things we’re doing.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: So when you talked about rolling out a line of new credit programs at the conference this year, were they just easier to understand or was it making credit more available?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, easier to understand, one; and two, making credit more available and this way we did a couple of things. One is, we refined our model so that we can think about the actual credit, the actual applicant and better decide whether it’s a good risk or not a risk and want to take the credit.  And then look at the franchisee and consider more effectively the franchisees record in choosing and recommending and collecting when making a choice around that, and putting that together in the credit profile and allowing more people to get credit, because the combination of the franchisees endorsement and the credit rating of the individual borrower, the customer made it for a more target rich environment for us, a more informative environment and therefore we were able to do a little bit more activity.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: You are just shifting gears to maybe growth by acquisition. You’re putting some great organic growth numbers. You talked about being willing to go forward and making growth by smaller acquisitions, bolt on acquisitions. Give us a sense of what you see over the next 15 days, maybe 18 months.
Nick Pinchuk: We’ve got a long pipeline of possibilities and every quarter we’re acting on, we’re reviewing acquisitions and considering possibilities. Some of them are small, some of them are pretty large I think, but they are all what I would call coherent.  That is, they lie on one of those four runways for growth in terms of enhancing the van channels and expanding repair shop owners and managers, understanding critical industries and other things and so we’ve looked at some really big ones that would ease up a huge portion of our fire power and decided well, maybe that isn’t for us or it isn’t quite – its only got a very – not enough of the business fits us and we’ve looked at some smaller ones like Pro-Cut and so on and we pulled the trigger, but we’re looking at them actively all the time. The pipeline, the prospects are fairly large though and it continues to refresh.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: I was just going to say, can you remind us on your priorities. Is there a particular segment your leaning towards or does it – what should we think about…?
Nick Pinchuk: No, the priorities are any of those runways for growth, but as a practical matter, as a practical matter, expanding repair shop owners and managers, giving us something more to sell like Pro-Cut brake lathes or a Challenger Lifts is something that is high priority. Giving us something that would give us more to sell or give us more presence with critical industries is another area that we’d be looking at. Now we would consider emerging markets with the vans, but I think the acquisition targets are less. There’s less available in those areas that fit so coherently in those places.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Last question is just, across your three segments, where do you still have the most immediate opportunity for RCI?
Nick Pinchuk: I’d say C&I, but C&I had an encouraging quarter, 13.7% OI margin. That is the highest OI margin ever by C&I and the last – we only hit when its high, the highest OI margin and we hit it in the second quarter of 2008. It was on considerably more sales. I think $20 million or $30 million more sales.  So in fact C&I has made a lot of progress and we see more opportunity going for it, but I hate to say that, because to tell you the truth, I think there is ample opportunity in all our businesses. Like I said many times, if we never got another dollar of incremental sales, we would drive the profitability upwards.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Great. Thanks very much. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Liam Burke with Wunderlich Securities. 
Liam Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. : Thank you. Good morning Nick. Good morning Aldo. 
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning. 
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning. 
Liam Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. : Nick, could you give us a sense as with innovation being a big driver of growth, how the pace of hot products have been this year.
Nick Pinchuk: Well yes, sure. I hate to, I don’t like to pin myself down, but we are ahead of last year. Last year was a record. I hesitate to say a record, because it was as high as is more than we’ve seen since we’ve been measuring our hit parade products, which by definition, our definition is a product which sells $1 million in the first year after launch. And you might remember that I said last year we hit a level that was lets say between four and five times what we had just in 2006 and we are ahead of last years pace as of now.  Now, of course you got to launch it, its got to sell a $1 million, so who knows. I think there’s some great products in the pipeline, but whether the customers are going to like it or not, I’m not sure. Sometimes I’m not simpatico with the customers, but fortunately the guys who launched the product and design are, so I have confidence that we are ahead. 
Liam Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. :
 :
Nick Pinchuk: They’ve been strong. We’ve had a good strong year in diagnostics. We just launched a new product, which is rolling out on our service line. It’s got some great new features, faster and having perform more capabilities, bigger screen. It’s incredibly profitability and its incredibly popular, sorry, incredibly popular, and so I am positive about that.  Diagnostics is the movement of – people can relate to the RS&I business because you see the information. You can see the technology and the products. But one thing I want to offer is, when you are talking about critical industries, you are talking about some – in the C&I side you are talking about some fairly sophisticated items.  I was just down at an aerospace facility, at an aircraft manufacturing and repair facility and I was talking to customers, speaking to customers, because that’s where it’s expanding. I talked to one young technician there, who started to take about low frequency ebbing current; an assessment of structural damage or structural weakness in airplane fuselage.  He is one of our customers using our tools and he is talking with great authority about this kind of technology or another different guys talking about magnetic residence to determine weaknesses in the fuselage. So even on an RS&I side, I mean even on the C&I side, in critical industries, you are seeing a tremendous deployment of technology in criticality that gives us opportunity to innovate around that. 
Liam Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. : Great. Thank you, Nick. 
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: And we will go next to Richard Hilgert with Morningstar. 
Richard Hilgert - Morningstar : Thanks and good morning everybody, good quarter. 
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning Richard. 
Richard Hilgert – Morningstar: Most of my questions have already been asked, but wanted to visit a little bit about the different between margin expansion from RCI during the quarter versus the improvement that we saw in volume and in areas like the military and over in Europe and especially Europe C&I and in the hand tools side. Can you differentiate there or give us some kind of an idea of what the degree is of margin improvement from both of those. 
Nick Pinchuk: I kind of resist doing that. If you look at our numbers over time, I kind of view it like this. I kind of view volume leverage and productivity at flat volume as horns on the same goat. You basically get higher sales and you do it with the same people who are slightly less, and it drops through with a great rate, that’s RCI, because you fundamentally enable your people to do more with the same.  Then now other people might call that leverage, but we can consider that RCI if we see reasonable drop through. And the same kind of thing, its sort of the same version, if the sales are flat and we are able to reduce cost, like spend less or maybe use less, do the same kind of support to the tools group, but do it with less cost, let fright for example, less fright cost or less material cost or less design cost, those kinds of things are a positive at flat sales. 
 :
Richard Hilgert – Morningstar: But obviously breakeven has improved bottom line and I look at what EBITDA was five years ago versus where you are at today. We are looking at a 900 basis points improvement from the bottom. So any idea, can you give us some kind of an idea of magnitude on – has the breakeven improved maybe 100, 200 basis points in your opinion? 
Nick Pinchuk: You know I again resist it. I don’t think of it in those terms. I really don’t think of it in those terms. I think of it in the terms that I just – I and the Snap-on team think of it in these terms. We don’t necessarily look back so much.  We look forward and say – and not that we don’t know where we’ve come, but we say to ourselves, look, our task. We sit her now. Our task is to improve next year, improve going forward, and we find components of that and we have programs which will generate savings associated with things like design, cost reduction for products, less material. Maybe a little bit less expensive way to do the same thing with somewhat more quality, we’ll do that or we’ll find ways to enable people on the line to be able to do more.  For example, we will – I’ve done this myself. We work in a factory and bring down setup times and that will allow more throughput to the factory and more changeovers in the factors, so therefore more throughput and I can do more volume with the same people.  And so we don’t – and we have a myriad of projects in both those areas, some of them work really well, some of them don’t, but I don’t think we worry ourselves so much about which ones contributed to us. More or less we think about what’s the total result at the end. That’s what’s worked for us for 900 basis points. 
Richard Hilgert – Morningstar: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions, and again congrats on the quarter. 
Nick Pinchuk: All right. Thank you. 
Operator:  And we have no further questions in the queue at this time. I’d like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Leslie Kratcoski for any additional or closing remarks. 
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks everyone for joining us today. A replay of the call will be available shortly and as always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Have a good day. Thanks.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Vice President of Investor Relations Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Aldo J. Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated Second Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Randy, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's second quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website, next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections, are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everyone. I'll start today with some of the highlights of our second quarter, the general environment and the trends we're seeing, as well as some of the progress we made. And Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. Our second quarter results were encouraging. They offer strong evidence of Snap-on advancements along our run rates for both growth and for improvement. Our sales were up 8.2% from last year. The operating margin expanded by 130 basis points. And the earnings per share, they reached $1.80, up 20%, compared with the $1.50 reported last year. The organic sales increase was 6.6%. Incremental sales from our Challenger acquisition in May of last year, and coupled with our acquisition of Pro-Cut this past quarter, added another $10.5 million, which, along with $1.4 million of favorable foreign currency, brought our total sales for the period to $826.5 million. The operating margin for opco reached 16.7%, up from 15.4% in 2013. Financial Services' operating income increased to $34.8 million from last year's $30.6 million, driving the consolidated operating margin to 19.7%, also up 130 basis points. Now from a macro perspective, we believe the favorable conditions remain for our businesses serving automotive repair customers; the Tools Group and the Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I Group. Both have continued to experience strong demand, and in the second quarter, both of them reached new sales levels. Tools Group activity increased 6.6%. The strength of our band channel is clearly evident in those numbers and in the [indiscernible]. RS&I had an overall -- had overall organic gains of 7.7%, led by significant essential tool and facilitation sales in OEM dealerships. For the C&I group, for C&I, there are also continued signs of improvement along our runways for growth. We saw important and clear progress in our efforts extending to critical industries, and in building the physicals in the emerging markets of Asia-Pacific. U.S. Military activity. It's been a significant C&I headwind. Well, the military experience is somewhat of a resurgence, up double digits from the second quarter of last year, the first year-over-year increase since mid-2012. The C&I results are positive. We do, however, remain cautious as to the improvement within the U.S. Military business. At this point, the length and the amplitude of any recovery is quite uncertain. With that said, though, the opportunities for C&I definitely outweigh the challenges, and the results confirm it. More broadly, the operating income gains across the corporation clearly demonstrate the leverage and the power of the Snap-on Value Creation Processes: safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement. They drive our improvement every day, and they helped author our 130-basis-point gain this quarter. As I speak to the segment results, I'll highlight some of those advancements in both growth and in improvement. Let's start with C&I. I just said -- as I just said, an 8.4% organic sales increase. The group's operating margin was up 70 basis points, even while overcoming an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 80 basis points. Both higher volumes and the benefits of Snap-on Value Creation drove the margin improvement, more than offsetting the currency. Related to the volume, there were some positive gains in the group's operating unit. SNA Europe had its third straight quarter of year-over-year group -- growth, a promising trend, outperforming the present economic conditions within its own markets. SNA Europe also showed clear margin improvements in the quarter, capitalizing on the volume increases, leveraging the uptick in activity and realizing the benefits of RCI and past restructuring actions. That effect was evident in SNA Europe's growing profitability. Also in C&I, the Industrial division saw particularly strong volume in the critical aviation sector, and it's a continuation of favorable trends we saw in the first quarter. And besides the encouraging trend -- the encouraging aerospace volume, the quarter also saw a success in extending to other critical industries like natural resources, where sales were up double digits. Some of those gains -- some of these gains can be attributed to a growing line of innovative products, guided by strong customer connections, specifically designed for critical applications. One such product was just launched aimed at the power generation industry. It was the K3477, our ground-mounted transformer access tool. This new utility tool is perfect for removing or securing the penta-style bolts on underground utility transformers. It's also effective in a variety of other applications in the power generation and delivery industry. The K3477 features a pentagon socket at one end and a 3/4 hex socket at the other. The pentagon side gains access and the hex side is used on the terminals inside the transformer. The new unit employs the Snap-on -- importantly, the new unit employs the Snap-on award-winning Dual 80 ratchet technology for smooth performance, enabling the smallest of ratchet swings, very helpful in tight quarters within a transformer box. The K3477, another tool born from Snap-on customer connection, making work easier for professionals and workplaces of consequence. Reaching to new markets, the Industrial division organized hands-on product training just for its Latin American region. The meeting was attended by about 125 customers and a number of our sales reps. It included a series of in-depth technical training sessions, familiarizing customers with our latest product offering, emphasizing opportunities across the continents in multiple segments, areas like mining, oil and gas, aerospace. Industrial -- our Industrial division, rolling out of the garage, reaching new segments and new geographies like Latin America. Industrial is also working to create more customers for life in technical education. We continue to add to our list of Snap-on certified schools. Already this year, 35 new institutions have embraced our certification protocols, helping us lead in providing top-notch curriculums to the technicians of the future. We continue to build in emerging economies, areas of strong potential, and we saw sales progress in bellwether markets like China and India, activity up nicely compared to last year. C&I did have a positive quarter. It did have a positive quarter. And we know there's even more opportunity, and we're continuing in the pursuit. Let's move to the Tools Group. Sales increased 6.6% organically. Operating margin of 16.4% was also up, versus the 15.7% recorded last year, overcoming within the quarter 60 basis points of unfavorable currency impacts largely related to our operations in Australia and Canada. The 70 basis point brings our Tools Group OI margins to new levels, and that performance clearly speaks to our improving position. And when combined with the growth this quarter, it clearly demonstrates the vast -- the success we're having on this decisive runway, enhancing the franchisee channel. You can see it in the sales, and you can see it in the overall franchisee health metrics, trending positively again this quarter. Snap-on franchisees are a committed and capable force, and we're working hard every day to support their effort through creative marketing, in-house customer financing with Snap-on Credit and a growing array of innovative new products. New products like our Push-Pull Spring Tool range, designed to remove and install springs on automobiles, heavy-duty trucks and agricultural equipment with precision and speed. You see, today's techs commonly use picks and screwdrivers for these applications. These standards -- but these standard tools sometimes slip, causing the spring to go flying or to drop into the mechanism. It's a productivity killer. Snap-on's Push-Pull Spring units are uniquely designed with a robust shank and a deep V- and C-shaped grooves to securely hold and maneuver small- and medium-sized springs. It's a winning tool line shaped by direct observation, customer trial and feedback. Products like our power tools, our 14 -- our new power tools. So 14 -- let's take one. A 14.4-volt, 3/8-inch cordless impact wrench, high torque, small size, power in your product -- in your pocket. This impact gun and its twin, the 14.4-volt cordless screwdriver, combine to display Snap-on innovation and to help drive the Tools Group volume. On another front, the growing strength of our Tools Group marketing is also evident with the increases in big-ticket sales. And a lot of that credit goes to Snap-on hands-on demonstration vehicles, the Rock 'N Roll Cab Express and the TechKnow Express vans, both driving excitement and sales. The Rock 'N Roll Express showcases a broad range of Snap-on tool storage -- of the Snap-on tool storage line, colors, shapes, options. You've been listening to these calls for any time, you've heard that the product variety made available for hands-on selection on the Rock 'N Roll van is a significant contributor to the Tools Group growth. For handheld diagnostics, the TechKnow Express vans. The TechKnow Express vans follow the path blazed by the Rock 'N Roll Express, offering customers the ability to touch and to feel and to navigate. In essence, try out our assortment of diagnostic solutions, easing the way to make that big-ticket buying decision, all under one roof. And we keep adding to our TechKnow fleet. We now have 24 with more on the way. Another advantage for the Tools Group is our Financial Services arm, Snap-on Credit, strategic programs aimed at smoothing the way for those big-ticket categories of tool storage and diagnostics. Again this quarter, our credit company played an essential role in enhancing our van channel and helping us drive the sales growth. Well, that's the Tools Group. Attractive new products guided by customer connection, innovative marketing and a unique credit capability, all helping the vans reach new levels. Now let's move to RS&I. Organic sales growth of 7.7%, while the second quarter operating margin of 23.2%, 23.2%, compared to last year's 23%. The overall sales gain was $32.3 million, or 13.1%. $19.1 million of organic sales, $2.7 million of favorable currency, and $10.5 million of sales from our acquisition Challenger Lifts and our recent add, Pro-Cut International. We're excited to add Pro-Cut to the portfolio, a well-established brand that complements the RS&I lineup. Challenger Lifts and the newly acquired Pro-Cut advance brake servicing product line, both giving us more to sell to vehicle repair shop owners and managers, to customers and independent shops and national service chains and in OEM dealerships. They're both positive steps along our runway for coherent growth in the repair garage. Beyond acquisitions, RS&I registered organic sales gains across the group, from repair information to diagnostic products within independent repair shops, to program activity in support of OEM dealerships. The robust organic sales were driven, in part, by innovation in new product lines. In April, a new product launch -- in April, the diagnostic division was, again, voted the Top 10 tool Award winner by the readers of Undercar Digest magazine. These awards are determined by technicians and shop owners, the people who use diagnostics every day to make their living. And they voted 2 Snap-on handheld units, the VERUS PRO and the ETHOS Plus, as being among their most important tools. This, again, -- This, again, extends our string of Undercar Digest Top 10 Awards for Snap-on diagnostics. Our past winners include, listen to this list, VERUS, VERDICT, SOLUS PRO, SOLUS Ultra, and now the VERUS PRO and ETHOS Plus, a parade of innovation. New products also helped bolster our sales in our OEM solution business, up double digits in the quarter. One assist in that growth was our expansion in the agricultural sector. In the period, we launched distribution of the essential diagnostic system for a major manufacturer of agricultural equipment, with repair outlets over 5 continents. The system will be used in 6 facilities and in mobile shops to deliver diagnostic repair services across the globe. We like this program. It has strategic -- it has significant strategic importance in extending our diagnostic reach to new customers in another critical arena: agricultural equipment. Another product, another new product, the Snap-on PRO-LINK Ultra heavy-truck diagnostic tool, was also launched in the quarter. It's a next-generation device that'll make work easier in more than 60,000 heavy-duty shops throughout North America. This new unit helps diagnose and repair a variety of problems, including engine transmission and brake issues on commercial vehicles ranging from light diesels to Class 8 heavy-duty trucks. The PRO-LINK Ultra has a faster processor, includes more memory, is Wi-Fi enabled and incorporates updated OEM software and arrives preconfigured for a repair connect upgrade. That's Snap-on's proprietary system that allows users to link trouble codes with the most likely fixes based on our extensive library of real vehicle repair data. To wrap up RS&I, we've seen new diagnostics, unique repair information for cars and for trucks, and a growing undercar equipment offering that now adds both Challenger and Pro-Cut products to our established lines. Real strengths that are driving positive trends and have improved our positions with repair shop owners and managers, and you can see it in the results. Well, that's the highlights of the quarter: growth and improvement; sales up 6.6% organically, overcoming headwinds; OI margin of 16.7%, up 130 basis points; C&I strength with critical industries and with SNA Europe's ongoing improvement, the third straight quarter of year-over-year growth; the Tools Group getting stronger, robust sales and operating margin, continuing to enhance our franchise network with success; RS&I, advancing its position with gains in both independent shops and OEMs; and Financial Services, raising its contribution both financially and strategically. It was another encouraging quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo, who will take you through the financials in detail.
Aldo J. Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our second quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $826.5 million in the quarter increased $62.4 million, or 8.2%, from 2013 levels, reflecting broad-based gains across all segments, and include higher sales to auto repair mechanics, customers in critical industries and OEM dealerships. Organically, sales increased 6.6%, excluding $10.5 million of acquisition-related sales and $1.4 million of favorable foreign currency translation. Consolidated gross profit of $400.4 million increased $27.2 million from 2013 levels. Gross margin of 48.4% in the quarter decreased 40 basis points, primarily due to 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects, partially offset by savings from ongoing RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $262.3 million increased $6.9 million. The operating expenses margin of 31.7% improved 170 basis points from 33.4% a year ago, primarily due to sales volume leverage. Restructuring costs of $1.4 million in the quarter compares to $1.8 million of such costs last year. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before Financial Services of $138.1 million in the quarter increased $20.3 million, or 17.2%, and, as a percentage of sales, improved 130 basis points to 16.7%. Operating earnings from Financial Services of $34.8 million increased 13.7% over prior year levels. Consolidated operating earnings totaled $172.2 million, and the operating margin of 19.7% improved 130 basis points from 18.4% a year ago. Our second quarter effective income tax rate of 32.9% compared with 32.5% last year. Finally, net earnings in the quarter of $106.1 million, or $1.80 per diluted share, compared to net earnings of $88.4 million, or $1.50 per share last year, representing a 20% increase in earnings per share. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with Commercial & Industrial, or C&I Group, on Slide 7. Sales of $287.2 million in the quarter were up 8.4% organically, primarily reflecting a double-digit sales gain to customers in critical industries and a mid-single-digit sales increase in our European-based hand tool business. Gross profit in the C&I group totaled $111.8 million in the quarter. Gross margin of 38.9% decreased 70 basis points from last year, as benefits from increased sales and savings from ongoing RCI initiatives were more than offset by higher costs, including $2.7 million, or 80 basis points, of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $73.6 million in the quarter increased $1.8 million over 2013 levels, primarily due to higher volume-related expenses. The operating expense margin of 25.6% improved 140 basis points, primarily due to sales volume leverage. As a result of these factors, second quarter operating earnings for the C&I segment of $38.2 million increased $4.6 million, or 13.7%, from 2013 levels; and the operating margin of 13.3% improved 70 basis points from 12.6% last year, despite 80 basis points of unfavorable currency effects. Turning now to Slide 8. Second quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $369.1 million increased 6.6% organically, reflecting a mid-single-digit sales increase in our U.S. franchise operations and a high single-digit sales increase in our international franchise operations. Gross profit of $161.1 million increased $8.2 million from 2013 levels, while the gross margin of 43.6% decreased 60 basis points, due to $2.1 million, or 60 basis points, of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $100.6 million in the quarter increased $2.2 million from 2013 levels, primarily due to higher volume-related expenses. The operating expense margin of 27.2% improved 130 basis points from 28.5% last year, primarily due to sales volume leverage. As a result of these factors, operating earnings of $60.5 million for the Snap-on Tools Group increased $6 million, or 11%; and the operating margin of 16.4% improved 70 basis points from 15.7%. Turning now to the Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I Group, shown on Slide 9. Sales of $278.5 million increased $32.3 million, or 13.1%, from 2013 levels. Excluding $10.5 million of acquisition-related sales and $2.7 million of favorable foreign currency translation, organic sales were up 7.7%, primarily due to a double-digit gain in sales to OEM dealership service and repair shops and a mid-single-digit increase in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers. Gross profit of $127.5 million in the quarter increased $12.6 million over 2013 levels. Gross margin of 45.8% decreased 90 basis points, primarily due to a shift in sales that included higher volumes of lower gross margin products, including increased essential tool and facilitation sales to OEM dealerships, as well as sales of Challenger products. Continued savings from ongoing RCI initiatives more than offset $0.6 million, or a higher restructuring cost. Operating expenses totaled $62.9 million in the quarter, and the operating expense margin of 22.6% improved 110 basis points from 23.7% last year largely due to sales volume leverage, including benefits from the sales shift discussed earlier. Second quarter operating earnings of $64.6 million for the RS&I group increased $7.9 million from prior year levels, and the operating margin of 23.2% in the quarter improved 20 basis points. Now turning to Slide 10. In the second quarter, earnings from Financial Services of $34.8 million and revenues of $51.7 million compares with operating earnings of $30.6 million on revenue of $44.5 million last year. The average yield on finance receivables of 17.5% compared with 17.4% last year. The average yield on contract receivables of 9.5% compared with 9.6% last year. Originations of $232.7 million in the quarter increased 14.6% from 2013 levels. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter-end balance sheet includes approximately $1.3 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.1 billion from our U.S. Snap-on Credit operation. Approximately 80% of our U.S. financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. During the second quarter, our worldwide Financial Services portfolio grew approximately $65 million. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operations of $124.4 million in the quarter increased $14.3 million from comparable 2013 levels, primarily as a result of higher 2014 net earnings. Net cash used by investing activities of $119.7 million included $58 million to fund the net increase in finance receivables, and also included $41.6 million for the previously communicated acquisition of Pro-Cut. Capital expenditures of $22.7 million in the quarter compared with $16.7 million last year. Turning to Slide 13. Days sales outstanding for trade and other receivables of 64 days compared with 62 days at 2013 year end and 65 days at the end of the first quarter. Inventories increased $33.1 million from 2013 year end, primarily to support continued higher customer demand and new product introductions, and from the addition of inventories related to Pro-Cut. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.7x compared with turns of 3.8 at 2013 year end. The quarter-end cash position of $115.8 million decreased $101.8 million from 2013 year-end levels. That's primarily due to $100 million March 2014 debt repayment. The net decrease in cash also reflects the impacts of funding $370.6 million of new finance receivables; share repurchases of $62.5 million, or 550,000 shares; dividend payments of $51.2 million; the acquisition of Pro-Cut for $41.6 million; and $41 million of capital expenditures. These uses of cash were partially offset by $282.3 million of cash from collections of finance receivables and $212.7 million of cash from operations. At the end of the second quarter, our net debt-to-cap ratio was 26%. In addition to our $116 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, and our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access commercial paper markets. At quarter end, we had $29.5 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. I'll conclude by mentioning a few outlook items. We continue to expect that our full year 2014 effective income tax rate will be comparable to our 2013 rate of 32.3%, and we now anticipate capital expenditures for the year will be in the range of $75 million to $80 million. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, as I said at the start, we are encouraged by the quarter. We believe the results are more confirmation of our progress, but they're also clear evidence of the opportunities that remain. We've been saying for some time that as we look forward, Snap-on has abundant runways -- abundant and wide runways for both improvement and for growth, and we believe that the quarter's performance adds to a long trend that reinforces that outlook. We are demonstrating clear gains moving down our runways for growth, enhancing the franchise network. Tools Group sales growing, operating earnings at new heights, innovative new products, strong franchisee metrics and a credit company amplifying that strength with greater effects, expanding with our repair shop owners and managers, RS&I growing, diagnostics and information products stronger with independent shops. A successful Challenger acquisition and a new Pro-Cut addition widening the product offering, extending to critical industries. C&I growing organically at 8.4% with a 70 basis point increase in OI margins, overcoming 80 basis points of unfavorable currency. Rolling the Snap-On brand out of the garage to sectors like aviation and natural resources. SNA Europe clawing back. Building in emerging markets, the physicals getting stronger each quarter and seeing it in our market position. We're also progressing down our runways for improvement. Snap-on Value Creation, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation of rapid continuous improvement, driving margin gains across the entire corporation. So we are encouraged by the continuing trends. Sales up 6.6% organically, opco OI margin reaching 16.7%, rising 130 basis points. But we believe there is much more, and we are confident that we're positioned with the capability and the intent to take full advantage and to continue our trajectory of positive performance for the foreseeable future. Before I turn the call over to the operator, it's appropriate to speak to our franchisees and associates. I know that, once again, many of you are listening. Our progress in the second quarter and the positive trends are a direct result of your extraordinary capability and your continuing commitment. The role you play in our ongoing achievement, you have my congratulations. And for your unfailing dedication to our team, you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Liam Burke from Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: In terms of Snap-on Tools, you have tools that are guaranteed for life. Now you're seeing a pretty nice growth out of that base market. Is it bigger-ticket items, is it new product introductions or is it market share that are contributing to this better-than-average, better-than-expected growth?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: That's a great question. One of the great questions I think is -- one of our big product lines are hand tools, we guarantee them for life. So how is it we have a business at all? And the answer is, is what happens in the marketplace, particularly in the auto repair marketplace, there's a tremendous motion of technology that creates the requirements, things like the spring tool, like the Push-Pull Spring Tool I talked about, and a number of other products. And so when you look at this business, you see -- first and foremost, you see innovative new products rolling out, because our Snap-on Value Creation around customer connection and innovation is working better before -- better than ever before, and we're having more hit products than we've ever had, 5 or 6 times what we had just in 2006. So you see a lot of those and that creates excitement. So we're doing that better. Underlying that is the change in the vehicles, that's one. Two is, we're reaching more customers because we're enabling our van drivers to be more effective. Part of that is really innovative marketing. Things like the Rock 'N Roll Cab Express and the TechKnow Express, and other things we're doing on the van to make our drivers better. And this general productivity rolling through the van is pretty good. And then, thirdly, the credit company. Since we brought the credit company home, we've learned more things about credit than we ever thought we could, especially applied strategically in the marketplace. And all this is coming together with a team that's starting to learn this. And the Tools Group is singing. I mean, you see the sales of 6.6% this quarter, and I think that last second quarter it was 7%, and the second quarter before that it was 10%, and the second quarter before that it was 10%, and the second quarter before that it was 7.6%. Now, I'm not -- as I say, we think -- we say we're going to grow organically at 4% to 6%, and the Tools Group, by all rights, should be at the lower end of that, and that's what we keep saying. But our team in the Tools Group is doing a great job, and they are expanding their position. I'm not going to say we have a bigger market share, but I kind of like the numbers.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And real quickly on C&I, you see -- continuing to see some momentum build in Europe. Are there any verticals or critical industries that are doing particularly well?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, I think Europe, the play is more by country, perhaps you might say that. I mean, I think no particular industry. I don't think you're seeing the construction industry come back too quickly. And we felt -- in some of that, the agricultural industries are good, big industry is good, aviation is okay. But I want to emphasize what I said in my call, we're growing mid-single digits in Europe in places like Germany and France and even Spain, the U.K., and this is defying the GDP. The GDP in Germany, for example, is forecasted in the second quarter at 1.8%, France is 0.4%, Spain is 1%, U.K. is 3.1%. So our guys are outgrowing the GDP. I just think it's the fact that we have had faith in that market. We're seeing our customers didn't go away, continuing to pound Snap-on Value Creation, making them more efficient and, in one of the more efficient places, is developing better products, more innovative products. And that's playing out now that they're seeing even a little sliver of daylight. That's what's working for us there. There's nothing particularly special, I think it's just being in a proper position when a little bit of opportunity presents itself.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from David Leiker from Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I just want to follow up on the organic growth. It seems like -- well, it doesn't seem like, we've had an acceleration in the growth rates, the 6.6% across the company. My numbers show that's the best since the first quarter of 2002. Do you think there's something in particular going on this quarter that's behind that? Or do you think this is an inflection higher and a new trend of a higher pace of sales than we've seen the last 2 years?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, it's better than a stick in the eye to see the 6.6%, of course. And I'm still sticking to my 4% to 6%. I think we're quite pleased with what we saw in the second quarter. We always know that -- and we're seeing positive trends, what are we, like, 5% in the first quarter and so on. So we're seeing our businesses start to become more effective, and I think there are elements inside these businesses that are working that way. I think as we look forward, I think we expect this kind of trend to continue, but I think 4% to 6% is the right -- are the right numbers. But when you look at these numbers, you feel certainly more encouraged about that 4% to 6%. As I've said on every quarter 2 call I've been on -- and I'm not pre-staging anything up or down -- the third quarter is always squirrely because we've got vacations and so on, where the technicians take vacation. They go to the FSC. They park their van and Europe is off in July and August, depending on where you are. And you'll never know when the distributors are going to come back, and so it's more difficult to predict that. But if I think if you look out over the trend, the quarters, we're going to see -- and I'm not predicting anything bad or -- in that, I'm just saying, there always is more turbulence, more windage in that quarter. Over time, I think this is got to be encouraging to us.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then if we look at the gross profit and the currency headwinds, Aldo, I think, or Nick, I don't remember which one, called out Australia and Canada in particular. Is that shifting from the U.S. into those markets?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: That's what it is.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: The transactional effect, where is that coming from?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Tools Group. And it hits us in 2 places. Those particular currencies, of course, you have translation because we have operations there, and they do okay. And so to the extent the Canadian dollar is smaller and the Australian dollar is weaker, there's an impact on translation both at the sales line and the operating income line. But the big effect was transaction, as you're referencing here, where we sell -- what we're talking about here mostly here in Canada is taking the Tools Group and selling out of the United States factories into those jurisdictions. And so what happens is, you've got a selling price that now is less in U.S. dollars, and so you try to punch it up, but it takes a while to move the selling price up to match that. And so you -- inevitably, when currencies go down, you have transaction effects, and that's what's happening there. The currencies -- where the currencies are now -- there's variations as we go through the year. But where the currencies are now, they -- I think they're about where they were at the end of last year, I think roughly, if you look at all the currencies together. So I don't see any trends for the end of the year, I don't see any changes in that currency position.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: It sounds like you -- a lot of the transactional aspect of those maybe diminishing some, it sounds like you...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, maybe. I think, look, I think the advantage -- you might be entitled to the following. The -- when you look at the currencies and you start playing out month by month, there's a lot of variations. All I'm saying is when you get to the end of the year, there's a lot less variations from where we are now. So there's -- it goes in and goes out as you go through the year. But from an operating guy point of view, you might be entitled to the idea that if the currency drops, like in Australia and Canada, we'd be trying to push up the pricing to recapture some of that. That's where I -- yes, you would be.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And, I guess, the question is, as we look at it sequentially here, how long does it take for that pricing to start to flow through the numbers?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't know. It's a long -- I can't give you any number. It's like -- you know how this works. Okay, you try to move the pricing up and maybe it doesn't hold so well and so on. So it's not an exact science. You just charge your operating guys with saying, "Look, let's try to get some of this back." It doesn't always work. Sometimes it does work. For example, this time last year, we had a big ding in India, for example, and it took us a long time to get us back up and we're still not back up, but we got some of it back.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then the last item for me is you've done a great job across your businesses. Arguably in those businesses, you're outgrowing your competitors. What are you seeing across, I don't know, a couple of the businesses? Maybe you can do this. What are you seeing the competitive reaction, from your competitors as you guys continue to put up this strong performance?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I can only tell you what I hear from the people on the ground. And so I was just out at Joliet, where the drag race, we had the Nationals. The NHRA drag race out there, the Nationals, and we hosted 1,200 customers. I talked to a number of them, almost all of them probably. And they didn't mention the competition whatsoever. So I didn't hear anybody say -- hey, I'm not saying people aren't doing stuff. I'm not saying they aren't smart people. I'm not saying they're not aggressive in trying to do things. But what I'm getting feedback from in the operations and at the grassroots are mostly focused on how we can get better, how we can strengthen our position with the customer. It's all about our relationship with the customer. It's almost never "Oh, I got this competition that's going to bother me." It's almost all focused on our relationship. And I think this is the kind of feedback you get from a market leader, of which we are clearly the leader in almost all these segments.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from David MacGregor from Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: I wanted to ask you -- clearly, you're benefiting from a lot of the innovation that you're taking to market. And I know, historically, there's been sort of a fairly set level of spending on innovation with respect to revenues. So I guess the question is just, what's gating you or limiting you from just accelerating your innovation investment? And where do you think the sort of the point of diminishing marginal returns are on that investment program?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't know. Look, I think what gates it is our own capability. At some level, we're not smart enough to do any more. And so part of it though is, I think -- that's one, and what I mean by that is this: our drive for innovation has to do with our observations in the field. It's not gated by the innovation back here. So in terms of that -- what I mean back here, I mean, at the center, the R&D labs and so on. So what I mean by that is we're gated by how many people for how many hours we have in the workplace. Our R&D spending is up, and it'll fluctuate from time to time, and we spend more in different places. And I guess you would say that over time, we're growing our capability, hiring more engineers. But in my view, the big pacing item is around the unique strategic value that Snap-on has. That is the understanding of the marketplace and the feedback of that understanding into the innovation system that creates these new products. As I talked about today, that tool for the transmission door -- for the power generation door, the transformer door -- that came out of observing how people service transformers. Somebody was there watching and said, "Boy, we can save a lot of time." Or the thing with the springs. Somebody's in the garage watching the springs being unloaded or taken out of the vehicle and watching them fly all over the place, and watching mechanics chase them around. That fed back into, "Boy, we can make this more productive." That's the key, and that's what feeds us. But it’s a unique value and strategic advantage we have, and that's what we're wielding to greater effect now.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: How do you know you're pricing the innovation properly with so much innovation coming down the pipe? How do you explore kind of the upside or the elasticity?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Geez, I don't know. I think we're priced pretty high now. I mean, we think we're up there in terms of pricing. I don't think anybody's ever asked us, "Are you too shy in your pricing?" I don't think anybody's thought that. Now you could ask, "Okay, where do you price it?" And I think we get that from the field. We have our franchisees, our franchise performance teams that are out there and right -- if you want to take the Tools Group. And with technicians who are out there all the time in the marketplace, and they have a feel for what a tool will sell for. And I think then we kind of price off our own -- our former tool and say, "How much innovation is this? How much would it be worth for the customer? How flashy will this be?" And we make a judgment. It's probably not as analytic as you would hope in some orbs, but our position in the marketplace is more an art informed by tremendous understanding of the customer.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Second question, just -- obviously, you've had a lot of success with the Rock ‘N Roll Cab Express, the TechKnow Van. It's been driving big-ticket sales. It's been driving growth in the Tools segment. But if you exclude those big-ticket storage and diagnostics business, can you just talk about what you're seeing in terms of possible acceleration and growth for sockets and wrenches and just the core tool [indiscernible]?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, the sockets and the wrenches are up somewhat higher than the average this quarter. So that's going okay. I think -- yes, the sockets might be up higher, so that's -- so we don't see any diminutization of that, I don't think. I think -- look, I think you could argue that to the extent that we have more innovation and we punch into new areas and come up with more ideas that aren't exactly wrenches and sockets, they become a smaller percentage, of course, but they're no less important. In fact, I was on a van in Encino, California last week. One of our van drivers, Matt Scott, he took me around to a Mercedes dealer and a Tesla dealer where I saw a huge number of Snap-on tools and Snap-on boxes. And a couple of young technicians got on the van. Mark Scott [ph], he had been technician for like 5 years, and Juan Gutierrez [ph] gets on, and he's only 3 years. And they all have like -- they'll say, "I have 5 or 6 ratchets already, but I need this special low-profile ratchet to get inside this particular product." So I think there is no shortage of need for innovative new hand tools, ratchets and sockets and wrenches, even with young technicians, even today, even at a place like Tesla.
Operator: And we will now take our next question from Gary Prestopino from Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered. But, Nick, in terms of what you're doing in the van channel with the Rock 'N Roll vans and the TechKnow vans, have you expanded that outside of the U.S. to other countries where you...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, we've got about 5 outside the U.S. I don't know -- sometimes when people say "outside the U.S.," we're talking -- I think for purposes of the way you asked the question, yes, 53 of the 58 Rock 'N Roll cabs are inside the United States. We don't have one in Hawaii, I guess. We've got one in Puerto Rico. And we've got 4 or 5 in Canada, we've got 4 in Canada. So, yes, but there haven't been as pushed as far outside the U.S. Canada is -- the routes are broader, so there's a different approach there, I think. You could argue, "Should they be in the U.K. and Australia?" And we're looking at that now. Well, maybe there's an opportunity there, I'm not -- we're not sure yet.
Operator: And we will now take our next question from Richard Hilgert from Morningstar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First one, looking at the Financial Services balance sheet. We've been expecting the growth rates on the receivables to progressively come down a little bit, because you've grown the base over the last 5 years, and as the company continues to grow, you're adding to that base, but the base is a much larger base. But we've seen here the first couple of quarters of this year that it seems like the growth in financial receivables has accelerated a little bit, and I was curious if there's anything going on there.
Aldo J. Pagliari: This is Aldo, Richard. First off, sure, the first half of the year has been a strong beginning for Financial Services, and it reflects -- if you go back over time, the trailing 12-month performance of our big-ticket items is really where the sweet spot for Financial Services does well, and it continues to do so. So we're pleased with that, and we work in concert with the Tools Group to organize programs that call attention both to the tools that we like to feature in the Tools Group and the innovative products that Nick described earlier, as well as programs that we have to make them attractive to the customers of the franchisees -- that is, the mechanics. So our participation rates have been a little bit better. And again, first half of the year has been pretty good for Snap-on Credit. Long way, we continue with the view that, over time, 90-plus percent of what the Financial Services unit does is in support of the Tools Group. And over time, it will reflect the long-term growth rates of that division. So that's still the advice that we give when we model it ourselves internally, and I guess when we talk to people like yourself.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Looking at the quarterly CapEx. That's, at an absolute level, one of the highest I've seen on a quarterly basis going back over the last 5 years. Are we going to see an acceleration in CapEx going forward beyond the $75 million, $80 million that we're looking at this year?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. Look, I don't think so. I think just -- I think we said we were at $70 million to $80 million last quarter, now we said $75 million to $80 million. But this is just -- a few more projects came up that we thought we could invest in. They were talking about the tools factories in the United States, there's some investment in Asia, doing some in Europe and some in R&D or in our places here. I think you're seeing kind of noise in the quarter, and with a maybe slight bias for upward movement. But if I was -- shall I say, if I was a cash flow modeler, for example, I wouldn't be thinking that CapEx is going to explode or get much higher. It'll move up over time, but I'm not thinking we're going to double it or go up by 50% next year, or anything like that. Of course, I'd probably have a big project next quarter that I'll announce, but I don't think so.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right. And then on the margins for the quarter being what they are, and Europe still being -- what is it, roughly 20% of overall revenue?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: That's about right.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Yes, any thoughts to -- you've had this target out there of mid-cycle -- or pardon me, mid-teens EBITDA margins. But even with Europe and the softness over there, we've seen it come back this quarter, you're still able to generate an EBIT margin above 16.5%, EBITDA margin slightly ahead of 19%, that's excluding or having Financial Services on an equity basis. Any thoughts to maybe that target of yours moving up a little bit, given the progress you've made, but still having a big chunk of revenues still being slow?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Hey, look. Here's what I think I would say on that, and I think we've said this effect in other orbs. I think we're looking at the mid-teens in the rearview mirror, what we thought was the mid-teens, and so we're by that now. And that doesn't mean we won't have a quarter that's below that, don't -- that doesn't -- I don't mean that every quarter, or anything like that, but I'm talking about the trend. I think we've passed our goal that we set back in, what, 2005 or something like that, when we were back at 6.5% OI margin. We said mid-teens. But what we're saying -- I think we're viewing it going forward, it's not necessarily a target, but I'm telling you that absent macroeconomic turbulence of significance, we see -- we don't see ourselves being interrupted in terms of our growth. We do think that if we never got another dollar of incremental sales, we would be able to increase the margins because of Snap-on Value Creation and its effect on the operations, and there's so much more to improve. And secondly, we do believe though that we're not going to be flat. We think we have ample runways for growth in the van channel with the repair shop owners and managers, with the extending critical industries in emerging markets, and that's going to add leverage to that. So we see our margins continuing to go up at some pace, and we don't necessarily see a near-term ceiling to that. That doesn't mean there isn't a ceiling some place. But we're sitting here [indiscernible], we see that. So I'm not saying we're at a ceiling or anything like that.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Kratcoski.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Great. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly, and, as always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: And this does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie Kratcoski - IR Nicholas Pinchuk - CEO Aldo Pagliari - CFO
Analyst: Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Liam Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc.  
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated First Quarter Investor Call. Today's conference is being recorded.  At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead.
Leslie Kratcoski : Thanks, Sarah, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on’s first quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning and with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of the call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick? 
Nicholas Pinchuk : Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everyone. As usual I'll start today’s call with the highlights of our quarter. I'll give you my perspective on the results, on our markets and on our progress. Then Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. Our first quarter results were encouraging. They demonstrate clear progress along our runways for both growth and improvement. Our sales were up 6.2% from last year. The operating margin expanded by 100 basis points and the earnings per share increased 15.7% to $1.62. The organic sales increase was 5%.  Challenger Lifts, which you'll recall, we acquired in the second quarter last year, added another 15.2 million which along with an 80 basis point impact from unfavorable foreign exchange rates brought our total sales for the quarter to 787.5 million.  The EPS rise included an opco operating margin expansion to 15.5%, up from 14.5% in 2013. Financial services operating income increased to 34.4 million from last year’s 30.5, driving the consolidated numbers to -- operating margin to 18.6%, also up 100 basis points. Both the operating margin and the total margin were up 100 basis points.  From a macroeconomic standpoint, our automotive repair related businesses, the Tools Group and the Repair Systems & Information or RS&I Group, they’ve enjoyed a reasonably favorable environment for quite some time. And I'd say there is no real change. Now RS&I overall organic activity was up only slightly. But that primarily reflects the wind down of a major OEM program rather than any real change in market dynamics. You’ll also remember that C&I is where the majority of our headwinds have been concentrated. So that’s an area where I think is worth more -- a more discussion is warranted. And as you can tell from the group's, 10.4% organic rise, there were encouraging gains backed by some evolution of the environment. In Europe, one of the big highlights of our fourth-quarter was the lessening of our headwinds. And in conjunction with that, the first upturn in sales we've seen in some time for our European-based hand tool business, SNA Europe.  Encouragingly, our first quarter was up again. So that’s a real positive. And SNA Europe is a solid contributor to C&I’s current growth. But I would characterize the C&I performance this quarter less about market improvement and more about day-to-day business progression. For example, we did see some important advancement in our extension to critical industries. It’s an area we've been focusing on, and it’s paying off.  At the same time, we’ve moved past the most difficult comparisons related to the reduced military spending and that's allowing the European contributions in critical industry gains to shine through, without as much year-over-year military offset to mask the progress. So many of our markets remain strong and the headwind of Europe is abating. But headwinds do remain. The current situation in Eastern Europe does create an overhang and that did have an impact on our businesses.  And while the military comparisons are not as challenging, the absolute spending in that sector remains depressed without any near-term indication of a return to past levels. But generally at the end of the day, there will always be headwinds. And we do believe that, no matter the market environment, we're well-positioned to continue advancing down our four defined runways for growth enhancing the franchise channel, extending into the critical industries, expanding Snap-on’s presence in the garage and building in emerging markets.  And along with that progress, that advancement, we believe that the Snap-on value creation processes of safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement or RCI will extend our positive performance trend and continue to drive us down our ample runways for improvement. And as I speak of the segment results, I’ll highlight some of the advancements in both growth and in net improvement. Let’s start with C&I. Sales in the quarter were up organically by 10.4%, the operating margin reached 13.5%, up significantly from last year’s 11.5%. Related to those sales, there were gains in each of the group’s operating units and as I already mentioned, one of the real highlights was a second consecutive quarter of growth for SNA Europe. We’re starting to see a trend in Europe and we also saw a double digit rise in our industrial division where we have our primary focus on the spending to critical industries. And in that area, we had some big wins particularly in aviation. Also noteworthy in Asia was solid growth in important markets like India and the Philippines, much of that was driven by our expanding undercar equipment line-up that was made possible by the further significant ramp up of the production at our Kunshan plant. The C&I quarter saw benefits both from higher sales and from RCI. You can see it in the rise of the OI margin, up 200 basis points. Regarding the margins, SNA Europe deserves mention. Even before the volume started coming back late last year, that operation was contributing some noticeable profitability increases and that improvement continued again this quarter now amplified by the aid of volume.  As for the industrial division and the robust growth in that business, the activity this quarter with customers and then critical aerospace sector clearly demonstrates traction. That area has been a primary focus of our extension into critical industries and the results are showing through with some large win. I said for quite some time that there is a bit of learning curve in understanding the customers in critical industries with the same level of insight we have with automotive technicians. Now we are making progress with customer connection spending time in the work places, launching innovative new products based on those observations, for example -- and for example we’re participating side by side at customer sites in RCI events and in safety training, becoming more familiar with the work, with the challenges and with the needs of our customers. You see RCI and safety are often directly related to making the work easier and safer with the right tool, and that’s our business. Speaking to the right tool, I want to highlight a couple of new products that demonstrate customer connection and innovation applied to (south) [ph] critical test. We recently launched a new design of cutters called the cushion throat cutter. They were designed specifically for use in aviation where aero tools or material commonly referred to as foreign object damage, they can cause big problems in an engine. While we took our standard power edge cutters but added a feature that catches wire other material that was cut -- that other material that gets cut preventing it from flying off and causing troubles. This is a good example of job insight offering new tools and building our presence. In this case in the critical aviation sector a simple idea based on customer connection that makes a great difference. Oil and gas another area of focus and we have an expanding offering for applications in the oilfields, in power plants and in offshore rigs. Our visits to those sites recently highlighted the field technicians' struggle with making valve adjustments on the natural gas engines that are prevalent in that environment. As a result of that observation, we developed our new pass through socket to solve that particular problem creating just the special geometry that ends the struggle, another clear example of customer connection and innovation coming together to make work easier in a critical application. So that’s a bit of colour on the C&I progress. Now on to tools, the tools group. Sales were up 6% organically, operating margin up 14.3% compared to 14.4% last year, including in the quarter 50 basis points of unfavourable currency impacts from our operations in Canada and Australia. Our organic growth for the past four years of 9%, 9.2%, 10.7% and 7.6%, certainly speaks to the improved position of the tools group. And the growth this quarter following on the heels of that kind of sustained trend demonstrates the success we’ve had on this decisive runway for growth, enhancing the franchise channel. But the enhancement is not just about sales, we see the progress in many places in the metrics we track, in the low franchisee turnover, in the high enthusiasm, in the external validation by independent surveys of our franchisees, they all confirm substantial progress. Much of the strength we've seen could be tied to the great innovative new products that Snap-on has to offer when showing up every week at repair shops. Products like the MODIS Ultra handheld diagnostic unit, faster with a bigger full colour touch screen and our Fast-Track Expert information, it’s launched last year in the U.S. it’s been a big success and it’s helping to drive big ticket volume. During this quarter, we brought the MODIS Ultra to the UK and to Australia, it’s been well received in both markets and has contributed significantly to our international growth. Also speaking on new products and innovation, you might recall the S6810 Flip Socket, the MOTOR Magazine Top 20 award winning tool, we introduced last year. Sounds simple. A two sided socket, 8 millimeter and 10 millimeters on opposite sides, very common sizes on under body panel.  The new socket can be quickly flipped for convenience, and removing panels with only one tool. It’s a real timesaver and as a consequence, a big success. We have taken that idea and expanded it to other common sizes, adding a 13 millimeter and 15 millimeter combo, and specifically for European mix a 9 millimeter and 11 millimeter combo. And for Asian model, a 12 millimeter and 14 millimeter combo were sold in a set to span a range of vehicles a technician is likely to see, and a design to be used what our Snap-on CT power tool series. That combination is now one of this year’s hit.  When it comes to new product innovation, you think that there might not have been much opportunity in a product line like a ratchet. They’ve been around a long time. But actually we've been growing in that category over an extended period based on customer connection, innovation and design capabilities. You see preferences differ greatly among technicians depending on the mix of vehicles they encounter and the pairs on which they focus. So we take an advantage of those varying needs by introducing multiple ratchet designs and features against the relatively standard offerings of our competitors. I’ll mention one of those variations. Our quarter inch drive extended reach series, it incorporates an extra-long handle, we believe the longest quarter inch drive available anywhere. It reaches hard to access areas and allows a greater leverage. It also has a quick release mechanism for those who want speed and I am fortunate incorporates our Dual 80 technology for strength and durability, another hit product, innovation even in a fully established line like ratchet, finely related to the tools group and its growth.  I want to mention our financial services segment. Aldo will speak of that area in some detail, but I just want to highlight the strategic importance of financial services at Snap-on, and how important it's been to the advancement, especially in those big ticket categories of diagnostics and tools storage. Those products has helped blaze the trail enhancing our franchisees and Snap-on credit continues to be an essential and strategic player in that progress. Let’s move to RS&I. The results were encouraging, but not as straightforward as for the other groups. Overall sales were up 6.7%, the operating margin at 22.1% compared to 22% last year. We did have higher restructuring charges this year that reduced margins by about 60 basis points, and adding in the lower margin Challenger sales also had an impact. These two items more than offset, was in fact a reasonable profit expansion in RS&I authored by rapid continuous improvement.  The overall RS&I sales gain included 15.2 million of Challenger lifts with only a small organic increase, reflecting primarily the wind-down of some essential tool programs at the OEM dealerships which we discussed quite a bit last year, if you might remember. As many of you know the essential tool business does tend to be a bit lumpy, thus the tough comparison in the OEM space. I will say that in this year’s first quarter, we also had some new programs. So we actually don’t see the OEMs are pulling back.  This comparison just reflects the nature of this type of business and that lumpiness largely offsets the real progress with the diagnostics and repair information products we're selling into independent shop owners and managers. We have seen those increases with independents for some time and the gains continues in the first quarter. It’s an encouraging picture. The combination of new handheld diagnostic units, repair information, the expert knowledge of Mitchell 1 SureTrack offering along with under car equipment line up of tire changes, imaging of liners and lifts, have established significant momentum with both individual and independent shops, and with a large multi-location repair chains. We have also broadened or medium and heavy duty product offering over the past years, adding specially aimed repair information and diagnostic units. And its paid off. We had a significant win in recognition recently in this heavy duty sector when our diagnostic information from Mitchell was integrated into Navistar’s Oncommand Connection Remote Diagnostic and Fleet Management System. The combination is designed to increase vehicle uptime and provide improved fleet management efficiency.  It will give more shops across to merit a greater access to the broad range of the Mitchell 1 features that make repairing all makes of commercial trucks, class IV through VIII easier with engine fault code diagnostics repair procedures, wiring diagrams, test steps and removal or installation instructions. It’s a one clear example of building positions with garage owners and managers in the heavy-duty space. And that growing presence is driving new business with large organizations that run mixed fleet, car and truck, they need to support both vehicle types, and increasingly Snap-on has the answer. Because of that, we're seeing more fleet business with big companies, with utilities, and with governments both city and state.  Now the strength of the RS&I portfolio was also evident this past quarter at the National Automotive Dealer Association show, the NADA show in New Orleans earlier this year. Our operations came together under a tool shop solutions, a total shop solutions banner, it allows Snap-on to clearly demonstrate the depth and breadth of our offering to support OEM dealerships and the Challenger acquisition has been an important part of that depth, that portfolio. We believe that operation would be -- we believe when we acquired it, that that operation would be a fine addition to Snap-on and RS&I and that’s certainly proven to be true. As evidenced, I’ll just point to the lift that Challenger develops specifically for the quick service space that are becoming so common in OEM service centres. It’s gotten some strong endorsements and it’s another example of how we’re able to expand the Snap-on presence with repair garage owners and managers. So to wrap up RS&I, we see new diagnostics and repair information for cars and trucks and a growing under car equipment line that now includes Challenger lifts, progress with independence with multi-location automotive repair chain and with the important medium and heavy duty segment; we see positive trends and improved position with repair shop owners and managers. So that’s the highlight of our quarter, growth and improvement. Sales up 5% organically, overcoming the remaining headwinds. OI margins 15.5%, up 100 basis points. C&I strength with critical industry showing their potential, the tools group growing again continuing to enhance our franchise network with success. RS&I building its position and its product line with particular success and independent shops and financial services raising its contribution both financially and strategically. It was another encouraging quarter. Now I’ll turn the call over to Aldo for a review of the financials. Aldo.
Aldo Pagliari:  Thanks Nick. Our first quarter consolidated operating results, I summarized on Slide 6, net sales of $787.5 million in the quarter increased $45.8 million or 6.2% from 2013 levels reflecting sales gains across all segments. Organically, sales increased 5% excluding $15.2 million of sales from the Challenger Lifts acquisition and an unfavourable $5.9 million impact from foreign currency translation. The 5% organic sales increased primarily reflect sales gains in our businesses serving critical industries as well as those calling out automotive technicians and providing diagnostics and information products and independent repair shop owners and managers. Consolidated gross profit of $378.7 million increased $21.8 million from 2013 levels. The gross margin of 48.1% in the quarter was unchanged from prior year levels. As savings from on-going rapid continuous improvement or RCI, initiatives were largely offset by unfavourable foreign currency effects and the impact of lower margin Challenger products. Operating expenses of $257 million increased 7.9 million while the operating expense margin of 32.6% improved 100 basis points from 33.6% a year ago primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage and the effects of the Challenger acquisition partially offset by inflationary and other cost increases. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before financial services of $121.7 million in the quarter including $5.3 million or 60 basis points of unfavourable foreign currency effects increased to $13.9 million and as a percentage of sales, improved 100 basis points to 15.5%. Operating earnings from financial services of $34.4 million increased 12.8% over prior year levels. Consolidated operating earnings of 156.1 million including $5.4 million or 60 basis points of unfavourable foreign currency effects increased 12.9% over 2013 levels and the operating margin of 18.6% improved 100 basis points from 17.6% a year ago. Our first quarter effective income tax rate of 31.6% compared with 31.9% last year. Finally, net earnings in the quarter of $95.9 million or $1.62 per diluted share compared to net earnings of $82.8 million or $1.40 per share last year, representing a 15.7% increase in earnings per share. Now let’s turn to our segment results. Starting with the commercial and industrial or C&I group on Slide 7, sales of $290.6 million in the quarter were up 10.4% organically primarily due to sales gains the customers and critical industries as well as continued sales increases in our European based hand tools business. Gross profit in the C&I group totalled $112.7 million in the quarter. Gross margin of 38.8% improved 160 basis points over 2013 levels primarily due to benefits from higher sales, $2.1 million of lower restructuring cost and savings from on-going RCI initiatives. These gross margin improvements were partially offset by $4.1 million or 100 basis points of unfavourable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $73.6 million in the quarter increased $5.2 million over 2013 levels primarily due to higher volume related and other expenses. The operating expense margin of 25.3% improved 40 basis points primarily reflecting benefits from sales volume leverage partially offset by inflationary and other cost increases. As a result of these factors, first quarter operating earnings for the C&I segment of $39.1 million including $3.3 million of unfavourable foreign currency effects, increased $8.5 million from 2013 levels and the operating margin of 13.5% improved 200 basis points from 11.5% last year. Turning now to slide eight, first quarter sales in the Snap-on tools group of $343.6 million increased 6% organically reflecting mid-single digit increases in both our U.S. and international franchise operations. Gross profit of $148 million increased 4.1 million from 2013 levels while the gross margin of 43.1% decreased 90 basis points from 44% last year, largely due to $2.9 million or 50 basis points of unfavourable foreign currency effects.  Operating expenses of 98.8 million in the quarter increased $2.1 million from 2013 levels, primarily due to higher volume related and other expenses. The operating expense margin of 28.8% improved to 80 basis points from 29.6% last year reflecting benefits from sales volume leverage partially offset by inflationary and other cost increases. As a result of these factors, operating earnings of $49.2 million for the Snap-on tools group including 2.1 million or 50 basis points of unfavourable foreign currency effects, increased $2 million from prior year levels the operating margin of 14.3% compared with 14.4% last year. Turning to the repair systems and information or RS&I Group showed on slide nine. Sales of $262.7 million increased 16.6 million or 6.7% from 2013 levels excluding 15.2 million of acquisition related Challenger sales and 0.7 million of favourable foreign currency translations. Organic sales were up slightly as gains in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to repair shop owners and managers were largely offset by lower sales to OEM dealerships including the wind down of an essential diagnostic distribution. Gross profit of $118 million in the quarter increased $4 million over 2013 levels. Gross margin of 44.9% decreased 140 basis points from 46.3% last year primarily due to the impact of lower gross margin Challenger products and $1.8 million of higher restructuring cost partially offset by continued savings from RCI initiatives. Operating expenses totalled 59.9 million in the quarter and operating expense margin of 22.8% improved 50 basis points from 23.3% last year largely due to benefits from sales volume leverage and the effects of the Challenger acquisition partially offset by inflationary and other cost increases.  First quarter operating earnings of 58.1 million for the RS&I Group increased 1.6 million from prior year levels. The operating margin of 22.1% in the quarter declined 90 basis points from last year as lower margins associated with Challenger and a 60 basis point impact from higher restructuring cost more than offset benefits from the on-going RCI initiatives. Now turning to slide 10, in the first quarter, earnings from financial services of 34.4 million increased 12.8% and revenues of 50.2 million increased 14.1% in both the first quarters of 2014 and 2013 the average yield on finance receivables was 17.5% and the average yield of contract receivables was 9.5%. Originations of $202.1 million in the quarter increased $30.2 million or 17.6% compared to 2013 levels.  Moving to slide 11, our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately 1.3 billion of gross financing receivables including 1.1 billion from our U.S. Snap-on credit operation. Approximately 80% of our U.S. financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. During the first quarter, our worldwide financial services portfolio grew approximately $28 million. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to in line with our expectations. Now turning to slide 12, cash provided by operations of $88.3 million in the quarter increased $12.6 million from comparable 2013 levels primarily as a result of higher 2014 net earnings. Net cash used by investing activities of $50.9 million included $30.3 million to fund the net increase in finance receivables. Capital expenditures of 18.3 million in the quarter compared with $14.7 million last year. Turning to slide 13, days sales outstanding for trade and other receivables of 65 days compared with 62 days at 2013 year end. Inventories increased $18.2 million from 2013 year end, primarily to support continued higher customer demand and new product introductions as well as to improve service levels.  On a trailing 12 month basis, inventory of 3.8 times remained consistent with our year end levels. Our quarter end cash position of $127.8 million decreased $89.8 million from 2013 year end levels primarily as a result of the March 2014 repayment of $100 million of unsecured notes at maturity.  In addition, the net decrease in cash also reflects the impacts of funding 169.7 million of new finance receivables, dividend payments of $25.6 million and share repurchases of $22.1 million as well as 18.3 million of capital expenditures. These uses of cash were partially offset by $139.4 million of cash from collections of finance receivables, $88.3 million of cash from operations and $12.8 million of cash from stock purchase and option plan exercises. At the end of the first quarter, our net debt to capital ratio was 25.5%. In addition to our $128 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities and our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper market should we chose to do so. At quarter end, no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities.  With that I’ll now turn the call over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick.
Nicholas Pinchuk :  Thanks Aldo. Well as I said at the start, we are encouraged by the quarter. We believe the results are more clear evidence of potential and they are added confirmation of what we’ve been saying for some time that as we look forward, Snap-on has abundant and wide runways for both improvements and for growth. We believe the quarter’s performance adds to a long trend which reinforces that outlook. We are moving down our runways for growth, enhancing the franchise network, sales growing by 6% new products strong franchise metrics and a credit company is amplifying that strength. Expanding repair shop owners and managers, new diagnostics and information products, growing stronger with independent shops, Challenger Lifts giving us more to sell, extending the critical industries C&I growing organically at 10% with over 200 basis with an over 200 basis points increase in OI margins and building in emerging markets, ramping up our new lift factory and growing even in a place like India where economic and election uncertainty are major headwinds today. We’re also progressing down our runways for improvements, Snap-on value creation, safety, quality customer connection innovation and RCI driving margin gains. So we’re encouraged by the continuing trends, but we believe there is much more ample opportunities and clear runway for growing and improving. And we believe that with the inherent advantages we hold, the investments we’re making and the capable team we’re enlisting, we will extend on a positive trend for the foreseeable future. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I believe it’s appropriate to speak to our franchisees and associates. I know that once again, many of you are listening. The encouraging results of the first quarter and the positive trends we’re demonstrating are direct result of your extraordinary capability and your continuing commitment. For the role you play in our on-going achievement, you have my congratulations. And for your unfailing dedication to our team, you have my thanks. Now I’ll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We’ll take our first question from David Leiker with Robert Baird.
Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co.:  Hi good morning. This is Joe Vruwink on line for David. I wanted to start, is it possible to quantify any impact weather might have had on the tools group in the quarter? I’d imagine some of the van routes were impacted and obviously fewer repairs are going on, mechanics have less money in their pockets. So, anyway to quantify that?
Nicholas Pinchuk: The short answer is no. My response to that it’s always something. And so yes, we had some tough winter and routes were attenuated in some time and I rode a number of these vans and when you stop at garage, I think I said this on the last call. Some guys say business is great, because we’re tearing up transmissions and chassis are getting bumped around and so there is lot of business here. Other people are saying, hey the business is terrible. So it’s hard to quantify it. Certainly it might have imposed some cauterization on us a little bit. But I think for our perspective, we’re not really looking at it as something that is that unusual, just something that comes up and we manage over it.
Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co.: May be as the quarter progressed, so we obviously started getting better weather in March, April has been a little bit better I suppose, has your sales activity picked up kind of in line with that cadence?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well yes, but it's hard to quantify Joe because to tell you the truth last year, if you looked at last year we had people seem to go on a sabbatical in early January, so we had a kind of back end loaded cauterization, it tends to happen from time to time from quarter-to-quarter. So there isn’t always great intelligence looking from months to months. So yes, we did see some uptick but I am not sure you can read that much into that.
Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co.: And then just looking at the origination growth and financial services, if I kind of use that as a parameter for activity in the tools business 18% obviously a lot higher than the 6% organic growth for the segments. Is there a way to kind of understand the disconnect there and is 18% so parameter for barometer for just generally…
Nicholas Pinchuk: What I can give you -- unfortunately from quarter to quarter, it’s hard to tie it exactly because there is a -- what we say is and you have probably heard us say this over and over is that the originations should roughly follow the growth of the tools groups big ticket items which is primarily tools storage in some of the larger diagnostics. So a matter of fact over the last several quarters and in again this quarter, big ticket grew greater that the tools group in general so you have that factor. Now in the full year we believe that comes out roughly parallel as the originations and big ticket sales roughly parallel, tools group big ticket sales and originations roughly are parallel and all work out. But from a quarter to quarter remember, we’re recognizing a sale to a franchisee. He is not necessarily selling it right away onwards, he necessarily doesn’t do the deal, so you have some disconnect in terms of cauterization as you cross over the month, so it’s very hard to tie quarterly numbers between originations in the tools group. I will tell you that it is indications that tools group big ticket sales were sold at higher rates year over year than the average tools group and that’s true in this quarter.
Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And then...
Nicholas Pinchuk: Other than you can’t really draw much from one quarter.
Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Sure, that makes sense. Switching across the pond and looking at Europe, you talk a lot about runways for growth and I’m just wondering what’s the runway in Europe not only from revenues, but Nick you think restructuring Europe C&I I think your entire 10 year at Snap-on, so what could be the OpEx goal?
Nicholas Pinchuk: It seems like it. I hate to comment on Europe anymore because I am usually wrong. But the thing is look, what happened in Europe, what’s happened in Europe is we have been continually applying Snap-on value creation, improving our productivity and efficiency even in the darkest of downturns, we have said that our customers have not gone away therefore in doing this whether it’s restructuring, in closing facilities or in creating efficiencies we have not removed productive capacity. So as I said in my remarks, that started to come home with positive traction several quarters ago where SNA Europe our European hand tool business was showing improvements and profitability even as the sales were going down.  And now with the sales going upwards, it adds that, that leverage adds that because there is good leverage because we didn’t take out any productive capacity. Remember that when you talk about where is Europe and as Europe turn the corner and what’s happening in Europe, it’s still down 20% to 25% from the peak. So we’re coming, we’re literally coming off the canvas. So while we’ve had two quarters, I am still from Missouri to see where we’re going for a longer term, still it’s a positive event and it contributed nicely to C&I although it was not the only contributor to C&I.
Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. So when I think about your former peak margin in C&I at 13% in 2008, you're doing 13.5 now and so with Europe 20% or 25% off the top, fair to say that there is still a lot more upside there?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure I’ve always said that I believe there is a lot of runway in C&I actually I am pretty bullish about the C&I business, it’s just that C&I been the repository of headwinds I think, they have military, they had the European headwinds and so on, so they’ve had some difficult bumps, but we feel confident about that business, SNA Europe, the critical industries those are great businesses.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Liam Burke with Janney Capital Markets.
Liam Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Nick you talked about the Snap-on tools doing well internationally. Is one country or another doing particularly well or are you seeing just very solid international growth?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, generally I would say if you look back over, I think I talked about Snap-on tools growing over the years like 9% and 9.2% and 10.7% and 7.6% last year and if you look over the 16 quarters that are involved in that international grew pretty well in general. This particular quarter, UK grew nicely, better than -- about may be little bit better than the average. Canada grew even more. Australia actually was down slightly, down slightly. Some of that could have been currency. The tools group, man they got hammered with currency in terms of transaction because you’ve got the Canadian dollar weakening and you got the Aussie dollar weakening versus the U.S. dollar where we make the products we’re moving into those markets and U.S. dollars we’re shipping them in, and so does transaction impact. And so that played out a little bit in the Australian volume I think. UK has been across the company, pretty strong. I think on balance, you could say international is pretty good, but color in this quarter, Australia is may be feeling the weight of the currency problem a little bit.
Liam Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, great, and Aldo you had DSO step up three days. Is that timing or is this something different? Is it more international?
Aldo Pagliari: I would say above one-day due to the timing of sales where they fall in the collection cycle. But what you are seeing there, you’re spot on. The international mix is a little bit more robust. The term structurally in the international markets tends to be longer than that in the U.S. And then behind-the-scenes you have the fact that military is a little bit less than what it had been in prior years. The government's pays quick and the governments often times even uses credit cards. So that always helped to be a sole calculation.  And then finally, if you look at emerging markets, those places that have some spot liquidity issues, places you look like at China, India, Brazil, you have a lot less cash-and-carry business, and the result, in distribution circles there you have to provide little bit more structural terms. That's normal. It goes with the terms, so as those markets mature, in our presence, and then mature, I think you will see a little bit more classic dated outstanding rather than cash-and-carry type activities. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And we will take our next question from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Good morning all, can you hear me, all right, because I am on a cellphone?
Nicholas Pinchuk: We have a little background, but we can hear you fine.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: That’s because I’m at the airport but anyway, Nick when you look at that dealer business, you said those re-facilitations were winding down. If you back out some of that business that’s winding down, do you have a sense of just what the growth was just to dealers overall? 
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't have a dealer overall growth, but I'd say it’s -- if you look at our -- one of the things that I wanted to say was is that I think we said in the call that RS&I would grow without the wind down of the dealerships. And we think it'd be mid-single digits, that kind of growth, if you pull out that OEM lumpiness. If you went back to our earnings calls last year, it was growing, we had some pretty good growth in RS&I; we are saying that some of that was accelerated by some of these movements. So, we said overtime that RS&I, the margins can be moved by that and also the growth can be a little bit lumpy. We are actually pretty pleased with it because the other businesses, particularly in the independent space are growing nicely.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, it just makes sense because the dealerships are doing well too overall. And then, in terms of -- do you have any facilities business, et cetera in the Ukraine?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, we have some business in the Ukraine. We have a sales office there. But its peanuts, you know, I mean really Ukraine is not -- it’s a very-very small exposure at the Ukraine. If you talk about the Ukraine and Russia, it’s a little bit bigger, but it’s still a smaller piece of the business, maybe 1% of the total for the organization. And that business, and these numbers are down, already and these numbers are down multiple decades. We have seen -- we saw some headwind here.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then lastly I had another question on just the growth in the tool business in Europe, but if you look at your business overall in Europe, you know the southern tier countries had always been very sluggish and declines really the northern countries had been doing a little bit better. Are you starting to see a pickup in places like Spain, Italy, countries like that? Are you starting to see any growth in revenues out of those countries? Or is it specifically all the north countries?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. No-no-no, actually we see revenue growth in our tools business; the SNA-Europe business in Spain and Italy, Portugal, actually France even, and Germany and so on. So we see -- sort of a center of Europe, UK is pretty good. The Eastern European businesses, as you might expect, are weak. There is some growth in Turkey, for example. So that’s kind of pushing it. I will say that, sometimes I think we went so down so far in Spain and Portugal that any kind of growth, just kind of not so big but it's still positive from what we see. It’s so positive and encouraging event, yes. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research  
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, good morning everyone. Can you talk about the extent to which your growth in international business may have supported the large origination number?
Aldo Pagliari:  I will take that. It was fairly evenly balanced. But the originations are still more influenced by the activity in the United States. So certainly you can look at the International portfolio grew as well, but no one do buy us one way or the other. 
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, and you mentioned that the origination should converge with the tools business over the course of the year, that from a quarter-to-quarter standpoint, you can see divergence a bit over the course of the year that should converge. So does that imply that we’re going to see a fairly substantial reduction heading into 2Q and 3Q here in the origination?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, I didn’t actually say, what I said specifically was it should converge with big ticket sales in the tools group.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, good.
Nicholas Pinchuk: And so that doesn’t necessarily correlate exactly with the overall tools group number, in fact for many quarters they’ve been higher.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then within that big ticket, you talked about the fact I guess storage and diagnostics are really driving the big ticket within the tools segment as I understand. Do we begin to anniversary something here in the next quarter or two that would create a substantially slower year over year growth?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I don’t know. I think -- look I have said forever that I think we expect our growth to be at 4% to 6% organically and this is at the top end and we grew like I said at 9%, 9.2%, 10.7% and 7.6% in the past year, so that will be outside that. So eventually you might expect the tools group to come down to where I said, but we have some great strengths in the tools group. We are ramping up the innovation engine with customer connection and innovation so we have more new products than ever before. We have these new marketing activities which are breaking the boundaries of the van, the Rock N' Roll Cab that has 56 on the road now and they are breaking the space constraint and adding to that tools storage and we’ve raised the Techno-Vans which support the diagnostic sales to 18. A year ago, those numbers 56 and 18 were 36 and 4 and two years ago were just 18. So we are pumping more support into the tools group. So I wouldn’t want to call for a cooling on the other hand we do say over time it’s 4% to 6%. I am not saying it’s going to happen, that we’d see a reduction next quarter though, I don’t see a lapping being a factor.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Just a couple other questions, I guess on the change in working investments. Aldo you went into some detail about the things that are stressing your DSOs and that was helpful. I noticed though that going back over say the last two years, first quarter ’12 it was a 13.9 good guy in ’13 it was negative 55, and in ’14 were negative 42.5. Is that reflecting just the structural shift so the growing international business, the slowdown in military, the things that Aldo discussed here, is there something else going on there?
Aldo Pagliari: I think the same variables do characterize, you’re talking about just the receivables element in working capital is that [Multiple Speakers] are longer that’s a fact of life. The international mix of business does then impact that, emerging markets as they mature does move from a certain percent of business being as I said cash and carry and short term oriented to more traditional distributor terms. And finally the realization of the government is a little bit of a less of a player in our mix. They were one of the ones that have the most rapid payment terms usually and they do pay properly.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I’ll just jump in here, one of the things that is going on here is, if you shipped to C&I, I think we have of course the great progress in Europe where we’ve gotten another quarter of growth and we have been pounding Snap-on value creation, so we have nice leverage rolling out of that.  But, there is also a great component of extension to critical industries where we had some big wins in aviation, those are very profitable but they’re not the military business, they change the nature of the payable of the receivables and we are not only in aviation, but we’re also extending internationally. One of the things we worried about in critical industries where we able to project and roll the Snap-on brand out of the garage into aviation and oil and gas and those things, and that’s working. And then further than that, are you able to project it internationally, well that’s really working this quarter and that’s one of the things that’s driven, that’s one of the big factor, may be the biggest factor in driving the 10.4% growth in C&I and a great component of the 200 basis points improvement.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, okay. And the last question if I could, just last question, you paid down 100 million of debt in the quarter. Clearly the balance sheet is over capitalized at this point. I don’t want to be the guy to force or pound the table, but you need to do acquisitions I hate to see you stress that. But what is your thought process on just using some of this capitalization capacity to buyback more stock rather than wait for opportunities to surface on the M&A front?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I think we’ve made it clear that, two factors I’ll say, our priorities for cash are; working capital investment and the organic business you just pointed out, some of the requirements we can have as we expand our business to different places. We see it in our working capital today; we’re growing but its eating working capital. We knew this was coming. We are looking at M&A. We view each months, we’re reviewing a list of M&A and we will act on this and we’re confident we can find targets because we keep looking at severely each month; thirdly, we keep our dividend in perpetuity and we know our investors like that dividend, like those dividends and it depends on it, and then the idea of buying back stock to offset dilution. We see that as our cash priority. And I would add on top of that though, that’s our current cash priority, but I would add on top of it, we know that as we generate cash and have capability, we will be judged on how we wheel that, we know that.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Are you considering large transformative acquisitions or are they...
Nicholas Pinchuk: No nothing transformative. We think we can make acquisitions, we’ve seen several large acquisitions that didn’t quite work out that were sort of semi-coherent, on closer look it wasn’t. We believe we can make acquisitions that give us more to sell and more strength with the customer basis that are along our runways for growth, that is the technicians, the repair shop owners and managers, people in the critical industries are in emerging markets. And we can do that without having to transform.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: So if we got to the end of the year and you still hadn’t done a larger transaction, you still had the kind of overcapitalized balance sheet you have today. Would you consider accelerating share repurchase activity?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I am not sure. I’d wait till I get to the end of the year at that.
Operator: And next we’ll go to Richard Hilgert with Morningstar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc.:  I wanted to ask about, on the military spending, has that now completely anniversaried, in other words the first quarter last year was the quarter where we really saw a big decline in that area of the business, correct?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Actually I think it was the fourth quarter of the prior year, but if the answer is it completely anniversaried, the answer is no, because it keeps going down but the base is smaller. So the impact on us -- it isn’t that it didn’t impact us, it did. But the base on which the reduction is operating is smaller; therefore it’s less of an irritant. It doesn’t create the screen in C&I that it did before. So the way I characterize in my script and I think this is accurate, it no longer masks some of the progress that was happening because it’s smaller. I mean basically that business is down, more than half, its way down. So it keeps coming down, and was down in the quarter couple of decades of percentages. So it was down again, but the base that it operates thus far.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc.: Is the European hand tools business that you mentioned that improved for the first time in quite a while? Was that down about the same kind of magnitude that military was down?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, not that much but it was down let’s say 25% in sales.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc.: And then on the Challenger Lift business, is the nature of that equipment and the historic margins such that this would represent, always represent margins that are less than that segment’s average and therefore if sales in that business increase more so than the sales in the rest of RS&I, it would cause margins to be slightly diluted?
Nicholas Pinchuk: If the question is, I mean I think this is the question. Is the Challenger margin -- are the Challenger margins 23%? The answer is no. And therefore for some time and for either substantially lower than that, so for some time growth in Challenger margins, [indiscernible] Challenger sales would be detrimental to the overall RS&I margin numbers. However it might help, it might raise its profitability for the corporation and so on. And by the way, we’ll be working on the Challenger margins over time with Snap-on value creation to keep improving it. But there is a big gap between the Snap-on, between the Challenger margins and the overall RS&I margins.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc.:   That gap is what is actually I was getting at and what I was getting at is that is Challenger is just the nature of this product and the pricing in that segment of the business such that you’ll never get to the 20 some odd percent that the RS&I group does, it will always be lower than that general mark.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, yes, I guess, I mean I think is sure always is a long time even for a guy like me. And I have a lot of confidence in Snap-on value creation, so I think it can move it upwards. So I would never see the idea that never get there. But it’s certainly a long pull. Now remember though, that we lap the acquisition in the second quarter. So we acquired Challenger, I don’t know half way to two-thirds of the way through the second quarter of last year. So once we get into the third quarter, its apples-to-apples. What you’re seeing now with the drag is in apples-to-oranges comparison, that’s why we (want) [ph] it out. I mean RS&I actually had a pretty good quarter, it had 60 basis points of restructuring impact year-over-year and another multiple decade, a doll-up of Challenger impact and that occluded the relatively strong RCI achievement that it made in the 50 to 60 basis points.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc.: Certainly was an impressive quarter on margin performance. Thanks for taking my questions this morning.
Operator: And we have no further question in the queue at this time.
Leslie Kratcoski : Thanks everyone for joining us this morning, a replay of the call will be available on snapon.com shortly. And as always, we do appreciate your interest in the company. Thanks a lot.
Operator: This does conclude today’s presentation. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Vice President of Investor Relations Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Aldo J. Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2013 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski,Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Cameron, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review our fourth quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier today. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning and with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next the audio icon for the call. These slides will be archived on our website, along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'd now like to call -- turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everybody. Look, I'll start by covering the highlights of our fourth quarter and of our year. I'll give you our perspective on the results, on our markets and the progress we've made. Then Aldo will move into -- as usual, Aldo will move into a more detailed review of the financials. Our fourth quarter is a story of reaching new customers, energizing existing customers with innovative products and creating value by operating more effectively -- more productivity, I believe is strong evidence of Snap-on advancing along our runway through both growth and for improvement. Our EPS in the quarter was $1.60, up from $1.43 in 2012. That rise reflects an opco operating margin of 15.5%, an increase of 70 basis points. It also includes $33 million of financial service earnings. Taken together, the consolidated operating margin reached 18.5%, compared to 17.7% in the fourth quarter of 2012. The operating improvement came on organic sales growth of 4.6%. When you add in $15.2 million, the contribution from Challenger Lifts, which, you'll recall, we acquired earlier in 2013, overall sales in the quarter were $797.5 million, a rise of 5.9%, which overcame a 70-basis point impact from unfavorable foreign currency translation. That activity represents the continuation of a generally favorable environment for the Tools Group and for the Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I Group. These are the operations serving our automotive repair and related customers, and as you may remember, that sector has been leaning favorably, for quite some time. Encouragingly though, in the Commercial & Industrial, or C&I group, we saw additional confirmation of easing in our European headwinds. I think it's fair to say that the growth at our European-based hand tools business, SNA Europe, up in the high-single-digit range is the biggest highlight for us in the quarter, with respect to market dynamic, anyway. Now, one quarter of growth doesn't make a trend. And that region's been down and unpredictable for an extended period. But this quarter's increase was a breath of fresh air. On the other hand, military activity did remain a strong headwind. Nothing's really changed on that front. The combination of troop withdrawals and budgetary restrictions continue to create a difficult environment and it doesn't show signs of rebounding anytime soon. So to wrap up the broad discussion on markets, other than the initial spark in Europe, I'd summarize things as relatively similar to past quarters. But we do believe that no matter the environment, we have the opportunity and the capability to advance our position. We continue to progress along our 4 defined runways for growth: enhancing the franchise channel; expanding Snap-on's presence in the garage; extending into critical industries; and building on emerging markets. And when coupled with the Snap-on value creation of processes of safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement, or RCI, we achieved decisive progress. And we believe the results, over the past several years, and again, in 2013, showed just that. That progress can be seen -- and that progress can be seen in the full year absolute, as well as the longer term trend of improvement. Speaking of full year, Snap-on's EPS for 2013 was $5.93, an increase of 14% from 2012. Driving those earnings was an opco operating margin of 15.1%, up 120 basis points for the year. When we include the income from our financial services, which was $125.7 million, which rose $19 million from 2012, the consolidated operating margin of 18.1% was up 140 basis points. That performance came on sales of $3.1 billion, a 4% year-over-year increase that was made up of 3.5% organic growth, $39.3 million in sales from Challenger Lifts and 80 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency. Through the year, gains in the Tools Group and RS&I were somewhat offset by the external headwinds that primarily impacted the C&I group. Although it is worth mentioning that the second half organic sales increase was 4.7%, as the European headwind abated. So there was a generally improving trend as the year progressed. So that's the overview of the quarter and the year. Now, let's move to a discussion of the individual segments. In the C&I group, organic sales were up 3.8%, in spite of the continuing military challenges. That gain was authored by the improvement at SNA Europe, which I already mentioned, as well as favorable comparisons across the balance of the operations in our Asia-Pacific business, in the critical industries outside of the military and with our power tools, driven by innovative new products. From an earnings perspective, C&I operating income of $37.1 million increased $5.2 million, compared to the prior period. That represents a margin rate of 13.1% or an expansion of 150 basis points. The benefits from RCI are evident across the C&I businesses. And this quarter, with volume growth at SNA Europe, the improved cost structure in that operation really shined through. C&I is where we have the most attention-related -- and in C&I is where we had the most attention related to building in emerging markets, and extending into the critical industries. Our progress along those runways and the benefits from Snap-on value creation could be seen once again this quarter. You can see it in our results. For emerging markets, China and Indonesia led the way, with that growth being in enabled, in part, by our newest plant, ramping up production of undercar equipment for China and the region. But our focus isn't just in Asia, we also saw a good expansion in other emerging regions. For example, SNA Europe's business in Turkey recorded another encouraging quarter in that important market. Another highlight was our natural resources business, which is up strongly in the quarter. We continue to broaden our lineup for industries like oil and gas, and it's paying off. I'll give you a prime example of how it works. Our customer connection and innovation processes came together to make work easier for oil and gas professionals, supporting our extension into that critical industry. The result is our new adjustable wrench and valve persuaders, aimed specifically at those technicians providing a safe -- and providing a safe alternatives to the homemade versions that our salesmen noticed in many of the toolboxes at the north slope of Alaska, came right out of direct observation in Alaska. Taking input directly from those operators, we combined the wide mouth, heavy duty adjustable wrench, with the persuader at opposite ends of the tool, that enables the opening and closing of nearly every valve in an oil field. It's now outfitting facilities across the globe, building Snap-on's presence. Now that product, this product is just one. Relatively small example, but an easy one to understand, and it demonstrates our ever-increasing line up of tools, not only for oil fields, but for places like deepwater drilling and for industry power plants, all places where we're gaining traction. And more and more, our array of tools are being put together in specialized toolkits, in unique tool control units, equipped with top-of-the-line technology, to serve critical industries. Speaking of technology and of tool control, this is an area that's really opened the doors for our extension into the critical aviation sector, which is up nicely, again, in 2013. Our advanced tool control units, they continue to be a great halo product in that arena. And when paired with our customized toolkits, these unique solutions are at the foundation of our growth in aviation. Snap-on's now able to better support maintenance facilities, or production lines, for airplanes or helicopters, in all fleets, commercial or corporate, across the U.S. and internationally. Also speaking to innovation, with applications across a whole host of tasks, in 2013, we launched, what we believe to be, the best combination of power and speed in an industrial grade cordless ratchet. It's built with the same well-known Snap-on strength standards as our hand tool ratchets and features over 3,000 inch pounds of manual torque capability. And it has a digital variable speed trigger, for the precise control needed in industrial application, and a built-in brake that stops the tools from damaging sockets and fasteners. This new product's a big hit. And it demonstrates the clear Snap-on advantage. One final point on innovation in C&I, and this is at SNA Europe. The Bahco ERGO Tool Management System recently won an award for innovation at the EQUIP AUTO show in Paris. This product, aided by web design interfaces, for the customer and the salesperson, allows nearly infinite customization. And it's not only the toolkit that can be specified -- it's not only the toolkit that can be specified for oil and gas or aviation or heavy duty applications, it's also the foam inlays and the drawer configurations, providing unique and efficient placement for the tools, and specially designed spaces for PCs and tablets and printers that are now so frequently used in the modern field. The Innovation Award was encouraging, but more importantly, this product helped drive SNA Europe's growth this quarter. It's been -- and it's been especially well received in critical applications like oil and gas, where expanding tool offering, customization and standardization are really highly valued. Now onto the Tools Group, where we posted a strong 10.2% year-over-year organic sales increase this quarter, with good growth in all geographies. The operating earnings of $51 million represented a margin rate of 14.5%, up 30 basis points from 2012. Some years ago, we set a goal of enhancing the franchise channel. In that regard, the results in the Tools Group continue to speak for themselves. And I believe the state of that business is stronger than ever. Once again -- and once again, this year, there was outside validation of that belief. Snap-on continues to be consistently ranked in the top 25 of all networks by Franchise Business Review, which measures franchisee satisfaction. And we moved up again in Entrepreneur Magazine's Top 500 franchise list. More importantly, I think, really, the internal evidence supports the same positive view. The franchisee metrics we monitor so closely are quite strong and they continued to trend favorably. Our direct interaction with the franchisees, the 2014 kick-off event that just took place, the meetings of our Franchisee Advisory Council and our regular regional gatherings aimed at getting feedback and enhancing productivity, all of them confirmed the growing strength of our network emphatically, and it makes sense. We have major sales and marketing initiatives like the Rock ‘N Roll Cab Express and the new Techno-Van, they continue to expand, driving excitement and sales. Those traveling shows generate strong demand for our big ticket tool storage and handheld diagnostics, they're all up. But it's not just these big hitter marketing programs that are enabling improvement, it's also the everyday focus, customer connection and innovation, creating new product after new product, that builds our position. For example, in 2013, we introduced an all-new 36-long 1/2" breaker bar, our longest ever. With this new tool, technician not only have extended reach and access, but they can also apply more torque with less effort, it makes the work easier as they break free the most difficult of fasteners. The product has a wide range of applications, but it's especially powerful in the critical heavy duty segment, where it's particularly effective on truck engine heads and bulldozer track bolts. This is just another one of the offerings that will make our hit parade list. Those are the new products that sell more than $1 million in the first year. It's a good example. It sounds simple, but innovation doesn't need to be earth shattering, it just needs to make work easier and the opportunities in that regard keep continuing. And of course, Snap-on's uniquely positioned, actually, to gain customer connection insight with our franchisee network and our teams of salespeople visiting sites, observing work, bringing back ideas. During 2013, the Tools Group alone launched more than 40 new products that were directly based on our feedback from professional users and our franchisees. For example, we recently developed the new thin-walled socket, specifically designed to remove difficult fuel pressure sensors on many new vehicles. The product concept came to us from a franchisee. He noticed that the access to the sensors were often -- was often restricted and that technicians risk damage when they use standard tools. So our new thin-walled socket will fix all that. It's another good example of customer connection, a knowledge of the practical and technical design capabilities, innovation and understanding the possible, coming together to create a winning product. I'll just mention one last item, on customer catching for the Tools Group. We're recently recognized in Tech Shop Magazine, named as the 2013 Top 5 tools award winner. This award's noteworthy because it is determined directly by professional users as they name their favorite tools. I believe the award speaks clearly to the continuing appreciation and aspiration that serious professionals hold for Snap-on and its products. Let's move onto our RS&I. Sales in the fourth quarter were $246.6 million, and for the first time surpassed $1 billion for the year. The fourth quarter organic gain was 2.9%. Now, that's somewhat less than the past few quarters, primarily reflecting the wind down of a large OEM essential diagnostic distribution rather than any real change in the overall macros. Adding $15.2 million from Challenger Lifts and 30 basis points for foreign exchange -- for favorable foreign exchange, RS&I reported quarterly sales of 9.5% -- sorry, RS&I reported quarterly sales that were up 9.5% from 2012. Operating earnings of $60.8 million in the quarter were up $5.4 million, with the OI margin of 23%, up slightly from 22.9%. As the benefits of RCI more than overcame about 90-basis point impact from adding the lower margin Challenger business. I've spoke often in the past about our string of new handheld diagnostics introduced over the quarters and years, and they continue to drive growth in the independent repair space. With our most recent launch, the MODIS Ultra unit, bigger screen, more features, faster operation. It was launched in the third quarter and it's been a tremendous hit. We're also adding to the content embedded in our Mitchell 1 repair information. Just recently, again, acting on feedback from customers, we introduced enhanced search functionality in our ProDemand product. It's called 1Search. It allows the user to simultaneously search both the standard OEM repair information and our special SureTrack expert shortcuts, a clear efficiency driver and a differentiator for the Mitchell offering. Just a little more on SureTrack. It represents a consolidation of our proprietary, experience-based information from professional technicians, who are performing millions of successful field fixes. It frequently shows the way to faster diagnosis than is possible by following the standard OEM protocols. We believe that the ProDemand structure for Mitchell, reflecting substantial input from users, is the most effective in the industry, combining powerful and comprehensive OEM repair information with practical shop experience. It's a winning product. RS&I is also rapidly expanding its suite of products that serve the important medium and heavy duty truck segment. With our essential diagnostics for OEMs, repair information and TruckLabor estimating from Mitchell 1, and the next line of handheld diagnostics units, we're expanding our presence with truck shop owners and managers, supporting fleets, dealers and repair garages. We continue that expansion this past quarter as Challenger Lifts launched a new mobile column lift, specifically aimed at heavy duty shops. It has a capacity of up to 144,000 pounds and provides flexibility and convenience to lift large vehicles without requiring a permanent dedicated footprint in the service bay. As I said before, Challenger was acquired to expand our portfolio and to give us more to sell. Well, it's working. And we've been pleased with its contributions. So that's our fourth quarter. Opco organic sales up 4.6%, overcoming some tough military headwind. OI margin reaching 15.5% for the quarter, 15.1% for the full year, a 120-basis point increase. EPS $1.60 in the quarter, up from $1.43, $5.93 for the year, up 14% progress along the runways for improvement, customer connection and innovation and RCI creating real value and advancement down each of our runways for coherent growth, growing by doing what we do so very well for more and for different customers. It clearly was an encouraging quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our fourth quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $797.5 million in the quarter increased $44.3 million or 5.9% from 2012 levels. Organically, sales increased 4.6%, excluding $15.2 million of sales from the Challenger Lifts acquisition and an unfavorable $5.3 million impact from foreign currency translation. The organic sales increased primarily reflects continued higher sales in the Snap-on Tools Group, along with increased sales of diagnostic and repair information products and higher levels of undercar equipment. It also reflects higher sales of power tools and a high-single-digit sales gain in our European-based hand tool business, reversing a multi-year trend of declining sales, as a result of prolonged economic weakness in that region. These sales increases more than offset continued lower sales to the military. Consolidated gross profit of $378.5 million increased $26.5 million from 2012 levels, and the gross margin of 47.5% improved 80 basis points, largely due to savings from ongoing rapid continuous improvement, or RCI, initiatives. Operating expenses of $254.9 million increased $14.3 million, and the operating expense margin of 32%, compared to 31.9% a year ago. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before financial services of $123.6 million in the quarter increased 11%. And as a percentage of sales, improved 70 basis points to 15.5%. Operating earnings from financial services of $33 million increased 12.6% over prior year levels. Consolidated operating earnings by $156.6 million in the quarter increased 11.3% over 2012 levels. And the operating margin of 18.5% improved 80 basis points from 17.7% a year ago. Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate of 32.1%, compared with 32% last year. Finally, net earnings in the quarter of $94.5 million or $1.60 per diluted share, compared to net earnings of $84.6 million or $1.43 per share last year, representing an 11.9% increase in earnings per share. For the full year, 2013 net earnings of $350.3 million or $5.93 per diluted share, increased $44.2 million or $0.73 per share from 2012 levels representing a 14% increase in earnings per share. Now, let's turn to our segment results. Starting with Commercial & Industrial, or C&I Group, on Slide 7, sales of $283.2 million in the fourth quarter were up 3.8% organically, primarily due to sales gains in our European-based hand tools business, along with higher sales in power tools. These increases were partially offset by continued double-digit declines in sales for the military. Gross profit in the C&I group totaled $110.3 million in the quarter. Gross margin of 38.9% improved 80 basis points over 2012 levels, primarily due to savings from ongoing RCI initiatives, particularly in Europe. Operating expenses of $73.2 million in the quarter increased slightly over 2012 levels, while the operating expense margin improved 70 basis points to 25.8%, reflecting benefits from sales volume leverage. As a result of these factors, fourth quarter operating earnings for the C&I segment of $37.1 million increased $5.2 million from 2012 levels, and the operating margin of 13.1% improved 150 basis points from 11.6% last year. Turning now to Slide 8. Fourth quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $351.1 million increased 10.2% organically, reflecting continued increases across both our U.S. and international franchise operations. Gross profit of $146.2 million increased $10.4 million from 2012 levels, and the gross margin of 41.6% decreased from 42.2% last year, largely as a result of $2.6 million or 40 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating expenses of $95.2 million in the quarter increased $5 million for 2012 levels, primarily due to higher volume related and other expenses. The operating expense margin of 27.1% improved 90 basis points from 28% last year, primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage. As a result of these factors, operating earnings of $51 million for the Snap-on Tools Group increased $5.4 million from prior year levels and the operating margin of 14.5% improved 30 basis points from 14.2% last year. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I Group, showed on Slide 9. Sales of $264.6 million increased $23 million or 9.5% from 2012 levels, including $15.2 million of sales from the Challenger Lifts acquisition. Excluding Challenger sales, and $0.7 million of favorable foreign currency translation, organic sales increased $7.1 million or 2.9%. The organic sales increase primarily reflects a mid-single-digit gain in sales of diagnostic and repair information products, as well as mid-single-digit increase in sales of undercar equipment. These gains were partially offset by slightly lower sales to OEM dealerships. Gross profit of $122 million in the quarter increased $10.8 million over prior year levels. Gross margin of 46.1% increased 10 basis points from 46% last year. Operating expenses totaled $61.2 million in the quarter, and the operating expense margin of 23.1% was unchanged from 2012 levels. Fourth quarter operating earnings of $60.8 million for the RS&I group increased $5.4 million from prior year levels and the operating margin of 23% increased 10 basis points from 22.9% last year. Now, turning to Slide 10. In the fourth quarter, earnings of $33 million from Financial Services increased 12.6%. Originations in the quarter were $198 million, a healthy 19.3% increase when compared with last year's 7% increase. Revenues in the fourth quarter increased 10.5%. The average yields on finance receivables of 17.4% in the quarter increased 20 basis points from 2012 levels and the average yield on contract receivables was 9.5% in both periods. For the full year, originations increased 14.9% over 2012. Moving to Slide 11. Our yearend balance sheet includes approximately $1.2 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1.05 billion from our U.S. Snap-on credit operation. In the United States, $838 million or approximately 80% of the financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. The 2013 full year, our worldwide financial services portfolio grew approximately $148 million. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now, turning to Slide 12. Cash flow write up by operations of $122.5 million in the quarter increased $19.6 million from $102.9 million last year. Fourth quarter discretionary pension contributions were $9.3 million this year and $12 million last year. Investing activities in the quarter included cash used of $33.8 million to fund the net increase in finance receivables. Capital expenditures were $19.9 million in both the fourth quarters of 2013 and 2012. Full year capital expenditures totaled $70.6 million. Turning to Slide 13. Days sales outstanding for trade receivables of 62 days, compared with 61 days at 2012 yearend. Excluding currency impacts, inventories increased $38.5 million, primarily to support continued higher customer demand and improved service levels, new product introductions and inventories related to the Challenger acquisition. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.8x compared with 3.9x at yearend. Our yearend cash position of $217.6 million reflects the full net -- full year net funding of $142.5 million of finance receivables, dividend payments of $92 million, share repurchases of $82.6 million, the acquisition of Challenger Lifts for $38.2 million and capital expenditures of $70.6 million. These uses of cash were more than offset by $392.6 million of cash generated from operations, including higher levels of net income, as well as cash generated from other investing and financing activities. Our net debt-to-capital ratio of 26.3% compares to 29.7% at 2012 yearend. In January of this year, Moody's upgraded our senior unsecured credit rating to A3 and we continue to maintain A- ratings from both Standard & Poor's and Fitch rating services. In addition to our $218 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, and our short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper markets, should we choose to do so. At yearend, no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities. In March of this year, we intend to repay our $100 million of 5.85% unsecured notes upon maturity, with available cash, coupled with our sources of borrowings. This concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance, I'll now briefly review a few outlook items. We anticipate that capital expenditures in 2014 will be in the range of $70 million to $80 million. Finally, we anticipate that our full year 2014 effective income tax rate will be comparable to our full year 2013 rate of 32.3%. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. It was an encouraging quarter to end the year. Significant progress was achieved throughout 2013 in the face of meaningful headwinds. Reduced military spending was a substantial factor on our fourth quarter and other quarters were impacted, to varying degrees, by the military decline, as well as by the weakness in Europe. With that said, we're reassured by the advancements being made along each of our runways for growth. Critical industries like aviation, national resources and heavy fleets posted good gains and we're gaining further traction. Our new undercar plant in China came to life providing a broader range of new products of service facilities, both in OEM dealerships, as well as the developing independent repair industry in that region. And outside of Asia, we're building presence in other emerging markets, such as Brazil, where this year, we launched our first handheld diagnostic unit for automotive technicians. The Tools Group continues to gain position with expanding sales of favorable franchisee metrics speaking to the improvement. RS&I made progress, serving shop owners and managers with new handhelds enhanced repair information, increasing heavy duty capabilities and with an expanded undercar equipment portfolio that now includes Challenger Lifts. At the same time, the Snap-on value creation framework which drove much of our improvement over the past few years contributed again, resulting in strong margin increases. And in the end, resulting in these strong margin increases we registered during the fourth quarter and throughout the year. But as we move through 2014, we remain confident in our strategies and encouraged by our runways. The balance of driving growth and creating improvement has authored our trajectory of positive results, achieved, regardless of headwinds. We will maintain that balance. We will take full advantage of the abundant opportunities before us, and we believe we will continue the trend of encouraging performance in the quarters and years ahead. Now, before I turn the call over to the operator, I'll turn my attention to our franchisees and associates. As always, I know many of you are listening. The encouraging results would not have been possible without your unique capabilities, considerable energy and continuing commitment to our team. For the extraordinary part you played in achieving this performance, you have my congratulations and you have my thanks. Operator, now we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Nick, you mentioned in the Tools Group, I believe, you did 40 new products this year? Is that correct or was that..
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. What I said was 40 new products came directly and clearly out of field suggestions from franchisees and our field sales personnel in other words, we can clearly trace them to customer connection. We did more new products that bubble up in imprecise ways through information we have in the organization or ideas that are developed in the engineering labs here. So the 40, were really -- they were the new products we could clearly identify that came out of the north slope in Alaska. And or the garage in Sacramento.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: So is it a safe assumption to say that you've more than hit your target of 40 new products that generate over $1 million in sales?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. We did much more than that. It was more -- I'm not saying that the Tools Group -- I don't want to get into the numbers, but what we've said is, is that -- I think, regularly, I told you and others in these kinds of conversations that how we measure the effectiveness of our new products are measuring what's on that hit parade. Those products which sell over $1 million in the first year. And last year, we achieved several times what we did just a few years ago, say, 2006, 2005, and we're up a nice number over last year's number so we see progress in that regard. We're pretty encouraged by that access of customer connection and innovation, the art of the practical understanding of the garage, matched with the understanding of the -- what's possible based on technology coming up with a new product. We had a number of great hits this year.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned some pretty good growth in your emerging markets. I mean, given what's going on in some of these emerging markets due to currencies or whatever, are there any cause for concerns there?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I'm not concerned. But I think, look, it isn't easy. There -- I think we said back second quarter you can see lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter in the emerging markets, but we believe strongly in our physicals -- growing our physicals. Now, for example, our resellers are up more than 10%, our training -- number of training units in emerging market, there's training sessions in emerging markets up more than 10%. Our new factories there, our products in the mid-tier are growing. And when we look at the marketplace, what we see is 3 effects. You got the macros. So the macro occurs and the economy is up and down. Some of it, for example, in China, it's driven by exports. So they were exporting to Europe, a lot of those factories shutdown. So that's the kind of macro that affects people and it affects us in some ways, too. Although -- you had that but you also have, for us, the idea -- the repair wave rising on top of that and then you have the fact that we're just getting started in those markets. So it's kind of a complex milieu that drives our business. We don't have concerns about the future though, we were up nicely in China in this quarter and India had a good year. Indonesia was up and we -- that has been up and down for us. So this quarter, Indonesia led the way. So we're pretty pleased and encouraged by where we're going in emerging markets.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And 2 other quick ones. First of all, you've often said that the tool -- the portfolio on the financial service will mimic the growth in the Tools Group. This quarter, it certainly -- the originations certainly outgrew what your segment sales growth was in Tools. So can you maybe comment on that delta?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Yes. This is Aldo, Gary. Certainly, it was a strong quarter and it was up more than what we saw last year moving from Q3 to Q4. But 19%, I think, is in the bounds of reasonableness. If you look at the Tools Group, their overall growth was up 10.2%, a little bit more in the U.S. than the average. And within that group, their sale of big-ticket items, including tool storage and diagnostics, was above that average as well. So while it certainly was a good quarter in financial services and people took advantage of the financing packages that we had available, I think the originations were reflective of the fact that it was good big-ticket performance in Q4.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, lastly, and I'm not asking for a specific number, Nick, but do you think given that you've hit that operating margin goal that you set a couple of years ago, you've actually exceeded it, that some time this year you'll be able to reset that for the investment community?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, like you said, we set that target a long time ago. I think in 2005 or 2006, we were down around 5.9% and we've been talking about it often. This year -- for the full year, we're up 15.1%, 15.5% in the quarter. I'll simply say this: we believe strongly in our runways for growth and improvement and our capability to take advantage of this. We believe that we can continue to improve on a regular basis. I'm not saying every quarter, although if you look back we've been doing it every quarter, I'm not saying everything has to happen every quarter like clockwork, but we feel pretty strongly that we can continue to improve over -- in a trend, continue to improve in sales and in profitability. We got topped out in margin. And as far as the endpoints, we sit, we are armed with a great franchise. So we think this franchise is among the best. So we don't see any end to the improvement in our -- and looking out into the future.
Operator: Then we'll take our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Can you just talk about -- you talked about, during your prepared remarks aboutfranchise productivity and about growing productivity. I was just wondering if you could maybe go back to that and elaborate a little further and just give us a sense of how much further opportunity you think might be there? Is it being driven by new products? Is it the diagnostics and storage? Just help us understand what's behind your expectations for upside and for the productivity?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, look, I think -- the thing is, is that, the Tools Group has been performing quite in an encouraging manner. We have said that we will grow organically at 4% to 6%. We have said the Tools Group, by the nature of this business, is probably over the long haul in the sort of lower end of that number, but it grew 10.2% this fourth quarter. Last year, in the fourth quarter, it grew 9.3%. 9.3% and that was in 2012. In 2011, it grew 9.3%. And the year before that, it grew 12.8%. So it's been hammering away at some great quarters and that management team has understood the resonances of this business. And part and parcel of the residence is to recognize that the van is bounded -- the van is bounded based on space, and the driver is bounded based on time. And what the Tools Group is doing is work -- in terms of the productivity side, they're working on ways to break through those boundaries. That's why we have the Techno -- we have the Rock 'n Roll Cab Express which adds space in effect, virtual space. They are temporary time-sharing space to the vans and it's driven some of our big-ticket tool storage business. We're up over 60 of those now in North America. And we added about 6 or 7 in this past quarter, about 10%. And the Techno-Vans which basically focuses on diagnostics breaking -- relieving the van driver of having to understand the diagnostics as deeply as he might. In fact, I just rode on a Techno-Van just recently down here in Illinois with a young franchisee, Miguel Ortiz, and Mike Bedell, the driver, and they want around and you want to see how this works. They go to these shops and 3 technicians get on and they demonstrate the efficacy of the individual tools, the big diagnostics and the small ones, and even the tool storage stations where a shop owner can -- a lead tech can look at this tool storage station and say, "Gee. I can explain to my customer in a 16 by 7 flatscreen what's on the diagnostic, and I can store all my tools in it." And he pops for a bigger ticket item around diagnostics. He understands the real value and the full capability of diagnostics and that's part of what's behind us selling. But at the core of it is, breaking through the franchisees' time constraints. And so what the Tools Group is doing is looking at doing that. And so what you're seeing in the Tools Group is selling to more customers because they're breaking -- they're given the -- they're freeing up more time for the franchisee. Miguel Ortiz told me that, the guy I was -- the franchisee told me, "I ride-by shops because I can't -- I don't have time to call on them." This helps him to get more time to sell. And then the other thing we're doing with the tools -- with the Rock 'N Roll Cabs and with the new products and innovation and customer connection is we're giving them more to sell to excite existing customers. So when we rollout these thin wall sockets and so on, they excite the existing customers. I can't parse between those 2, but I can tell you that the Tools Group seems to be understanding that very well. Now, are they going to hit double digits every time? I don't think so. But we're cheering them on because they've been doing it.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: So in 2014, you're going to comp the Techno-Vans, and you're going to anniversary the contribution. And again, I appreciate the fact that you're still growing the size of that fleet. I guess the question is, do you continue to grow that fleet and that drives growth through 2014? Or do you do something like...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, I don't know. A year ago we had -- now we have -- if you combined the vans, if you combine the Techno-Vans with the Rock 'N Roll Cabs, we have about 70 now, we have about half that number 1 year ago. So I would say that we've been growing quite a bit so I don't know if we're going to keep growing. I guess I would expect we won't grow that many more Rock 'N Roll Cabs, which are the bigger number. I think we have almost, say, like 50 of those now -- 50 or 60 of those now but we'll add them as long as they're adding incrementally to us. And they have so far. It probably will slow down but then we'll be adding Techno-Vans. Where that stops, I don't know. Where that stops, I'm not sure.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, well the growth is encouraging. Just a couple of other quick questions. On the operating expenses, I guess, from the operating comp, you're up to about $1 billion now. How leverageable are these from here? In other words, I guess, how do you -- how does that number grow going forward with respect to revenue growth?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: You mean the operating expenses? Say that again please, sorry.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just your operating expense. I'm just wondering how leverageable those are. So, I guess, the question is, how did those grow going forward with respect to growth in revenue?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I can't give you guidance, but I'll tell you this, I think we're giving the Tools Group a blank check when they're growing at 10% or 9%. So I think they're out capturing territories. So if you look at their operating expenses, they're out there. Now, blank check maybe a little bit of an overstatement, but we're encouraging them to invest in things like product development, like the vans and so on. So if you're looking at the Tools Group and you're looking at this incandescent, this great growth, you're probably not going to see as much leverage on operating expenses until they sort of level of and then we know how to make money on top of that and be more efficient behind that growth weight. The other businesses, I think if you look at C&I, C&I has shown some great leverage in that area. In fact, C&I was up, what, 130 basis points in the quarter? And that was against that 70 basis points of unfavorable currency transaction. There are 150 basis points and that was again 70 basis points of unfavorable currency transaction -- or not 70 basis points, 120 basis points of currency transaction bad news. So they're seeing great leverage. So it's sort of a tale of 2 views of that. In Tools Group, you're not seeing much leverage because we're spending and we're rolling as fast as we can to capture territory. In C&I, we're getting a little bit of -- a little bit more leverage because we're seeing the headwinds and we're paying attention to -- a little bit more to efficiency.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that makes sense. Last question is just the January here, could you just talk about the impact of weather disruptions on the business?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, yes, I mean -- but it's kind of mixed. Of course, if you have something happen like Atlanta, it's going to cause you some problems and you're going to lose business. If you have continuing cold weather just as a kind of -- just regular cold weather like we're seeing here in Chicago, 0 degrees, 0 degrees, 0 degrees, sometimes it actually can accelerate business after a while because you get more difficulties. People will ruin transmissions and some of the heavy trucks will ruin transmissions trying to plow in the snow. You'll see people have difficulties in starting their cars and so on, and you have collision, which will drive more business. So I think the story here is the jury's out on this. It might affect you in a certain period because of items like Atlanta or storms in the northeast or so on, but then you have to wait and see in our business whether it's going to generate much more business based on the negative effects of that on the cars and so on. So for us, I don't really have a good answer on that. We're sort of like in a wait and see situation. I can't say whether it's definitely be good or definitely be bad.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Let's start with Snap-on Europe Tools. Nice to see an increase on there. Now that -- I guess we can pretty firmly say we put a bottom in, in that business. Can you give us some perspective?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, I said there was a bottom.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: No, no. How far is below 2007, 2008 levels?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: How far below 2007 and 2008 levels are we today? Is that what you're...
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes. Where did it bottom off?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't know, I can't -- I don't really have an answer for that. I can't really say that. I just know we're pretty far [Audio Gap] Certainly in Southern Europe, it's come down substantially. I really don't have an answer for you on that.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Do you think it's down more than a 1/3?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, I don't -- I'd say 1/4 may be, something like that.
Aldo J. Pagliari: Yes. 20%, 25%.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I'd say 1/4, probably. You can think about this as -- I think -- I'm trying to remember, but I think we entered the recession with about -- Europe being about 1/4 of our business and now, it's like 1/5 or something like that. So that's the kind of number, but that's our overall European business. Outside [ph] of Europe, maybe down slightly more than that.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Outside of there. Okay. And then as we look in the improvement that you're seeing, is that broad-based across the continent? Or is it -- are there certain pockets that you're seeing?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, there's landscapes to that. I mean, I think -- look, actually, interestingly, Southern Europe was up higher than the average but it was off of kind of dog food base. And so it was up in this period substantially, northern Europe, including the U.K. and some of those broad countries, while some of that was mixed, the U.K. was very strong and other countries were up. And so that was up very strong. The middle of Europe, which I would say, like, Germany and so on, that was sort of smaller than the average growth and then interestingly, our Eastern European business, which in this particular period -- and it can be lumpy, our Eastern European business was actually a little disappointing. It was a little flat and maybe down a little bit in certain countries but that was because it's mostly bigger ticket items. And so I think that can be a little variation. If you look at the other periphery, which I would say, the Middle East, and I mentioned Turkey, the MAGRA countries, Northern Africa, they were up strongly. So you have that kind of mix throughout Europe. I mean the net of it is, I think, that the U.K. continued to shine through and was probably better than it was, and north was better than it was. The south was better than it was. The center came back to more an even keel. Your eastern Europe might backed off a little bit and the periphery stayed strong.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then in the emerging markets, China, Southeast Asia area, as you're growing out your physicals there and you try and grow your distribution foreign partners and things like that, how -- what are you running into from the competition in the space? [indiscernible] you're doing?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I -- we -- sure, we see people trying to copy our products. People try to come in and copy our products and match our products. It's not so much for -- I don't know if it so much in a distribution area, it's more in the product area where people try to mimic what we're doing. And remember, it's a quite a fragmented market. So we'll see an effect maybe in, let's say, Chongqing, you'll see a local competitor try to step up and try to emulate what we do but we have to deal with that there and we do. And so I would say that's the #1 effect. We do try -- I think the major thing I can say about emerging markets is simply it's early, early, early days. It is over 10% of our business now but we expect it to be more because we can see ourselves riding up on the wave. And yes, we'll see competitors, people will try to match our products or copy our product and maybe they'll try to compete with us with resellers although we haven't seen that so far. But we're pretty confident in our model, in our technology, our products and the building of our physicals to prevail over time.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just 2 last things here. If we look at some of these companies that make automotive parts, aftermarket parts and sell them into the market, whether it's shock absorbers or batteries or what have you, tires, they've seen in the last quarter or 2 an acceleration in their revenues selling it to the market which would imply that the frequency of the repair, maybe the magnitude of the repair is starting to increase. Are you sensing anything like that, that's going on in the market?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, no, but I'll say that our business has -- I read to you what the Tools Group's numbers were over 4 years for 4 quarters, so we may have been seeing something like that for some time. I have the sense though that we are getting stronger relative to our competition in that mobile tool space. I do -- when I talked to -- so I see yourselves having gotten out of the box, giving us an advantage after the recession. Having found -- our Tools Group having found the residences in the distribution model with product and productivity to expand helping us, I guess, make progress versus -- in the marketplace. But also when I talk to our customers -- when our customers -- I talk -- I was just out on events, talking to transmission shops and regular shops, they all say their business is pretty good. They don't say things like well -- occasionally, I hear somebody say, "It's never been better." But it's not uniform. It does say though, "I'm feeling good. I think I have a good business. I need to figure out how to expand, to handle more business." So maybe you do see some increase. Maybe you do see some increase. But I don't think it's been more this quarter than, say, last quarter.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then the last item here, obviously, you have an opportunity here at the European tool business from a cyclical recovery perspective, what else in the business model right now would be opportunity for upside to get back to normal-type demand? And my guess is most everything is there, is back there already. Is there...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. I mean, I think -- well, look, I think, to get back to normal demand, we keep expanding our product line. I think the great example of that is the Bahco Ergo tool storage system -- Tool Control System. New product opening up a whole set of the whole different selling activity that works for us in Europe. That does help us. So as the European market comes back, we've been sharpening our skills in Europe to be able to take even more advantage than we had when the market was last up in 2007. The other piece of this is, I mean, I would say, we've been dealing with a pretty significant headwind in the military. Brutal. I mean, the military's just been going down and down and down. And so I think eventually, that, even though I said on the call, I don't see the end of that, eventually that comes back and we feel confident about our position because we're still getting contracts. The problem is, they say, "Congratulations. You got the contract. But the bad news is we don't actually have any money to fund it." And so you'll have to wait to actually get orders on this contract. So, I think that the military would accrue very well to us. And you got to remember that in the quarter, and we don't want to -- we don't make a big thing about this because we think it's just noise for us, but currencies didn't exactly treat us that well in this quarter. 70 basis points -- I think it was 70 basis points on sales for a translation and another 70 basis points on profits for transaction. And eventually, currencies all even -- I always feel currencies always even out, so I think that comes back after a while, or you adjust for it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Liam Burke with Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Nick, you talked about Europe rebounding nicely and you sort of actually went around all the regions and how they were doing, but you did talk about the European auto show and how much lift and you had some new product acceptance there. How much is that auto show helped lift sales either in this quarter or going forward?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think it is a factor but it's not a huge factor. Our auto business is one of the pieces in Europe so I wouldn't tie it completely to the auto sector. Although we have -- as the auto sector what -- I think the European sales are supposed to be up a couple percent next year, maybe 2.5% or something like that. I don't know if that's going to drive us. We certainly have an opportunity to get bigger in auto, and the fact that we got the award in auto will give us the opportunity. In the quarter, I wouldn't say it was the main effect but it does represent an opportunity for us. And if we win, as we did in Innovation Award, at that auto show, it bodes well for our future.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Aldo, you had another nice step up in free cash flow even as you pointed out the 19% increase in the finance receivables. You've called out the fact that you're going to pay down $100 million in debt. It seems your cash flow is going to continue to increase. How do you prioritize the use beyond the -- what you had discussed in the payback of $100 million?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Well, first and foremost, of course, is to support the organic growth. Again, we're a fairly working capital intensive company. So I would always remind people that as revenues grow, we invest 25%, 26% of revenue growth goes into working capital. Snap-on credit was actually one of the larger users of cash, of course, if you look back over the year on what the growth of that portfolio. And while I don't expect it to grow at the same rate of $148 million, it's still will be a user of cash as we look at 2014. CapEx, pretty much equal to dividend -- I mean, not dividend -- depreciation and amortization, so up a little bit. Share repurchases, we're not insignificant. I mean $83 million in the course. Of course, our strategy is to offset dilution. And of course, we are opportunistic as we look at acquisitions. This past year, we spent $38.2 million on Challenger. I think it was in Nick's comment that it's very close to our DNA. And as a result of that, we're leveraging that acquisition in a variety of ways. We continue to look for opportunities like that so I'm going ahead, that's what we have our radar screen open to.
Operator: Then we'll take our next question from Richard Hilgert with Morningstar Financial Services.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about just some big picture items here. Competition. I was curious how -- what's the competitive landscape at this point? Are competitors growing their van pool? Are you seeing new tool creation there similar to what you're doing? How does the competitive landscape look at this point?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, look, I think -- of course, if you talk about the mobile tool channel, we have 3 competitors: Mac, a sign of Stanley Black & Decker, Matco from Danaher, and Cornwell, an independent shop -- an independent operation with about 500 -- 400 or 500 vans. When I go out on these van rides and when I meet with franchisees at the -- things like kickoff meetings, NFAC, they really don't mention the competition particularly. Occasionally, you'll get a guy who mentioned that he has a particular friend who's riding a van but nothing in a competitive way -- riding a competitive van, nothing in a competitive way. Generally, our people reflect upon their own activity and say, "I'm up year-over-year. I have a better product offering." or "I'd like to see a little bit more." They don't talk so much about that so we don't really take action based on what the competitors are doing. So I'm not that well-informed. Although we try to make sure that we understand that they're constantly improving. And if we don't work hard in product and efficiency and so on, they'll be closing the GAAP with us. We understand that clearly but we haven't seen what I would say -- either in our numbers or in the anecdotal statements from our franchisees what I would call competitive pressure from those other franchises. Now I do know that Stanley Black & Decker, for example, has new products based on the Black & Decker line that they can sell through there vans. So they're replacing -- I'm sure they're placing some of the source product they had with their own manufactured product rolling through there, and that should give them some good sales increase for Stanley. But to the extent how that plays out in the marketplace, I'm not sure. We're not hearing much about it.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Do the competitors have the same kind of development that you're so good at where you have all of these different franchisees out there looking for opportunities with tools similar to what you described earlier in the call, where we witness the specialized tool come back, bring that back into the organization and say, "This is what I saw, let's develop this." Or have you caught the competitors copying what you've done because these are, I would imagine, pretty unique tools?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, look, occasionally, you'll see similar tools in the marketplace that Snap-on has. But I think I know the Stanley people, they're smart people. I'm sure they're doing everything possible to try to create productivity and innovation and capability in their network. I couldn't comment really pretty much on any specifics in that regard because we don't really run into it in the marketplace. Our focus is looking at our own vans and saying, "How can I reach our customers?" Taking that guy I mentioned, Miguel Ortiz, a young franchisee, and get him time so he doesn't have to drive by those places on his route. He's got time to call them. He gets to call on more customers. Get new products out so they energize our existing customers so they can't live without some of our tools because it will make their work easier and make more money for them. That's our focus. It's not so much about the competitors because after all, Snap-on does have a fairly strong position in this marketplace in terms of vans, in terms of loyalty of customers, in terms of power of the brand.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And second big picture kind of item is, over the next couple of years here, we're going to see more of off lease vehicles coming into the U.S. carpark. And I was curious over time, have you seen, as the carpark has ebbed and flowed here for the last 10 years or so, do you notice a corresponding change in your revenues? And should we think of this as somewhat maybe of an incremental, couple of basis points to your revenue growth as the carpark expands?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't know. That's one possibility. But in general, the carpark expanding, of course, would add to our revenues. As the carpark expands, it would add to our revenues. So if that occurs, that would be a positive tailwind. The big tailwinds for us are the change in the technology. As cars change and they come out with new cars and new cars coming to the parking -- the park that have different technologies, people need different elements and tools to deal with them. Secondly, the idea that the cars are getting older every year, big sale years and small sale years, cars have gotten older every year. Since 1980, this has happened, and so therefore, that creates more repair. And then the idea that the shift -- the idea that independent garages are becoming a more important component in terms of sales, and they need to be more upskilled and more sophisticated so therefore, they need more products. One of the reasons why our diagnostics and the diagnostic workstations are selling well. And this is a very big ticket item, which combines a tool storage unit with a diagnostic unit and a flatscreen, is because the independent shops want to ascribe and project the idea of capability and competence and that kind of product does it. So I think that's what I can say about that.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. Ms. Kratcoski, I'll turn the call back to you for any further remarks.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Well, thanks for joining us today. A replay of the call will be available at snapon.com shortly. And as always, we thank you for your interest in Snap-on. Have a good day. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Vice President of Investor Relations Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Aldo J. Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2013 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's third quarter 2013 results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website, along with a transcript of today's call. Any statements made during the call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections, are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filing. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I'll start by covering some of the highlights of our third quarter, and I'll provide an update on the general environment and on the trends of our business. Aldo will then give a detailed review of the financials. Our third quarter, it was encouraging. We again showed progress along our runways, both for growth and for improvement. Our sales were up 5.8% from last year, reflecting a 4.7% organic rise, as well as a $15.6 million increase related to Challenger Lifts, which you'll recall, earlier this year, was acquired for our undercar equipment portfolio. Our operating margin before financial services was 14.8%, up 130 basis points from the last year's 13.5%. When you add the $31.6 million in operating earnings from financial services, which was up from $27.9 million in 2012, the consolidated operating margin was 17.9%. And EPS was $1.43, also up from the $1.26 achieved last year. From a broad perspective, our automotive repair related businesses continue to be well positioned. You can see that with another quarter of mid to high single digit gains in both the Tools Group and in the Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I Group. For Commercial & Industrial or the C&I Group, where our major headwinds have been the most pronounced, the third quarter, it did offer some evidence of an improving environment. Now military activity, which is being held back by troop withdrawals and budgetary constraints, did remain a substantial headwind. Outside of that isolated sector, we saw a generally better year-over-year comparisons throughout the remainder of C&I. Importantly, that's also true for our European hand tools business, SNA Europe. You remember that this is an area that's been a substantial headwind for quite some time. Well, in the third quarter, SNA Europe was down only slightly, a significant upgrade from the deeper downturns in past periods and encouraging evidence of possible stabilization in that region. So I'd summarize the overall environment like this, the challenges of the military cutbacks continue, and of course, the situation in Washington creates a further overhang for the military. That's difficult to predict. But our areas of strength are holding firm, and the European contraction, one of our primary headwinds, appears to be abating. But economic environment notwithstanding, we believe that by focusing on 4 defined and decisive areas: enhancing the franchise network, expanding in the garage, building in emerging markets and extending into critical industries, we will continue to move down our runways for growth and maintain our long-term encouraging trend. Paired with those growth drivers, we also have our Snap-on Value Creation processes: safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement, or RCI. These are the tools we use each and every day to drive improvement and growth. I believe that this quarter's results demonstrate clearly the progress we're making in each of those dimensions. Consider customer connection and innovation, Snap-on has again, in 2013, won 3 MOTOR Magazine Top 20 Tool Awards. This year's winners were our AC400 touchless wheel clamp that greatly limits rim damage; the VERUS PRO diagnostic unit, our top of the line handheld; and the new flip socket that incorporates an 8-millimeter and 10-millimeter socket all into one tool. I've spoken about each of these products in the past, but I mentioned the award because this is just the latest accolade for the long list of what we call hip new products, those that sell more than $1 million in the first year. They drive excitement with our customers, and they author our growth. You see, Snap-on has unique customer connection advantage, over 4,800 vans calling on well over 1 million technicians worldwide and many more direct salespeople calling on thousands of critical workplace. And we translate that unique insight into winning innovation. And all of that, all of that worked for us in the third quarter. With that backdrop, let's turn to the discussion of the segments. C&I's organic sales were down 0.9% from last year. Actually, that comparison is quite a bit better than the 5% to 6% declines we had in each period starting in the fourth quarter last year. What did remain consistent is the double digit decline in military activity. As I said, however -- said before, however, in the third quarter, SNA Europe's comparison got better and the other operations provided more offset. But again, this quarter, in spite of the declines -- overall decline in sales, operating income was up by $2.6 million or 120 basis points to $36 million, up 120 basis points despite the sales decline to 13.1% of sales. I believe the profit increase in the face of the overall sales drop is clear evidence that RCI is working well at C&I, in Commercial & Industrial. Aside from the European and military activity that I've already mentioned, C&I also includes those businesses that are responsible for the lion's share of the growth initiatives, extending to critical industries and building in emerging markets of Asia Pacific, and we did see important progress. Related to Asia, we saw some nice increases. Our businesses in China and Korea and Thailand posted notable upward movement in the quarter. Both hand tools and undercar equipment made clear progress across the region, with the equipment activity confirming the capabilities of our recently opened undercar plant in Kunshan. Some of you have visited there. In our industrial division, the extension into our critical natural resources sector provides -- has been providing favorable offset to the military declines, with much of that activity also spurring international growth. Our expanding offering of tools, brought together into specialized kits and paired with unique tool control solution, is building our presence in oil and gas operations on land and on sea in Mexico, in South America, in the Middle East and in the U.S., in multiple geographies. Also related to critical industries, Snap-on's got a -- has a large and growing presence in technical schools all across America. You see, we believe that having future professionals trained with Snap-on products provides another important customer connection advantage. With continuing graduations and with new classes entering, the third quarter always provides important insight into our progress in the education sector, and we did see gains in this period. With our broadening certification programs, we partner with schools to develop curricula. The schools use our tools and equipment in their labs. We gain additional insight that helps guide our product innovation, and along the way we make the students customers for life, building a reservoir for sales as we go forward. That's C&I. That provides a bit of color on C&I. Now on to the Tools Group. Organic sales were up 9.5% from last year, with the gains coming from all geographies. Operating income in the quarter was 41.9% compared to $40.2 million in the -- $41.9 million compared to $40.2 million in 2012. The operating margin was 12.6% compared with 13% last year, reflecting increased investment in focused activities that are enhancing our van network and driving that substantial growth. I'll remind you that even through the downturn of 2009, we made it a priority to strengthen the franchise channel, and we believe there's substantial evidence that we did just that. The health metrics we monitor each period, whether it's franchisee profitability, turnover or delinquencies, are all broadly favorable. And certainly, the growth rates for this business over an extended period speak to abundant strength and to widening advantage. But beyond the numbers, beyond those numbers, there's observable qualitative evidence of forward momentum. Take this year's franchisee conference held in Nashville during August, it was even more successful. Now that's a barometer that indicates our franchisees are more positive than ever. These conferences are part selling show, part training seminar and part pep rally, and the recent edition and -- at Nashville was the biggest and most enthusiastic yet. I'll also point out that the franchisees pay their own way to come, taking time away from their home and from their businesses. So in that context, the more than 10% rise in attendance speaks to the state of the business and the height of the network's confidence. I'll also tell you that our orders were up even more than the attendance. It's not only an indication of franchisee optimism, but it's also an endorsement of our innovative product offerings. I often speak of the new products that enable sales, and that's certainly the case with our array of productivity-enhancing handheld diagnostic units. And that lineup we've had quite a string of hits, the SOLUS Ultra in 2011; the VERUS PRO in 2012; and this year, the ETHOS Plus; the MICROSCAN 3 and our new MODIS Ultra, all making the repair job easier and faster and driving van sales gains. There's also a number of highly successful and creative marketing and customer connection initiatives driving our sales gain, most notably, related to the tools -- most notably, related to the tool storage units the -- our Rock 'N Roll Cab Express, traveling showrooms that have been a big part of higher sales, and we keep expanding our fleet of those game-changing selling aids. And I believe I mentioned last quarter, we've launched another marketing support vehicle, our techno van, bringing sophisticated diagnostic expertise and demonstrations right to the point of sale. We kicked that program off in the second quarter, and it kept right on expanding. Rock N' Roll cabs, techno vans, we're finding effective ways, very effective ways to enhance the power of the van network and the sales. They -- it's working. Finally, related to the van channel, I'd be missing a huge competitor and a major strategic advantage if I didn't mention Snap-on Credit. Many of those innovative products, the largest ticket items, are financed. In that way, Snap-on Credit is a big growth enabler. And as you would expect, the credit operation had a strong presence at the franchisee conference in Nashville, providing effective training, teaching franchisees to wield credit more strongly, and making our finance activity an even greater strategic contributor. So that's tools. Now to the RS&I Group. Total sales were up 13.7%, including a 6.7% organic increase and a $15.6 million increase from the Challenger Lift acquisition. The operating margin at 22.9% rose from 22.3% last year, another testimony to the power of RCI. If you want to talk about Snap-on value creation, rapid continuous improvement to customer connection to innovation, RS&I is a great example. RS&I is charged with expanding our presence with repair shop owners and managers, and there was broad expansion. We again had strong growth in our businesses providing repair and -- repair information and diagnostics to independents, and we appear to be gaining traction across many dimensions in automotive, medium and heavy duty -- in automotive, medium and in heavy duty garages, serving both those independent repair shops as well as OEM dealerships, all fueled by our expanding product line. First I'll note that 2 of the MOTOR Top 20 winners were developed within RCI -- 4 of those shop customers. But when you're speaking of RS&I new products, there's much, much more. Let me give you a few highlights. Our new MODIS Ultra handheld, well targeted by customer connection, combining the fast operation and functionality of our highly successful SOLUS Ultra, but with added capabilities, such as a graphing meter and scope at an attractive price. It includes a larger touchscreen, a faster processor, expert information, an array of guided component tests and the battery charges while it's hooked up to the vehicle, a very, very popular feature. Early reception has been strong, and it looks like it's going to be a big hit. New products are also fueling global expansion in RS&I. We're just launching our first handheld diagnostic unit for Brazil, the PDL 4000. We've done it by leveraging information from across RS&I. We've been able to localize -- by doing that, we've been able to localize vehicle information and cover the majority of the Brazilian car part. The result has been an effective unit available at an attractive price, and we expect it's going to help us build a bigger position in an emerging market. It's already doing some of that. For the U.S. automotive shops, Mitchell 1 launched an update to our ProDemand repair information suite. It features a revised user dashboard that allows technicians and their customers easy access and better visibility to maintenance service schedules. It's an upgrade that will support improved shop productivity and profitability, and it will be popular. A word about heavy-duty truck shops, where we continue to make good gains with our repair information. That's where we recently launched a new Pocket iQ light diagnostic software product. It's the must-have tool for the aftermarket, developed and ideally suited for truck shops performing preventive maintenance. It monitors essential engine signals, and it even has the capability to adjust some basic vehicle settings. We've also seen some nice movement serving the automotive OEMs in their dealerships. Just in the past quarter, we expanded our electronic parts catalog capabilities and began wider relationships with large OEMs reaching beyond North America and Europe into several of today's emerging markets, a big breakthrough. Finally, we just launched a new V3400 wheel aligner, developed using our customer connection and innovation processes, specifically designed for high-end independent and OEM garages. It includes wireless communication that provides flexibility and simplifies installation, has smaller and lighter targets, resulting in space and ease-of-use advantages. And it incorporates our award-winning touchless wheel clamp that eliminates wheel damage. We believe it represents another winning product for RS&I and equipment expansion. So there are a lot of activities, big and small. But all important to our gains in serving garage owners and managers, and you can see it in this quarter's results. Well, that's the highlights of our third quarter. Organic sales up 4.7% despite the headwinds; the Challenger acquisition contributing well; progress along each of our runways for growth; and the Snap-on value creation driving us down our runway for improvement; OI margin up 130 basis points. It was an encouraging quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Thanks, Nick, and good morning to all those on the call. Our third quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $753.2 million in the quarter increased $41.6 million or 5.8% from 2012 levels. On an organic basis, sales increased 4.7%, excluding $15.6 million of sales from Challenger Lifts and an unfavorable $7.3 million impact from foreign currency translation. The year-over-year organic sales increase primarily reflects continued higher sales in the Snap-on Tools Group, along with increased sales of diagnostics and repair information products, as well as higher sales to OEM dealerships. These sales increases more than offset lower sales to the military and slightly lower sales in our European-based hand tool business. Consolidated gross profit of $364.3 million increased $23.9 million from 2012 levels. Gross margin of 48.4% improved 60 basis points, largely due to savings from ongoing rapid continuous improvement, or RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $253 million increased $8.8 million, and the operating expense margin of 33.6% improved 70 basis points from 34.3% last year, primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage, savings from ongoing RCI initiatives and lower restructuring costs. Total restructuring costs in the quarter of $1.7 million compared with $2.3 million last year. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before financial services of $111.3 million in the quarter increased 15.7% and as a percentage of sales, improved 130 basis points to 14.8%. Operating earnings from financial services of $31.6 million increased 13.3% over prior year levels. Consolidated operating earnings of $142.9 million increased 15.1% over 2012 levels, and the operating margin of 17.9% improved 140 basis points from 16.5% a year ago. Our third quarter effective income tax rate of 32.6% compares with 32.3% last year. We continue to expect that our full year 2013 effective tax rate will be comparable to our 2012 full year rate of 32.8%. Finally, net earnings in the quarter of $84.6 million or $1.43 per diluted share compared to net earnings of $74.1 million or $1.26 per share last year, representing a 13.5% year-over-year increase in diluted earnings per share. Now let's turn to our segment results, starting with the Commercial & Industrial, or C&I Group, on Slide 7. Sales of $275.2 million were down 0.9% organically from 2012 levels, primarily due to a double digit decline in sales to the military, coupled with a slight decline in sales in the segment's European-based hand tools business. As Nick mentioned, our C&I business in Europe is showing some signs of stabilization, which is encouraging. Gross profit in the C&I Group totaled $104.8 million in the quarter. Gross margin of 38.1% improved 110 basis points from 37% last year, primarily due to savings from ongoing RCI initiatives, particularly in Europe. Operating expenses of $68.8 million in the quarter declined $1.5 million from prior year levels, primarily due to lower restructuring costs, and the operating expense margin of 25% improved slightly from 25.1% last year. As a result of these factors, third quarter operating earnings of $36 million for the C&I segment increased $2.6 million from 2012 levels, and the operating margin of 13.1% improved 120 basis points from 11.9% last year. Turning now to Slide 8. Third quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $333.8 million increased 9.5% organically, reflecting increases across both our U.S. and international franchise operations. Gross profit of $142.8 million increased $11.5 million from 2012 levels, and the gross margin of 42.8% improved 30 basis points from 42.5% last year. Operating expenses of $100.9 million in the quarter increased $9.8 million from 2012 levels, primarily due to higher volume-related and other expenses including focused investment in growth initiatives aimed at enhancing the franchise network. The operating expense margin of 30.2% increased 70 basis points from 29.5% last year. Accordingly, operating earnings of $41.9 million for the Snap-on Tools Group increased $1.7 million over prior year levels. The third quarter operating margin of 12.6% compared with 13% last year. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I Group, shown on Slide 9. Sales of $252.7 million increased 13.8% from 2012 levels, including $15.6 million of sales from the Challenger acquisition. Excluding the Challenger sales and $0.2 million of favorable foreign currency translation, organic sales in the quarter increased $14.9 million or 6.7%, primarily due to a double digit gain in sales of diagnostics and repair information products and a high single digit gain in sales to OEM dealerships. Gross profit of $116.7 million in the quarter increased $11.3 million over prior year levels. Gross margin of 46.2% reflects a 130 basis point decrease from 2012 levels, primarily due to the impact of lower gross margin Challenger products, partially offset by continued savings from ongoing RCI initiatives. Operating expenses totaled $58.8 million in the quarter, and the operating expense margin of 23.3% improved 190 basis points from 2012 levels, primarily due to contributions from sales volume leverage, including the impact of the sale of Challenger products that have a lower operating expense ratio and savings from ongoing RCI initiatives. Third quarter operating earnings of $57.9 million for the RS&I Group increased $8.4 million from prior year levels, and the operating margin of 22.9% increased 60 basis points from 22.3% last year. Now turning to Slide 10. In the third quarter, earnings from financial services increased 13.3%, and originations of $205 million rose 14.2% year-over-year. Revenues in the quarter increased 11.4%, primarily due to continued growth of the financial services portfolio and higher average yields. The average yield on finance receivables of 17.4% in the quarter increased 30 basis points from 17.1% last year, and the average yield on contract receivables of 9.6% in the quarter increased 10 basis points from 2012 levels. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $1.2 billion of gross financing receivables, including $1 billion from our U.S. Snap-on Credit operation and $182 million from our international finance subsidiaries. In the U.S., $813 million or approximately 80% of the financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. Year-to-date, our worldwide financial services portfolio grew approximately $121 million. For the 2013 full year, we anticipate that the portfolio will increase by approximately $135 million over 2012 year-end levels. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operations of $84.3 million in the quarter increased $14.6 million from $69.7 million last year. There were no discretionary contributions to our U.S. pension plan in the quarter as compared to last year, when we made a $16 million discretionary U.S. pension contribution. Investing activities in the quarter included cash used of $34.3 million support a net increase in finance receivables. Capital expenditures of $19.3 million in the quarter compared with capital expenditures of $19.7 million last year. We expect that full year capital expenditures will approximate $75 million. Turning to Slide 13. Days sales outstanding for trade receivables of 62 days compares to 61 days at 2012 year end. Excluding currency impacts, inventories increased $41.9 million from 2012 levels, primarily to support continued higher customer demand with improved service levels, new product introductions and inventories related to the Challenger acquisition. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.7x compared with 3.9x at year end. Our quarter end cash position of $182.5 million reflects the year-to-date net funding of $108.7 million of finance receivables, share repurchases of $67.5 million, dividend payments of $66.5 million, the acquisition of Challenger for $38.2 million and capital expenditures of $50.7 million. These uses of cash were largely offset by $270.1 million of cash generated from operations, including higher levels of net income. Our net debt to capital ratio of 28.6% compares to 29.7% at 2012 year-end. In addition to our $182 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, including our recently concluded 5-year revolving credit facility. Our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper market should we choose to do so. At quarter end, no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities. This concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance. I'll now turn the call over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. I would say the third quarter is more confirmation on the strength of our business model and on the opportunities available along our runways. Of course, there are headwinds. The military is turbulent, and Europe, though stabilizing, is not yet cured. But despite those challenges, our sales in the period were up 5.8%. We are moving down our runways for growth. Rock 'N Roll cabs and techno vans enhancing the van network, the Challenger acquisition and new diagnostic product reaching more shops, our success in oil and gas and in creating customers for life, our growing presence in places like China and Brazil, all of that is compelling testimony to our ongoing growth potential and to our progress in taking advantage of those abundant opportunities. And we're also moving down our runway for improvement. C&I and SNA Europe, higher profitability despite lower sales. And the overall corporation and op co OI margin of 14.8%, up 130 basis points, clear evidence of Snap-on value creation and its ongoing benefits. We are encouraged by the third quarter results, achieved against challenge, but we believe that substantial opportunity remains and that our favorable trends and long-term progress will continue as we move forward. Before I turn the call to questions, it's appropriate that I recognize those who made these results possible, our franchisees and associates. Once again -- I know many of you always listen to this call. I know you're listening today. For your extraordinary skill in driving our progress, you have my admiration. And for your extraordinary commitment and dedication to our team, you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: A couple of questions. I want to start with on the Snap-on Tools business, and it's nice to see the strong organic growth across all the businesses here in the quarter. I wanted to zero in on the SG&A number here. I mean I think, if I look at the numbers correctly, the SG&A as a percent of that segment sales have been falling or declining, and this is a change from that pattern. So are these the incremental initiatives of what you've been doing, just more of them or broadening them geographically? Can you help some color -- give us some color there?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Sure. Look, I think the thing is the principal activity here is the investments in the -- what we would broadly say, our actions which are breaking through the structural disadvantages of the van. One easy one to remember -- you'll all remember is the Rock 'N Roll cab. The van is constrained by size. You can only put a couple of tool storage boxes on them, therefore, the Rock 'N Roll cabs allow -- add more marketing space at the point of sale from time to time. It breaks through it. It drives more sales. We've gone up. I think the number that we have almost 50, over -- we were in the 40s last time and -- about 40 of them last quarter. So we've gone up quite a bit. In fact, we're in the 30s last time. So you see that. And then this time, we're launching the techno vans. Last time, I think we had 3 or 4 at the end of the quarter, now we have 10. And the techno vans are diagnostics, and there is quite a bit of training around this. Not only are the vans heavily facilitized because you have all of the equipment on the vans, which help you demonstrate the diagnostics to their fullest, but there's a lot of training associated with the van drivers themselves because you have to have guys on those vans that have to make the diagnostics sit up and do dog tricks. And then there are a number of other things in there this quarter, smaller items, which have helped us in that regard. And then I would offer the idea that the SFC was bigger and better than ever before, and we had 10% more, 10% more attendance. That 10% drives more expense. And in fact, we planned it to be bigger with more training and more selling and so on, and more sales space. And all of that rolls up to an investment. Actually, from our perspective, I'm very encouraged by this because what I view it as -- I would classify it in the old football saw as run to daylight. We've asked the Tools Group to -- when they see opportunity, to run to it, to the spend to take advantage of it, and that's what they've been doing. And it's been resulting pretty well. If you look at the Tools Group's numbers, David, over the last several quarters, the third quarters are like this. In 2010, they were up 10.5%. '11, they were up 6%, 11.1% last year, so this wasn't an easy comparison. They were up 9.5% again. So we're not so worried about the SG&A. We like the idea of spending to get those sales.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. That's useful. And then your tool business is up close to 10%, Stanley yesterday said that Mac Tools was up close to 10%. It's hard for you 2 players to be growing that -- take that much market share. So are these finding ways to get to more customers out there who haven't been accessed before? And I'm talking about the 2 of you combined here because the market just isn't growing that fast, is it?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't think so. I can't speak to their number. I think they said they were up high single digits. I don't know what the exact number was, so I am...
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: High single digits.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, right. So I'm not sure exactly what the number is. There are a number of things that can flow through in terms of the different products that can be selling and the sources of those products that will result in driving Stanley sales, depending on how they come out on the Mac vans. The market is nice, but we're pretty sure that we are reaching more customers and selling more to the same customers. I can tell you that our van drivers are more excited about our proposition. I was just in Saratoga, New York, riding around on a van with Greg Dolan [ph] up there, and he was very enthusiastic about our products and its prospects. And his customers were positive about what he does for them. So we feel very good about both those engines driving the tools sales, reaching more people and also selling more to the same customers. That's what's happening in both of these places. And part of it is productivity giving the van driver more time to sell, reaching more customers; and two, breaking through some of the structural disadvantages like space and technical expertise that can only -- that one man can only have so much technical expertise on the van, and that's been driving this increase.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then one last item on the C&I segment, on the military. Q4 -- I know your business had been declining already last year going into Q4, but the fourth quarter was the first big decline. So anniversary-ing around that, is there a way you can characterize your Q3 military volumes versus what they were in Q4 of last year? Is that flattening out? Are we still seeing declines? And I know overall, it's a small piece.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I hate to comment on any kind of trajectory around the military given the turbulence in Washington these days. Who knows where it's going. I mean, look, we had a -- the fourth quarter has always been our biggest quarter. We took a big shot in that, the fourth quarter last year. I had said that we're going to see -- I know I said on these calls that we're going to have probably lighter comparisons going forward. Yes, but the atmosphere gets -- got worse and worse, and so we've been seeing some big headwinds -- maybe not as big as the fourth quarter, but some big headwinds in the third quarter as well, third quarter of this year, not as big as the fourth quarter last year, but still pretty significant that's moving the needle.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: I've got a question on the Tools Group with the solid growth there. Could you maybe categorize or break that out between U.S. -- and I guess, it's -- U.K. is where you have the franchise business. Was a lot of this the U.K. snapping back more strongly than...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. Yes, go ahead. Finish your question.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: No, go ahead. That's fine.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, if you look at it broadly, if you look at it broadly, international, U.S., kind of the same, Gary, kind of the same. If you landscape the international business -- as you know, for the Tools Group like Canada, U.K., Australia and so on, we had some goes-ins and goes-outs. The U.K. was up nicely as well. In fact, our overall business, if you roll it all together, one of the things we're kind of happy about in terms of our -- one of the things that's positive -- we're happy about is the U.K. actually did snap back, but it's not driving -- our overall business in the U.K., including SNA Europe and the Tools Group and other businesses that sell in the U.K., are up double digits. But for the Tools Group, it's not driving that -- not influencing that 9.5%, not influencing it. It's in that ballpark.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: In terms of -- could you maybe talk about or give us some metrics surrounding growth in the emerging markets, and what percentage of your sales that is now?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, it's north of 10% now, I'd say in low double digits, you'd say, now. And every quarter, you get kind of -- because you're spread over lots of emerging markets, you get kind of goes-in and goes-outs. We had -- as I said, I think, in the script, we had a good quarter in China, good quarter in China, nice quarter in Thailand, good one in Korea. We had a fine quarter in Brazil. Some of the others were weaker. For example, the Philippines was weak for us this year. But in general, we're at 11% -- not 11%, but it's the low single digits and we're growing.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then could you just remind me, Aldo, the finance receivables versus contract receivables, what's the difference there?
Aldo J. Pagliari: A finance receivable, Gary, is when Snap-on Credit finances an end customer who is a customer of the franchisees, so in other words, a technician, a mechanic out on the shop floor. A contract receivable is when Snap-on directly finances a garage shop owner or a franchisee themselves. So the receivable is directly between Snap-on and the party versus a third party.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Richard Hilgert with Morningstar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Congratulations on the award during the quarter to MOTOR Magazine. That was good accomplishment, but something that -- obviously with the technology is something that isn't out of the realm of possibilities. I wanted to ask about the restructuring costs. Was any of that in the Tools segment? Or was all of it in the C&I segment?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Very little actually in this quarter.
Aldo J. Pagliari: I'd say it's -- Roger (sic) [Richard], Aldo here. It was a little bit in the RS&I segment actually and then the Commercial & Industrial Group. There was a smidgen, so to speak, in the Tools Group.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: So this wasn't really a big restructuring quarter for us.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Right. It was $1.7 million, you said?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Right.
Aldo J. Pagliari: That's correct. Overall, it was $1.7 million as compared to $2.3 million for the corporation last year.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: All right, okay. With the shutdown that we just experienced in the government, will there be any impact from that in any kind of government contracts that you might have in the fourth quarter?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I don't know. I mean the thing is, is that I think you can speculate yourself. First of all, we usually -- we don't give guidance or anything like that, but look, we have a military business. I would say anybody who's got direct business with the government would be wondering whether it would be effect going forward. But they did solve the problem now, so whether that plays out quickly enough to eliminate any overhang, I'm not so sure. What I would say though is that through the quarters we've had, we've seen an overhang from sequestration in the military business and the government business, and it's hard to predict whether that will get positive -- whether that will get more negative as we go forward. I would suppose, if this is not solved and they don't snap back quickly, it could get more negative. But I think that's very shaky, shaky to predict. We've been dealing with a kind of difficulty in that area for some time.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. One last question. The inner segment eliminations for revenues went up quite a bit this quarter. Just curious what was the activity there that drove that?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, it tends to revolve around the SFC, the Snap-on Franchisee Conference, where you bring all these guys together, the franchise -- remember, I said it's part selling show. They order, some of those sales get in the quarter. And what that means is some of the other segments, for example, the diagnostics groups or the C&I Group will provide products, they provide products to the Tools Group, and that tends to ramp up during this period. And that's what you're seeing in here.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Liam Burke with Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Nick, you talked about emerging markets in the C&I business picking up some of the slack, where you had other areas of weakness. Is it the same end markets? Is it oil and gas in emerging markets? Or is it some other critical industry?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, no. It's broad, broad. And when we say emerging markets, we really mean the whole Shamil [ph], like automotive, automotive repair. We would call automotive repair, by the way, a critical industry. It's just that it's not handled within our standard definition. There is criticality around automotive repair. But it's automotive repair, oil and gas, aviation, in some cases, the military -- foreign military and power generation. So it's broadly based.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And you had a lot of new product releases around the diagnostics. Those products are typically smaller. Are you generating similar margins to the -- to what your traditional diagnostic product line?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, yes. I don't think -- look, I think the products we mentioned, which are handheld diagnostics and for heavy truck and for automotive, there isn't much margin difference between those 2 segments, I would say. So if you're talking about like products reaching into different segments like diagnostics or software, they're pretty much the same types of margins. The margin variation in the RS&I Group comes from the sort of essential tool businesses that we sell to OEM dealerships, that can be a little smaller, and the undercar equipment businesses, which can -- are hardware-based and tend to attract lower margins than, say, the software businesses. But in general, there's no implied motion period-to-period, quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year by those. That we have talked about today.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Nick, you were asked earlier about the sequestration on military and the government shutdown on military. I guess, I wanted to approach that question a little bit differently and just see if you saw any slowdown in channel velocity through your franchisees in the second half of September.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, we usually don't comment on month by month, but I will offer this. When I go out -- and like I said, I was just on a van up in upstate New York, I was just with the national franchise conference -- our franchise advisory council last weekend. And as -- they represent -- there's franchisees, there's 12 of them, they represent every region of our country. I saw nothing but optimism. So my suggestion about the effects of this uncertainty broadly described around the shutdown and the debt ceiling and the sequestration, I believe is not weighing as heavily on smaller businesses that we're seeing, that are -- remember, we're operating in criticality. So the small businesses operating in criticality, whether you're talking about technicians or franchisees or repair shop owners, they seem to be anesthetized to the bad news. As I move up in size the businesses, they seem to be more burdened by the uncertainty. The bigger businesses, the more uncertain they are. And then, of course, anybody who's dealing directly with the business, like our military business, of course, that business gets shut down a little bit. So that's what we're seeing. If you talk about the effects of sequestration and the shutdown of the government and the debt ceiling and the whole idea that this is going to come up again in February and all this news, sure, this is something we watch, but we are not wringing our hands over it.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. You were asked earlier as well about the emerging markets. I just want to go back and pick up on that. If you could just talk about the profitability of the emerging markets business and how's that changing.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: The emerging -- look, if you look at -- it's a -- the emerging market business is about as profitable as the rest of the businesses. Let's say, in C&I, emerging market is a big piece of our business -- a big piece of our emerging market business in C&I. It's about as profitable as that business. It's about as profitable as the businesses reflected in the segment for those product lines. The geography of the profitability is different, lower gross margin, lower SG&A or lower operating expense usually. And then we can parse that there's a pre-investment on top of it that tends to put a little bit of drag on it, and that investment keeps going as we keep expanding. But if you look at the business as it occurs transaction by transaction, you say, this is just as profitable as all the rest of our businesses. So we're very encouraged by that.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. On Europe, can you -- on Europe, you've -- I think you've talked in the past, it's roughly about 1/3 of that C&I segment, right?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Say that again, I didn't quite catch it.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: I'm sorry. The European business, we think of that as being...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: About 1/3, yes.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: About 1/3 of the C&I business. So I guess, the question is, it sounds like it's stabilizing, that's encouraging. When that business comes back and you get a little further down the road, you're running at close to full capacity, what can the European business generate in terms of margins? What would you think of as peak margin capability for that business?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, actually, I don't think we've ever spoken to the margins of the European business in isolation. But certainly, you will be entitled to the fact that we know these -- we've said these things. The European business was down drastically. It was wounded. We have pushed on it and pulled on it and worked RCI on it over the years. Remember, it really never -- it came out of the recession briefly in 2010, then sort of dipped back in, at the end of 2011, went back to double digit reductions and kept going. But through that period, we were working RCI, but we were very careful to, say, one, we didn't see our customers disappear; two, we didn't actually take out capacity. We kept capacity there because we're confident the business comes back, and what that means is we have lowered breakeven. And I would suggest to you that the idea that it is more profitable on even lower sales is good arithmetic and quantitative testimony to the fact that works pretty well. When volume comes back and they start to see some good numbers, it will accrue relatively well to the bottom line like any of our businesses, I believe. And what's happening in Europe actually is kind of interesting. Northern Europe has come back. We're -- particularly England, double digit growth for our businesses overall in England. Very good in the north, Sweden, Norway up very well. The middle countries like Germany and France, France still down, but narrowed a little bit. And then the periphery contributing, like the Maghreb countries and Turkey and so on contributing well. So you still see that Europe is not yet cured, but it's stabilizing in the middle, and the north actually seems to -- at least in this quarter, seems to have turned a little bit of a corner. That accrues well for us based on where our cost structure is.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: So what you're saying is, essentially because of the lower breakeven, you think, as volume comes back, your margins will recover faster there than they would elsewhere in the business?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think you'd be in -- I think you'd be entitled to that assertion, yes -- to that thought, yes.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. That's good. Last question. Just you talked about the OEM dealerships being a bigger part of your business, can you just talk about what you're seeing in terms of business trends there? Are the OEM dealerships likely to be a stronger part of your business going forward? And what are the implications for your RS&I mix?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, actually, I -- correct me -- let me come back. The OEM dealerships, our business with the OEM dealerships, electronic parts catalogs and this essential tools business were up -- I think I said were up strongly in the quarter. But our sales to independents -- Mitchell 1, the software business, the diagnostics business, these are software-based businesses that take advantage of our reservoir of data about the independent -- the car part that independents need so badly, those were up strong double digits. And so actually, I wouldn't say our business is changing. It was growing in the OEMs, but it also grew in the independents. So I wouldn't say the mix changed this quarter, just both moved for us.
Operator: And at this time, there are no other questions in queue. I'll turn the call back over to Leslie Kratcoski.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Great, thanks. We'll wrap up our call today. A replay of it will be available on snapon.com shortly. And as always, thanks for your interest in Snap-on and for joining us today. Goodbye.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Vice President of Investor Relations Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Aldo J. Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Adam Brooks - Sidoti & Company, LLC Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Sarah Hunt - Alpine Woods Capital Investors, LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on 2013 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Melanie, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's second quarter 2013 results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today's call. Any statements made during the call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs; or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections, are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everybody. I'll start off today with the highlights of our second quarter. I'll cover the general environment, then I'll discuss some of the progress down our runways for both growth and improvement. Aldo will then provide a detailed review of the financials. Much as we've seen over the past several quarters, we were again able to overcome the substantial headwinds to post solid sales and profit gains. Our organic sales increased 3.1% from last year's level, with opco operating income rising to $117.8 million or 15.4% of sales, and Financial Services contributed an additional $30.6 million, up $5 million from last year. It all added up to a consolidated operating margin equal to 18.4% of revenues and EPS -- and an EPS of $1.50, which is up more than 15% from last year's $1.30. Now there are a couple of items in this year's year-over-year comparison that should be noted. First, last year's results were impacted by a relatively high restructuring charge, which included $6.8 million for pension settlement at our now closed Canadian tool storage facility. Also this year, we incurred $4.4 million in higher stock-based and mark-to-market cost that was primarily related to our recent share price increase and to more participation in our long-standing employee and franchisee stock purchase program. But even after adjusting for these 2 items, we believe that the year-over-year comparisons represent encouraging progress. Related to our quarterly sales of $764.1 million, in addition to the 3.1% organic increase, we also had $8.5 million or 120 basis-point contribution from our recent acquisition of Challenger Lifts. Along with a negative 70 basis-point impact from foreign currency, the total result was an overall sales increase of 3.6%. Now at a macro level, we haven't seen much change in the external environment from the last 2 quarters. Our Tools Group and our Repair Systems and Information, or RS&I group, both which primarily serve the automotive repair sector, are showing mid to high single-digit volume gains. However, those increases and the generally favorable market environments in those automotive-related segments are somewhat offset by Commercial & Industrial, or the C&I group. You may remember that the businesses in C&I are where we feel the brunt of our major headwinds and the overall unevenness in the world economies. You see it continuing this quarter mainly with softness in Europe and the impact on SNA Europe; our hand tool business is based in that region, and in reduced military spending driven by troop withdrawals and budgetary constraints. So there are challenges, but as I see it, there's also further progress. We do believe that this quarter's results clearly demonstrate the benefits of and the balance inherent in the strategies we're pursuing as we proceed down our runways for both growth and improvement. For growth, we've identified 4 areas that are critical to our future: enhancing the franchise channel; expanding in the garage; building in emerging markets; and expanding into critical industries. And again this quarter, strategic progress in those areas more than offset the impact of the external headwinds. Let me focus for a moment on customer connection and innovation. These are 2 key components of Snap-on value creation and they're helping drive our growth. Just this past quarter, Snap-on was again recognized for innovation when Professional Tools and Equipment News, or PTEN, recognized us with their top Innovation Awards in 5 categories. I've mentioned some of these products in the past, and I'll highlight a few more now on the heels of their wins. In the tool storage category, Snap-on was recognized for our diagnostic mobile workstation. It's a complete diagnostic and information system packaged in a secure, fully enclosed unit that's on wheels, so it can easily be moved around the garage, going right to where the work needs to be done. The station was designed for use with our VERDICT handheld unit. It provides custom foam cutouts for organization of accessories, a mounting place for a monitor and plenty of storage space for other tools. Another of these award-winning products was the AC Touchless Wheel Clamp. This unique design allows alignment techs to securely clamp the tire in one single and fast motion without touching the rim. Now today, that's important because cars -- today's cars have ever more varied and sensitive and expensive rims. People worry about rim damage, this fixes it. And lastly, of these recent winners -- and lastly, of the recent winners, I'll mention the BK8000 wireless digital inspection scope. This tool provides the technician with the ability to visually inspect areas that are normally inaccessible but are important to see, like under the dash, behind the engine block, inside the transmission housing or engine. And has a screen that's 40% larger than the competition, touch interface, rechargeable aluminum -- lithium batteries, and more memory than ever before for digital video. This scope is a worthy winner of this award and is a popular seller. One important additional fact that I think everybody should know or recognize is that the PTEN award -- about the PTEN award, is that they're voted on by actual users. So the Snap-on products selected as innovation leaders were chosen by a panel that included active technicians and shop owners, those who will actually use the product. We believe that customer connection is a big advantage for Snap-on. With our 4,800 franchisees around the world, hundreds of direct salespeople, calling on 600,000 repair shops and many more critical work sites, we have great insight in the products that will make work easier for professionals. The PTEN awards, selected by the same professionals, are evidence that customer connection innovation are advantages for Snap-on and you can see it in the results. Now demonstrating our balance between growth and improvement, we also saw stronger operating performance in the quarter. In fact, the opco operating margin of 15.4% recorded in the period does represent a new level. You see everyday, we're applying the elements of Snap-on value creation: safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and Rapid Continuous Improvement, or RCI. It's a focus that moves up along the runways for improvement and the gains can be seen not just in those areas benefiting from our increased volume, but other places. In fact, maybe more telling, even though C&I group was down in sales this quarter, it still achieved a 12.6% operating margin. The impact of the sales decline was checked and limited. That's Snap-on value creation. Speaking of C&I -- I'll move to a discussion of each of our segments. C&I sales of $266.2 million were down 5.4% organically, with an additional 70 basis-point drop from currency. Operating income was of $33.6 million, actually was up, as I said, a reasonable job eliminating the impact from the drop in volume. For the group, there really wasn't much change from last quarter's sales picture. Year-over-year activity comparisons were about what we've seen in the past. SNA Europe was down, high-single digits overall, but their profits were up, the benefits of RCI and the restructuring actions we've taken in prior periods. And as expected, military was down again, big double digits. So the headwinds and trends remained about the same, with the normal period-to-period variation seen across individual markets. In short, our overall view and outlook remains the same. The military decline did more than offset gains in -- elsewhere in industrial business. Remember, this is the business that's primarily focused on extending the Snap-on reach in the critical industries, places like aviation, mining and oil and gas. In the past, I've spoken of expanded product line to serve customers in those critical industries, and we continue to have successes with new customers and products. One highlight this quarter was strong gains with international aerospace customers. We're reaching more maintenance, repair and overall facilities around the globe. And that extension is aided by new products like our control tech, electronic torque wrench, patented technology to achieve the fastest and most accurate torque and angle combo in a single motion; added durability, important for the critical industry environment; an audible indicator; a vibrating handle; an LED display, all to alert the technician as the proper torque is achieved and bring him right in on target. And it incorporates Snap-on's dual 80 technology, providing more precise yet stronger ratcheting. It just launched, just launched this past quarter, and it's being well received by professionals across the critical industries. One more point, one last point, remember that C&I is where we have our primary effort to penetrate emerging economies. These geographies were much as we saw in the first quarter, with India, the Philippines, Turkey and Russia, being particularly positive this quarter. So we'd continue to build position and make progress along that decisive runway. Let's move to the Tools Group. Organic sales were up 7%, an encouraging volume gain. The operating margin of 15.7% in the quarter represents a new high for the group and compares to 13.7% recorded last year. Now you remember, that there were higher restructuring charges in the second quarter of 2012, $6.9 million of which was in the Tools Group mainly for the Canadian pension settlement. I also mentioned the franchisee stock purchase plan. This quarter, we had $1.8 million higher cost associated with that plan in the Tools Group. These 2 items impact the year-over-year comparisons. But adjusting each, but adjusting each year for the 2 items, this year's operating margin of 16.3% would compare to last year's at 15.8%, still strong growth. Big-ticket sales were -- for the Tools Group, big-ticket sales were significant growth drivers in this period. Diagnostics and tool storage units, those products were strong. We believe, it's important for us, because we believe that big-ticket activity provides meaningful evidence of the financial well-being of our customers, and it's a good barometer on the overall health of the auto repair sector. And those sales, those big-ticket sales are being supported by Snap-on Credit. It's an important advantage for us. Not only is Credit helping to drive big-ticket activity in North America, but we're now extending some of that advantage in the international van operation. The well-established programs and expertise we've developed here are being applied to our advantage in places like the U.K. and Australia, improving service, increasing customer satisfaction and driving more growth. Tools Group performance was also driven by customer connection and innovation. 3 of the 5 PTEN Innovation Award winners are sold by our franchisees. And our many more new products like the innovative S6810 impact flip socket, an 8-millimeter and 10-millimeter hex on the same tool, saving technicians' valuable time and moving today's underbody panels that have dozens of different, different-in-size fasteners, a process required even for routine repair and maintenance. This tool is a big saver. Or products like our new digital display circuit testers that provide the technicians with a no-guess voltage rather than having to estimate it based on bulb brightness, we took technology and features from a more advanced multimeter and applied it to a common handheld tester. Now it sounds simple but since April, we've sold tens of thousands of them, well over $1 million in value. The group's performance testifies that we are progressing along the strategic runway of enhancing the van channel. You can see it in the franchisee health metrics, sales up, franchisee turnover down, trends positive. So based on the second quarter, the Tools Group appears to be hitting on a lot of cylinders. Now for RS&I. A total sales of 8.7 -- a total sales increase of 8.7%, which is made up of an organic rise of 4.9% and additional -- and an additional contribution of 380 basis points from the acquisition of Challenger Lifts, and a 40 basis-point impact from unfavorable foreign exchange. The operating margin was a strong 23%. We continue to see strength in our business providing independent shops with diagnostics and repair information, and in serving OEM dealerships with essential hard and diagnostics tools and with electronic parts catalogs. Gains in those businesses drove RS&I growth in spite of flat sales for undercar equipment, a product line that has been impacted by the decline in Europe where we have a relatively large position. Obviously, one of the big highlights for RS&I this quarter was the Challenger Lift acquisition in mid-May. We're excited to add Challenger to our portfolio, a well-established brand, a complementary product line. We believe that the acquisition is a step along our path of coherent growth. It will broaden our product line and help us to better serve customers who are repair shop owners and managers. Moving away from undercar equipment. Snap-on's presence is expanding in other parts of the garage and here too the gains are driven by an ever-growing offering of innovative and new products, like entry-level diagnostics. Earlier this year, we launched the successful MICROSCAN 3 and ETHOS Plus in North America, basic diagnostics. Now in the second quarter, we rolled them out internationally in the U.K. They're quite -- and they're quite popular, and these are important entrée products introducing technicians to Snap-on capability, creating customers for life who transition into utilizing our full diagnostics line up. Mitchell 1, our repair information business, has also been launching new products to serve the important medium- and heavy-duty truck market. Our new truck labor estimating product, we believe the most complete such database available for estimating truck repair, has been well received and adds to our already strong and growing line up in that segment. It's clear to us that we're gaining traction with truck repair shop owners and managers. You can see it with this new estimating product and it's evidenced with our truck repair information offering, which registered a 25% increase in customers since this time last year. So that's the highlight to our quarter: advancements along our runways for growth and for improvement; continued expansion with strength in the Tools Group and RS&I, overcoming the external challenges in C&I and its headwinds; and better performance, Snap-on value creation driving improvements, higher profitability across the corporation despite the challenges. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo before making a few closing comments. Aldo?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our second quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $764.1 million in the quarter increased 3.6% from 2012 levels, on an organic basis, sales increased 3.1% excluding the $8.5 million of sales from Challenger Lifts and an unfavorable $4.7 million impact from foreign currency translation. The year-over-year organic sales increase primarily reflects continued higher sales in the Snap-on Tools Group, along with higher sales to OEM dealerships, and increased sales of diagnostics and repair information products. These sales increases more than offset lower sales to the military and lower sales in our European-based hand tools business. Consolidated gross profit of $373.2 million increased $23.3 million from 2012 levels. Gross margin of 48.8% improved 140 basis points, largely due to lower restructuring costs, as well as savings from ongoing Rapid Continuous Improvement, or RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $255.4 million increased $10.1 million, primarily due to higher volume-related expenses and $4.4 million of increased stock-based and mark-to-market expenses. The operating expense margin of 33.4% compared with 33.2% last year. Restructuring costs in the quarter totaled $1.8 million. Last year, restructuring costs totaled $10.2 million and included $6.8 million for the settlement of a pension plan following the 2011 closure of our Newmarket, Canada facility. As a result of these factors, operating earnings before Financial Services of $117.8 million increased 12.6%, and as a percentage of sales improved 120 basis points from prior year levels. Operating earnings from Financial Services of $30.6 million increased $5 million or 19.5% over prior year levels. Consolidated operating earnings of $148.4 million increased 14% over 2012 levels, and the operating margin of 18.4% improved 170 basis points from 16.7% a year ago. Our second quarter effective income tax rate was 32.5%. We continue to expect that our full year 2013 effective tax rate will be comparable to our 2012 full year rate of 32.8%. Finally, net earnings in the quarter of $88.4 million or $1.50 per diluted share compared to net earnings of $76.4 million or $1.30 per share last year, representing a 15.4% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the Commercial & Industrial, or C&I group, on Slide 7. Sales of $266.2 million were down 5.4% organically from 2012 levels, primarily due to a double-digit decline in sales to the military and a high single-digit sales decline in our European-based hand tools business, as a result of ongoing economic weakness in that region. Gross profit in the C&I group totaled $105.4 million in the quarter. Gross margin of 39.6% improved 280 basis points from 36.8% last year, primarily due to savings from ongoing RCI initiatives, particularly in Europe, and lower restructuring costs. Operating expenses of $71.8 million in the quarter were essentially flat with prior year levels. The operating expense margin of 27%, however, increased from 25.2% last year, primarily due to lower sales. As a result of these factors, second quarter operating earnings of $33.6 million for the C&I segment increased $800,000 from 2012 levels, and the operating margin of 12.6% improved 100 basis points from 11.6% last year. Turning now to Slide 8. Second quarter sales from the Snap-on Tools Group of $346.2 million increased 7% organically, reflecting increases across both our U.S. and international franchise operations. Gross profit of $152.9 million increased $15.9 million from 2012 levels, primarily due to $6.8 million of lower restructuring costs. The gross margin of 44.2% in the quarter increased 200 basis points from 42.2% last year. Operating expenses of $98.4 million in the quarter increased $5.9 million from 2012 levels, primarily due to higher volume-related costs and $1.8 million of increased stock-based and mark-to-market expenses associated with our franchisee stock purchase plan. The operating expense margin was 28.5% in both the second quarters, 2013 and 2012. As a result of these factors, operating earnings of $54.5 million for the Snap-on Tools Group increased $10 million from prior year levels, and the operating margin of 15.7% increased 200 basis points from 13.7% last year. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I group, shown on Slide 9. Sales of $246.2 million increased 8.3% from 2012 levels, including $8.5 million of sales from the recent acquisition of Challenger. Excluding the Challenger sales and unfavorable foreign currency translation, organic sales in the quarter increased $11.1 million or 4.9%, primarily due to a high single-digit gain in sales to OEM dealerships and a mid single-digit gain in sales of diagnostics and repair information products. Gross profit totaled $114.9 million in the quarter. The gross margin of 46.7% decreased 110 basis points from 47.8% last year, primarily due to a shift in sales mix that included higher volumes of lower gross margin products, including the higher sales of essential tool and facilitation products to OEM dealerships and sales from the Challenger acquisition. These gross margin decreases were partially offset by continued savings from ongoing RCI initiatives. Operating expenses totaled $58.2 million in the quarter, and the operating expense margin of 23.7% improved 110 basis points from 2012 levels, primarily due to contributions from sales volume leverage including the effects from the sales mix shift discussed above and savings from ongoing RCI initiatives. Second quarter operating earnings of $56.7 million for the RS&I group increased $4.5 million from prior year levels, and the operating margin was 23% in both the second quarters of 2013 and 2012. Now turning to Slide 10. In the second quarter, earnings from Financial Services increased $5 million or 19.5%, and originations of $203.1 million rose 15.7% year-over-year. Revenues in the quarter increased $4.6 million, primarily due to continued growth of the on-book finance portfolio and higher average yields. The average yield on finance receivables of 17.4% in the quarter increased 30 basis points from 17.1% last year, and average yield on contract receivables of 9.6% in the quarter increased 20 basis points from 2012 levels. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter end balance sheet includes approximately $1.15 billion of gross financing receivables, including $976 million from our U.S. Snap-on Credit operation and $169 million from our international finance subsidiaries. In the U.S., $785 million or 80% of the financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. Year-to-date, our worldwide on-book financing portfolio grew approximately $61 million. For the 2013 full year, we anticipate that the gross on-book finance portfolio will increase by approximately $100 million over 2012 year-end levels. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. I'll also note that the CIT-owned portfolio, which continues to be managed by Snap-on Credit, is down to $35 million with the extended credit portion at $5 million. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operations of $110.1 million in the quarter increased $18.4 million from $91.7 million last year. This quarter we made cash contributions of $10.4 million to our U.S. pension plans, including $10 million of discretionary contributions. Also in the quarter, in investing activities, cash of $52.5 million was used to support a net increase in finance receivables. Capital expenditures of $16.7 million in the quarter compared with capital expenditures of $18 million last year. For the full year, we continue to expect that capital expenditures will be in the range of $70 million to $80 million. Turning to Slide 13. Days sales outstanding for trade receivables of 61 days was unchanged from 2012 year-end levels. Excluding the impact of currency, inventories increased $25 million, including inventories from the Challenger acquisition. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.8x compared with 3.9x at year end. Our quarter end cash position of $174.7 million reflects the year-to-date net funding of $74.4 million of finance receivables, share repurchases of $62.1 million, dividend payments of $44.4 million and the acquisition of Challenger for $38.2 million, as well as capital expenditures of $31.4 million. These uses of cash were largely offset by cash generated from operations, including higher levels of net income. Our net debt-to-capital ratio of 29.9% compares to 29.7% at 2012 year end. In addition to our $175 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, and our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper markets should we choose to do so. At quarter end, no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities. This concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance. I'll now turn the call over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Our second quarter was encouraging. The Tools Group growing and getting stronger, franchisee health metrics trending positive, new products creating excitement across our customer base, volume up 7%, profits continuing their rise to 15.7%. C&I, challenged by ongoing headwinds but offsetting the impact of the volume decrease with strong operating performance. Sales were down but profits were up, with an OI margin at 12.6%. And RS&I, expanding with repair shop owners and managers, independent and OEM dealerships, maintaining encouraging levels of profitability, organic growth at 4.9% and profits at 23%, a coherent acquisition focused on repair shop owners and managers, brought onboard with positive effects. Overall, we believe the quarter's performance offers abundant evidence that the Snap-on future is playing out growth and improvement. And we believe we'll continue to advance along those 2 broad runways as we move forward throughout the year and into 2014. Before I close, I recognize that the encouraging results of the second quarter would not have been possible without our extraordinary franchisees and associates. Once again, I know many of you are listening to this call, so for the success and progress you've achieved, you have my congratulations. And for your contribution, commitment and support, you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from David Leiker from Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Another continued progress here towards your goal ultimately, you're doing a great job. A couple of things here. As we look at C&I business, can you give us any color on the sequential performance there? I mean I understand the year-over-year, but are you seeing things stabilize when you look at it relative to Q1? Or are we still declining?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, I think, you're looking at similar -- I think we would characterize it as not congruent but similar to Q1. I think I said in Q1 that the military would -- military still down big time, but it's operating on a somewhat lower base and that's the primary difference between the 6%. I think it was down 6.3% year-over-year in the first quarter. It's down, what, 5.4% in this quarter. That's the major player. You got some goes ins and goes outs in terms of, okay, from critical industries, one critical industry is up in the first quarter, and the stars are maybe mining in the second quarter, things like that. You got those things up and down. And then in Asia/Pacific, in the emerging markets you got, including Eastern Europe, you got some ups and downs in markets, but pretty much the same stuff. We are seeing another constant, though. A positive constant is that the effects of Snap-on value creation, I think, are working pretty well. And I think sequentially, the sales aren't much different but the profitability is higher. So that's looking pretty good. Whether we look at it sequentially or year-over-year, you can see the effects of Snap-on value creation working through, and you can see it actually, very dramatically in Europe, where the sales are down again high single-digits and the profits are up. So sort of a similar quarter for us.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And that well, too, for European tool business as well, that that is stabilizing here sequentially?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I'd say it's not decelerating downwards, yes, right, like it has been for a while. It's sort of stabilizing. We're not seeing worse news. I think that's a fair statement, yes.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then as we look at the tool business and you've had some great initiatives here over the last several years that drive productivity and sell more products to the van channel, it sounds like your starting to take that into your international market. Can you talk where you are in the timeline of that and whether we could see a similar response in those international markets that we've seen in the U.S. markets in recent years?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It's very early days in that regard, so -- because the international markets are -- the vans are -- even though we kind of say the vans -- we talk about them as vans, the vans in England are slightly different than the vans in Australia, that are slightly different than the vans in U.S. So we're very early days in that. So I think you just got to stay tuned in that regard. Our van -- we're still building the marketing efforts. You can see, written on the face of the Tools Group financials, we're still spending more on marketing. For example, I think we've got, what is it, 42 Rock N' Roll vans now and that's up, and we're going to like 51 by the end of the third quarter. And we've got a new van called the techno-van [ph] . This is a -- remember that Rock N' Roll Cab Express was focused on tool storage so that it could kind of aid selling and tool storage where we have these new vans, 4 of them on the road now, which talk about diagnostics. Particularly the big-ticket diagnostics. You get on this thing, it's got flat screens all over the place. It allows the customer to kind of -- the shop owner or the technician to kind of work the thing on a big 16 by 9 screen so it's dramatic for them, and shows them all the features of the diagnostics. It's working pretty well for us. We have 4 of them now, we're going to, I think, about 10 by the end of the third quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Great quarter, Nick.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thank you. It's a -- I think this is a -- the OI margin was a high watermark -- the EPS is the high watermark. But you kind of -- when you're moving upwards, you kind of expect to have a high watermark every year. So...
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: A few questions for you, but before I ask my questions, I guess, the first one is just, once upon a time, 15% was kind of the target margin and I'm just wondering if at some point, we'll see a comfortable sort of talking about the next leg of your growth.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, okay, I know. But before we get overheated about the 15%, remember that I kind of said mid-teens, but for like a year. So I kind of think it's more or less a year. And I'll point out to everybody, like I do every second quarter call, that our third quarter has some seasonal issues to -- seasonal -- and I don't want to say issues, but seasonal headwinds in terms of the vacations in Europe, and the van drivers have got to take vacations some time, and they usually do it in the third quarter. So our third quarter is usually, I'm not saying -- I'm not forecasting bad news or anything. I'm just saying it's more imprecise and more capricious than other quarters. And I think if you look over history, it's usually our weaker quarter. So you kind of got to look at it over a full year basis.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. First question, just on the tools business, you talked about the strength in big ticket. That 7% organic growth, is there some way we could sort of bifurcate that between ticket and transaction? What was the growth from the average ticket?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't really want to get into it in that granularity. I'll just tell you that big ticket was substantially, well, bigger than the 7%. It was quite strong. But I don't want to tie myself to that wheel of explaining big ticket and small ticket in every quarter because there's a lot of variation. But I will tell you that we -- and the reason why I don't know if you recall this, but the reason why we focus on big ticket is we learned that it is an indicator of weakness of the economics in the marketplace because during the recession, we saw some really weak numbers in big ticket, people demurred or they decided not to purchase and the fact that we're seeing this makes us feel pretty good about the marketplace.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Can you say what big ticket represents as a percentage of the segment?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I don't know if I have that number actually, but I think you could say like between tool storage and big ticket diagnostics, my ballpark sausage math would say like a quarter, something like that.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Or 25%?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: But -- no, that's helpful, that's helpful.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Of course, that's not [ph] detailed, but I'd say around that number.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: And could you -- last quarter, you talked about sort of the 3-month pattern within the quarter. I wonder if I could get you to just address that again this quarter, how the 3-month pattern played out. Did you see strength at the end of the quarter, that was June...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: 3-month -- well, we always see a little bit of strength at the end of the quarter. I don't know, I've been in business decades and I see this everywhere. And so you always see that kind of thing at the end of the quarter. But I'll tell you, it's what -- I wouldn't say it didn't happen like the first quarter. Remember what I said in the first quarter, I think, that I said the first quarter was dominated by the idea that things were very weak in the first couple of weeks of 2013. I think it had to do with uncertainty around sequestration and the -- what with the Social Security tax increase and the changes in the tax rates, and I think we've found that our customers were afflicted by the bad -- their perceived bad news for breakfast they were seeing every morning, and then we saw a build through the quarter. I'm not sure people thought -- kind of believe me, but I think this played out in the second quarter. Our Tools Group growth was at 3.5% or so on, or 3 and change in the first quarter, but we said it was stronger at the end, and I -- that growth carried on into the second quarter. But I wouldn't say in the second quarter, it was to the same extent as the first quarter. We didn't have some terrible time and then move on toward the end of the quarter.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Sounds like it was more linear. I wanted to ask...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. And I'll remind you that we -- despite the fact we got 7%, we always say that we've grown at 4% to 6% organically in the Tools Group, is towards the bottom of that.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Right. So then on the RCI achievements, can you just talk about how much RCI contributed to the quarter?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I can talk about it in terms of -- I mean, let's not talk about in terms of OI or something like that. But let's say, if you look at our margin improvement, 120 basis points, right, you could say 110 of that is restructuring, sure, but there was the stock plan that cost you 50, 60 basis points. Challenger has a weaker profitability than average, that's a 10 and 40 for market. So you put those kind of negatives together, it's about 100. Between volume and RCI, you got another 110 positives. So I'd say RCI is 80, 90 basis points of positiveness.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Was it fair to say most of that was in Europe?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: A lot of it was in Europe, but I would say that we had good progress in a lot of different places. Our RS&I, which is not -- is only 25% Europe, had good RCI. And Tools Group made some RCI contributions, too, if you peel their results, you'd find it. So I think we saw it everywhere but more in Europe, to a greater degree in Europe.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Last question, though -- if you take the industrials business out of C&I and isolate that, so excluding Europe and excluding Asia and just talking about your critical industries, you obviously had a negative comp, a big negative comp in the military business. It sounds like mining was good. If you view those as a portfolio of businesses it sounds like they were up year-over-year. Can you talk about the extent to which they were up year-over-year, and the extent to which they...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I would just say they were up single digits year-over-year, if you take out the U.S. Military. You saw it, we got good news in mining, the international business, we're finding we're reaching out. The cool thing about that is we're now seeming to be able to project ourselves better in that business even to the international businesses, so we felt okay about that. I just want to clarify one thing, I'm sitting here thinking, what -- your question about big ticket, were you asking the total corporation or Tools Group?
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: I was thinking about Tools Group but any way you care to describe it [ph]...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Okay, I mean, I -- sorry, I gave you the total corporation. The Tools Group is more like 35%, 35% and change, yes, 35% to 40%, or something like that.
Operator: We'll go next to Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: You were talking a lot about new products, that's all good. Are you kind of accelerating some new product introductions as you're growing here? I mean, you always had a goal of 40 new products with $1 million of sales or more. Has that been accelerated?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, it is. We're getting better at it. That's a simple point. I think our customer connection and our innovation, I think you've been to our Innovation Works, you can see where we -- we take customer observation up close to design and it's all part of Snap-on Value Creation Processes, but it didn't take -- Snap-on knew how to develop new products before, of course, and we had the idea of being in the workplace and observing it. But now we've boiled it down to repeatable and reliable processes and we get better at that. So we're getting better at documenting what we see, in other words, determining a sense of the practical, what's needed in the workplace. And then we're adding higher -- I don't want to say high tech because a lot of people have this stuff, but for us higher tech stuff like X-ray refractometers, and electron microscopes, and more use of finite element analysis, so we model in 3D printers, and that stuff. So we're sort of upgrading our engineering capability to more than it's ever been before. I'm not saying it's anything better than anybody else, but upgrading of where we had, and it's coming together for more new products. And I think I said that last year our new products, our hits that were $1 million sellers, were 6x or 7x what they were in 2006. So we're rolling out new products. And then I'll tell you what, this is an important thing because I was just on a van the other day, and I'm up here in Wisconsin, and a guy gets on the van and he says -- this is a guy who has been working for 25 years, the techs working on transmissions and I remember the guy's name, but I won't say it on the phone, is in our auto up here. And he says, jeez, I've got a huge number of ratchets, but look at these new ratchets, they're going to help me and save me a lot of time. So he bought 2 new ratchets, even though we had like 15 or 16 ratchets already. And so that's an important characteristic of our growth scenario, is that cars keep changing. And the faster we can bring out new cars guided by customer connection -- new products, new tools guided by customer connection, the better we grow, the more share we take. That was a good example of it the other day, and we're doing more of that.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Good. Good to hear. And then can you maybe just talk about Europe in terms of -- you had always said the Southern tier was weak, the Northern tier was holding its own. Are you seeing the Northern tier kind of slip here, talking about France, Germany? Lower [ph] countries?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, France. I don't like to hear the word France, makes me -- gives me headache now these days. It wasn't so good last quarter. So France, yes, you're right. I mean, I think -- I don't want to overplay Southern Europe. I mean, Southern Europe is getting so small for us. It's getting a lesser and lesser factor, but Southern Europe was down but the core Europe, France, was down pretty -- was week this quarter. Benelux was weak. Germany was a little better, the U.K. was better, Sweden was weaker. In general, you're right. If you talk about year-over-year comparison, South got a little better, the core got a little worse, the periphery was good. So like I said, we feel good about Europe because -- about our SNA Europe business because one, we're not taking capacity down yet we're finding RCI improvements. We're finding productivity improvements so we have higher profitability on lower sales; and two, we haven't dismantled the value-creating nature of the business because anybody who has money that is in the periphery, places like Russia and Northern Africa and so on, and the Middle East, they're buying. So that's an endorsement that what's happening in Europe was still pretty strong, they're just waiting for the markets to come back.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: So the last question would be in terms of the emerging markets. You'd always said that that was 5% to 10% of sales. I would assume that that's trending closer to the 10%? Or has it exceeded that?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It's over 10% now. It's over -- it's just over -- it's a slice over 10%. Of course, you realize our numbers aren't that precise and so on and all these, but it's over 10%. So we're moving upwards.
Operator: We'll go next to Liam Burke with Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Nick, you talked about the profitability step-up in the C&I segment in Europe. Looking at the critical industries business without Europe, do you still see a gross margin step-up as well in the rest of the segment?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, you see productivity improvements, of course. We spend in that segment to try to extend into Europe, for example. The idea, I think in my remarks, I talked about international aviation business as you know. And so if you just strip back the core business, you'll like the profitability of it. On the other hand, we have, like in the Tools Group, we have an overlay of spending to talk about penetration, but still I like the profitability of the business.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And you made the Challenger acquisition this quarter. Is the pipeline continuing to be healthy there on the acquisition front?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Sure. Yes. I mean, I think it's -- the Challenger is a great poster child for the type acquisition we'd make, not necessarily the size, although it's not a bad -- we like that size, but it doesn't mean we wouldn't do bigger, but it's right down our wheelhouse, we think, about giving us more to sell to one of our key customer bases. So we have a series of acquisitions that we keep looking at and Challenger was, I guess, the first one we've done in a while after the, I guess, credit company. I like to say the credit company being an acquisition, given that it was $800 million or so. And yes, we have a pipeline. We continue to work on it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adam Brooks with Sidoti & Company.
Adam Brooks - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just a few quick questions here. Given your performance in C&I in the last few quarters, do you have a more optimistic view on the long-term margin? Can we get to that mid-teen range just within the segment, or has nothing really changed and this is kind of what you've been expecting?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I'm not quite sure. Let me try to answer what I think you asked me. I see this as a mature, a mid-teens -- I think I've always said, how I've done this, I've said, look we're going to the mid-teens, the components of that will be the RS&I group up around the 20s, the Tools Group kind of around the mid-group and C&I hanging around a little bit below that, but not -- but approaching mid-teens, and I have full confidence that that's the case. I mean, C&I, we're kind of happy about the C&I quarter. The 12.6% is pretty strong if you look at historical performance of C&I, and yet it's taken all these hits from the headwinds. I mean, that's headwinds city for us. You got Europe. You've got the military. It's a tougher place to be these days but they perform pretty well. So I see them moving on up. I'm not saying next quarter or something like that, but I just think the opportunities are very clear and we're confident in those businesses.
Adam Brooks - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, and then maybe just a little bit on Challenger now that you have it under your belt just for a few months, maybe some color on any opportunities that you see now, anything that's gotten you a little bit more excited.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, I think, funny, when you acquire somebody, all of a sudden when you're touring these garages, you start noticing the names on the list more, and I was just, like I said, I was on a truck the other day, and it seemed like every garage had Challenger Lifts and I know that's not the case. They're not the largest lift manufacturer. So I think, one, talking to technicians, I found that it has a -- it reinforced my idea of great reputation. That's one thing. Secondly, we have opportunities to roll that business out into international. It's not an international business now, but we have equipment selling in international markets in Europe and in particularly Asia, so we're very excited about the opportunity to take that product portfolio and spread it into those places. And it's pretty important about emerging markets because you see, emerging markets they're building new brick and mortar all the time around auto repair garages, and the first thing that gets thought of when you're putting brick-and-mortar in your automotive repair garages is the lift. So if you have a strong line up there, it gives you a leg up in selling. We like that. So we're pretty excited about it.
Adam Brooks - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And do you think now, being under the Snap-on umbrella, you can bring the margins up on that business? Or are they where you think they're going to be?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I mean, I hope we can bring the margins up. I think we -- that's why we have Snap-on value creation. We think Snap-on value creation is safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and Rapid Continuous Improvement, imprinted on any operation makes it better. So one of the things we've always said about our, I think, have said about our acquisition strategy, is we acquire somebody coherent, so we get the synergies around sort of strategic alignment. It helps us with our customer base. But that doesn't diminish the idea that we have opportunities to make almost any operation better. We're confident of that.
Operator: We'll go next to Richard Hilgert with Morningstar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Over in Europe, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about, since that market is down as much as it is, what's your experience with the franchisees over there? How do you motivate the group? Are you seeing many of them fold up? And also curious about, are you seeing many of the independent mechanic shops closing up, too?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Okay. Let's talk about this. Europe is a little bit bifurcated. Let me kind of give you the landscape, remind you of the landscape a little bit. The franchisees, overwhelmingly in Europe, are concentrated in England because our van business mostly works where technicians own their own tools. So the places -- the place in Europe where they own their own tools is the U.K. That business has not been as affected by the downturn. It's had its weak moments but it isn't as -- it didn't have as much problems as the other businesses. And so, therefore -- having said that, though, we have worked very hard to make sure that our franchisee population stays the same. So the franchisee, we haven't seen any huge downturn in the franchisees in the U.K. And so that's maintained robust. We have some vans in places like Germany and Netherlands, but they're not really that weak -- they're not really that big. Most of the business in Europe is the direct and distributor business which we sell through SNA Europe and our other divisions, not the Tools Group division. And you remember that C&I is 33% Europe, RS&I is 25% Europe. They're way above the Tools Group. And so those businesses have been impacted. But they're broader-based and not just -- C&I is the -- the C&I business is another -- is an industry and culture and a lot of other different things. Now what we've noticed is, in Europe, that our customers we sell to distributors, our customers have not gone away. So it appears to us that the base, the customer base, is still intact. So the long and short of this is, I guess the long and short of my answer, is that we don't see any deterioration in the opportunity in Europe. We see the customer base still there. We believe the morale of our people are still pretty high because there's nothing like seeing your sales down and your profits up. You feel pretty good about it, so they feel strong. And because we believe in the opportunities going forward, it's why through all this restructuring, through all the RCIs, through all the restructuring we did in Europe, we didn't take out any capacity. That's one thing we demanded in terms of the restructuring plan. We demanded that no capacity go out. We reduced based on being able to do the same with more during this period. So I hope that answers your question.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. U.K., new car sales are actually up there versus the rest of the Europe which has been down most of the year. So I would imagine that you're still seeing fairly good business in the U.K. then?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. The U.K -- look, the Tools Group was up, I think, about the same internationally as it was in the U.S. But the U.K. might have been at the, like at the lower end of that, but still up pretty good, like 4%, 5%, something like that. So still, I think, good.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right. On the CapEx, you've been running -- the run rates have been pretty low compared to what the full year expectation is. It's been 1.8%, 1.9% for the first and second quarters, percent of revenue, and your full year run rate is -- the $70 million, $80 million comes out to something like maybe 2.3% to 2.6% of revenue. We're going to see the third quarter and the fourth quarter being high 2%, low 3% spend?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I suppose. Look, I don't actually think of it that way. I kind of think that we're thinking about -- we have, what, 31.5% or so year-to-date. So okay, I think we still like a 70 to 80 number. There's a lot of variation from quarter to quarter on these things. And I still think the 70 number -- 70 to 80 is a decent number to forecast. So if that means going up in the second half, yes [ph] .
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Is there anything in particular in the second half of the year in terms of capital spending, any one big project or something that's ramping up?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. I don't think...
Aldo J. Pagliari: It's fairly broad-based. We have investments both in the U.S. and the international arena earmarked for the second half. It's pretty broad-based.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Yes, and then one last question. A large part of your success is your ability to bring out new product and be in tune with what the market needs, having new technologies or having new tools that meet a certain criteria that the market wants. And I was curious to know, do you have any kind of information or analysis on, say, the percentage of your product portfolio that is new over a certain time frame?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I do not. I think, look, everybody has a different view of this. But for me, I don't like -- I'm not a big fan of that metric. The metric we like is, and now I'll tell you why we like it, is a tool that sells $1 million in the first year. And the reason is because when you ride these vans, what you see is a new tool, the guys get on the van and get excited. And okay, they buy the new tool but then they buy a whole bunch of other stuff, too. So it drags other products with it. So for us it's a matter of not how many new products there are, but how many exciting new products or how many products make the hit parade. That's what I was talking to Gary Prestopino before, and so that's what we measure. And as I said, the number of new products last year that sold over $1 million in the first year, and we're pretty strict about this, was up 6x to 7x from 2006. So our innovation process and our customer connection process are improving. It's our life blood. Because if you think about this, we guarantee a lot of our tools for life, so how is it we have a business? And the reason is is because the guy needs, instead of 16 ratchets, he needs 18, because the cars change. That's the biggest driver in our business and that fits in with this innovation. And so, we seem to be doing better on that. So the metric I like to offer is, tools over $1 million, and that was over 50 last year.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Over 50 last year?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, over 50, you got it [ph].
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: In 2012? Okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: 2012, yes.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sarah Hunt with Alpine.
Sarah Hunt - Alpine Woods Capital Investors, LLC: Quick -- a couple quick questions for you. One, you mentioned that you were doing fairly well with auto OE repair shops. So are you taking share from somebody? Or is that market just getting better?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think you would have to say some of both. We'd like to think we're taking share. It's hard -- Sarah, it's hard to assess share in this space because we're basically 65,000 SKUs. Okay, if you add 3,000 more, is that taking share? I don't know. You see what I mean? And so, I think we do believe, though, our sales are getting better in these shops, we're selling more to each individual shops, the franchisees and the individual sales. Franchisees are selling more, the individual salesmen are selling more. So we believe we're taking some share.
Sarah Hunt - Alpine Woods Capital Investors, LLC: Okay. And then the next question is on interest rates. So we've seen a lot of movement in the last 4 weeks or so, based on various interpretations of what the Fed is going to do. For your own financing piece of the business, how rapidly do you need to or have to adjust as interest rates change? Or how are you looking at that now that you've got the finance portfolio as internal?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Sarah, this is Aldo. I think that actually we have a little bit of a headroom, I believe, in the interest rate arena. And the reason I say that is our finance receivables and contract receivables tend to be of relatively high interest rates in the market, reflective of the credit profile of the customers that we serve. And our philosophy is we finance the credit company long. And what I mean by that, if you look at our pro forma statements that are attached to the earnings release, we use the Snap-on average all in debt expense rate and that's at about 5.6% more or less at the end of June. So we don't use floating rate debt to really finance the receivable portfolio. And if today, if we had issued 10-year paper as an example, I'm guessing the rate would be about 3.6-ish, somewhere around that neighborhood. So you'd see, we still have 200 basis points of headroom before I think that our cost of funds would start to impact squeezing the spread of what we charge customers and what we pay.
Sarah Hunt - Alpine Woods Capital Investors, LLC: Okay, and that would really be a temporary, I'm guessing sort of a temporary issue, if rates are going up. I mean, unless they're steadily going up and you're chasing it, I would think that you're probably -- that, that would -- as rates go up, that gets reflected on what you charge folks. Is it not?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Sure, it would be. I think it would be a little bit of a lag effect because in some situations that we do charge rates that are sometimes the highest rates allowed by law depending on the circumstances and the profile of the customer, and those laws change probably on a lag basis, I'm going to guess, versus the open free-market rates.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: So this is Leslie Kratcoski. I'd just like to thank everyone for joining us today on the call and, as always, for your interest in Snap-on. A replay of this will be available shortly on snapon.com. Thanks a lot, and have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Vice President of Investor Relations Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Aldo J. Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2013 First Quarter Results Call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski, VP Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Mary, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's first quarter 2013 results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs; or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections, are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everyone. As usual, I'll start out by providing my perspective on the results, on our various markets and on the highlights of the quarter. Then I'll turn the call over to Aldo for a detailed review of the financials. The results and the trends of our first quarter remained much the same as we've seen in the past few periods. We once again had solid profit gains on a sales increase that came in the face of some continuing headwinds. Our EPS in the quarter of $1.40 was up nearly 16% from last year's $1.21. Our opco operating margin was 14.5%, an increase of 120 basis points. And our operating earnings -- and operating earnings from Financial Services was $30.5 million, up $23.9 million in -- up from the $23.9 million in 2012. On a consolidated basis, the overall operating margin was 17.6%. That compares to 15.7% in last year's first quarter. Now we believe that these increased profits clearly demonstrate the benefit being driven by our Snap-on value-creation processes, the set of principles and tools we apply every day to drive improvement, with a focus on safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement, or RCI, as we call it. They help us move down our runways for improvement, and they are driving results. Related to the sale -- related to sales, we're up in the quarter by 1.5% organically before a negative impact from foreign currency of, I guess, 60 basis points. There are, of course, always differences from period to period. But from my perspective, the big picture is similar to the last quarter. We're seeing reasonable growth in our businesses serving the Automotive Repair sector, in the Tools Group, in the Repair Systems & Information group -- or Repair Systems & Information, or the RS&I group. At the same time, there's an offset to the -- to these generally favorable conditions in those businesses due to the dual headwinds that are concentrated in Commercial & Industrial, or the C&I group. Those headwinds, restricted military spending and the overall turbulence in Europe were the principal factors in the C&I sales decline. Importantly, our balanced approach to driving advancement in those areas that we've identified as being decisive to our future overcame the headwinds and challenges. Our focus on expanding into critical industries, building in emerging markets, enhancing the franchise channel and expanding in the garage has authored ongoing year-over-year gains for the past few years despite some challenging macros. The varied opportunities -- available thoughts along those declined run rates create our ability to offset the continuing headwinds. And in this quarter, we saw particular strength in the critical industries of natural resources and aerospace, continued gains with diagnostics and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers, and a strong uptick in activity with automotive OEM dealerships, especially related to essential diagnostics. Now let's go on to some discussion of the segments. As I mentioned, the C&I group is where we see the largest impact from the headwinds of military spending in Europe. Similar to last quarter, those main headwinds resulted in an organic sales decrease of 6.3%. One of the highlights in the quarter, however, was the 11.5% operating margin for the group. That represents increase of 130 basis points, more than overcoming the impact from the volume shortfall, with operating improvements driven by Snap-on value creation. Speaking to that improved profit margin, our European hand tool business, SNA Europe, was a significant contributor. Over the past few years, we've dedicated a fair amount of restructuring to that operation, and those investments, along with some strong RCI activity, are paying off. SNA Europe actually raised its profits year-over-year despite high-single-digit sales -- despite the high-single-digit sales decline that was similar to last quarter. Clearly, the overall environment in Europe remains challenged. So the rise in profitability was a big help and represents great progress. Our Industrial business was -- which was once again impacted by the military contractions, saw gains in other critical industries like aviation and natural resources. Based on the domestic growth in oil and gas industry, you might imagine, we have significant potential in serving those customers. And we did see progress in that segment. We've expanded our large tool offering and developed new special tool applications, including tethered tools for use at height. And we recently kicked off a new program to call on key customers out in the oil and gas field, with large specialized trucks loaded with an array of tools specifically for those unique oil and gas applications. We're also working together with fuel service operations to outfit their maintenance trucks with the unique tool kits that match the requirements at these large sites. One more point on our efforts in oil and gas, it's a global opportunity. You can see that with some of the significant wins we had in the quarter outside the U.S., in places like Latin America and North Africa. See, overall, we can see our efforts in natural resources coming together, building traction in that important industry. We also saw a gain in the critical aviation and aerospace sector. Hereto, we have uniquely designed vans, mobile aviation technology labs calling on customers, touring the country, visiting sites, providing hands-on demonstration of our product line for those special applications, from tool control units and software, to power tools, to hand tools and specialty toolkits. Whether we access those customers with these mobile labs or with stores in MRO facilities, or with product catalogs integrated within the customer's individual purchasing systems, we are serving those customers more frequently and more effectively. And it's all driving the progress and the progress you can see in this critical sector -- in that critical sector. Finally, in C&I, I'll speak about Asia/Pacific. It was a mixed period. We were up in China across all our product lines, and in India. Elsewhere, activity was off, and we didn't get the overall increase we've normally seen across the region. But what we know and what we are confident in is that we are building both the physicals and position in the emerging markets of Asia. I've said it many times, the presence in the physicals, that's what's most important in this region. I mentioned last time, we opened a fourth plant at the Kunshan complex. This one's dedicated to under-car equipment. With those new capabilities, we're launching new lifts, both mid-tier scissors models that serve the OEM and higher-end shops across Asian markets, and lower cost two-post products that are important in the emerging markets for the developing independent repair shop segment. I was just in Asia last week and I saw some of the early production at that new factory, and the product looks great. Across Asia, we've been establishing our position with a product line at the super-premium level, growing at top-end shops. Now, as we expand with added physicals, we're able to broaden that offering to serve independent garages and larger chains with mid-tier tire changes, wheel balancers and our handheld diagnostics units, which continue, by the way, to add content and vehicle coverage. As you know, we have a state-of-the-art engineering center in Kunshan, and that team is growing, becoming better able to help localize under-car and diagnostics products. We have more local talent supporting growth in the region, with a focus on new products developed specifically for those markets. Now on to the Tools Group. Sales were up 3.7% with a 14.4% operating margin, about 20 basis points below last year, but a strong absolute level. The growth wasn't as robust as we've seen in recent periods, but it's not a surprise that the pace didn't continue. Importantly, we don't believe there's been any significant change in the overall market. Now there were a number of factors early in the period, including the lingering impact from superstorm Sandy, and perhaps some pause as the tax increases were digested at the beginning of the year. But the year-over-year comparison got better each month of the quarter, so the trends are good. The strength of our van channel is evident in the numbers and in the trends. Our franchisee health metrics continue to be favorable. The progress of our franchisee opportunity recently -- and the progress of our franchise opportunity recently received additional validation when the Franchise Business Review ranking was announced by the International Franchise Association. Snap-on was listed among the top large networks, improving our ranking again this year. The importance of this recognition is that it's based solely on franchisee satisfaction and independent survey in areas like training, support, operations and financial opportunity. We believe it's convincing testimony to the growing strength of the network. New and innovative products have been one of the keys to our progress in the Tools Group. In one recent example, we launched the FLL80 ratchet to build upon the success of our innovative extended reach line. This 3/8-inch drive ratchet has a total length of 17.5 inches. It includes the strength of our Dual 80 technology. It connects with our technicians customers for making their work easier as they face ever-growing challenges related to tighter spaces and to shrinking accessibility. That new ratchet is long. It's the longest in the industry, and it delivers superior strength and durability. It delivers the superior strength and durability always expected from Snap-on. Our great new products aren't restricted to hand tools. Just this past quarter, we took our award-winning VERUS PRO handheld unit to the U.K. It was a success in the United States, and that momentum has continued internationally where that diagnostic unit has been extremely well received. So franchisee help, survey gains, innovative new product. We believe they're all testimony to the progress that's being made in enhancing the van network, one of our strategic, decisive runways. I move now to the RS&I group. Sales in the quarter were up organically 9.3%, and the operating margin of 23% expanded by 150 basis points. Throughout last year, we spoke about the growth of our repair information and diagnostics products with independent repair shop owners and managers. That happened again this quarter. But this quarter, the overall growth rate also got a real boost by increased activity in essential diagnostic tools for OEM dealerships. For independent shops, the growth is being led by new handhelds, better and easier to use. And by Repair Information Products, helping technicians fix the car faster. One of these is the new VERUS PRO full-function unit which I just mentioned. It's just received more recognition, the Best New Product Award as voted by the -- by Automotive Service Professionals at the recent Vision Hi-Tech Training and Expo, an event which is attended by nearly 3,500 industry participants. We're building our presence in the garage, but not just at the high end or just in automotive diagnostics. This quarter, we launched with great reception our new entry-level handheld diagnostic unit, the Blue-Point MICROSCAN 3. It's an upgrade from the previous versions, and it includes a larger screen and touch capability for added efficiency. With its basic onboard scanning function, it's another great entree product, helping to make new technicians become Snap-on customers for life. And outside automotive, in heavy duty, our Pro-Link iQ Diagnostic Unit has been upgraded. Additional repair data parameters and engine test functions with expanded coverage of engines, transmissions and breaks, all while serving an ever-growing number of models and units. Outside of the independent automotive space, our Snap-on Business Solutions and equipment solutions businesses, which serve OEM dealerships, are also expanding Snap-on's presence in the garage. Just this quarter, we added a new electronic parts catalog -- we added new electronic parts catalog customers in adjacent sectors, industries like motorcycles and power sports. And this goes along with the increased essential diagnostic programs for automotive OEM dealerships that I already mentioned. When we brought together the various businesses that now comprise RS&I several years ago, we believed we could leverage their capabilities to better serve repair shop owners and managers. And progress along that runway is evident in our results. Well that's the segments. I'll conclude by sharing one final highlight. Every year in the first quarter, we hold an RCI competition that brings together teams from across the corporation to share best practices and successes in moving down our runway for improvement. In February, we had 34 teams present their story. The day always concludes with dinners -- with a dinner where awards are presented with much excitement. It's quite competitive. And this year, the champion was a team from our Kunshan facility, Kunshan, China. We believe the enthusiasm of that event, and it was evident. And the fact that a team from China was the winner is a great indicator of the depth and the reach of RCI and Snap-on. It's the foundation of our ongoing improvement, and it is strong. Well, that's our first quarter. Continuing headwinds offset by gains in important areas, diagnostics and information for repair shop owners and managers, essential tools for vehicle OEMs and dealerships and extensions in aerospace and natural resources. When paired with Snap-on value creation, the sum of it all is that opco OI is up 120 basis points, a significant and encouraging performance. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our first quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $741.7 million in the quarter increased 1.5% organically. Higher sales to OEM dealerships, increased sales of diagnostics and repair information products and continued higher sales of the Snap-on Tools Group more than offset lower sales to the military and ongoing weakness in Europe. Consolidated gross profit of $356.9 million increased $9.2 million from 2012 levels, and gross margin of 48.1% improved 80 basis points, largely due to savings from ongoing rapid continuous improvement, or RCI initiatives. Operating expenses of $249.1 million decreased $1.1 million, and the operating expense margin of 33.6% improved 40 basis points from 2012 levels. Total restructuring cost of $2.9 million in the quarter compared with $4 million last year. Operating earnings before Financial Services of $107.8 million increased 10.6% and, as a percentage of sales, improved 120 basis points from 13.3% last year to 14.5% this year. Operating earnings from Financial Services of $30.5 million increased $6.6 million, or 27.6% over prior-year levels. Consolidated operating earnings of $138.3 million increased 13.9% over 2012 levels, and the operating margin of 17.6% improved 190 basis points from 15.7% a year ago. Our first quarter effective income tax rate was 31.9%. We continue to expect that our full year 2013 effective tax rate will be comparable to our 2012 full year rate of 32.8%, but this quarter's rate benefited from the retroactive extension of the federal research tax credit and certain other business tax provisions included in the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which you'll recall was signed into law on January 2 of this year. Finally, net earnings in the quarter of $82.8 million, or $1.40 per diluted share, compared to net earnings of $71 million, or $1.21 per share last year, representing a 15.7% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with Commercial & Industrial, or C&I group on Slide 7, sales of $266.4 million were down 6.3% organically from 2012 levels. The decrease was primarily due to double-digit decline in sales to the military and a high-single-digit sales decline in our European-based hand tools business as a result of ongoing market weakness in that region. Gross profit in the C&I group totaled $99 million in the quarter, and gross margin of 37.2% improved 160 basis points, primarily due to the savings from ongoing RCI initiatives, particularly in Europe, partially offset by $2 million of higher restructuring costs. Operating expenses of $68.4 million in the quarter declined $4.4 million from 2012 levels. The operating expense margin of 25.7% increased 30 basis points from 25.4% last year, primarily due to the lower sales. This was partially offset by $3.4 million of lower restructuring costs. As a result of these factors, first quarter operating earnings of $30.6 million for the C&I segment increased $1.4 million from 2012 levels, and the operating margin of 11.5% improved 130 basis points from 10.2% last year. Turning now to Slide 8. First quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $327.3 million increased 3.7% organically, reflecting increases across both U.S. and international franchise operations. Gross profit of $143.9 million increased $4.9 million from 2012 levels, and the gross margin of 44% compared with 43.9% last year. Operating expenses totaled $96.7 million in the quarter, and the operating expense margin of 29.6% increased 30 basis points from 29.3% last year. Operating earnings of $47.2 million for the Snap-on Tools Group increased $1.1 million, and the operating margin of 14.4% compared with 14.6% last year. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information, or RS&I group, shown on Slide 9. Sales of $246.1 million increased 9.3% organically, primarily due to a double-digit gain in the sales to OEM dealerships and a mid-single-digits gain in sales of diagnostics and repair information products. Gross profit totaled $114 million in the quarter. Gross margin of 46.3% decreased 90 basis points from 47.2% last year, primarily due to a shift in the sales mix that included higher volumes of lower gross margin essential tool and facilitation products to OEM dealerships, partially offset by savings from ongoing RCI initiatives. Operating expenses totaled $57.5 million, and the operating expense margin of 23.3% improved 240 basis points from 2012 levels. Again, primarily due to contribution from sales volume leverage, including benefits from the shift in sales mix, as well as savings from ongoing RCI initiatives. First quarter operating earnings of $56.5 million for the RS&I Group increased 16.3%, and the operating margin of 23% improved 150 basis points from 21.5% last year. Now turning to Slide 10. First quarter earnings from Financial Services increased $6.6 million, or 27.6%. Originations of $171.9 million in the quarter rose 10% year-over-year. Moving to Slide 11, our quarter-end balance sheet includes $1.1 billion of gross financing receivables including $932 million from our U.S. Snap-on credit operation and $169 million from our international finance subsidiaries. In the U.S., $745 million, or 80% of the financing portfolio, relates to extended credit loans to technicians. Excluding $5.7 million of unfavorable currency impacts, our worldwide on-book financing portfolio grew approximately $23 million in the quarter. For the 2013 full year, we continue to anticipate that the gross on-book finance portfolio will increase by approximately $80 million to $90 million over 2012 year-end levels. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operations of $75.7 million in the quarter increased $10.7 million from $65 million last year, reflecting higher levels of net earnings as well as net changes in operating assets and liabilities. This quarter, we made cash contributions of $5.3 million to our U.S. pension plans, including $5 million of discretionary contributions. Capital expenditures of $14.7 million in the quarter compared with capital expenditures of $21.8 million last year. For the full year, we continue to expect that capital expenditures will be in the range of $70 million to $80 million. Turning to Slide 13, days sales outstanding for trade receivables of 61 days compared to 61 days as of 2012 year-end. Inventories increased $3.1 million organically from 2012 year-end levels. And on a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.9x were unchanged from 2012 year-end levels. Our quarter-end cash position of $213.6 million, reflects the funding of $144.4 million of new finance receivables, dividend payments of $22.1 million, share repurchases of $21.7 million in the quarter and capital expenditures of $14.7 million. These uses of cash were largely offset by cash generated from operations, including higher levels of net income and $122.5 million of cash from collections of finance receivables. Our net-debt-to-cap ratio of 29.5% compares to 29.7% at 2012 year-end. In addition to our $214 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, and our current short-term credit rating allows us to access the commercial paper markets should we choose to do so. At quarter end, no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities. This concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. I'll now turn the call over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Let me just summarize my perspectives on the quarter. We had the headwinds in Europe and the military. We had gains in vehicle repair and critical industries, which more than offset the continuing challenges. But what I view as most significant is that we believe we've strengthened our position along our decisive runways, enhancing the van channel. The network is stronger, and you clearly get that impression when you meet with the franchisees. And franchisee turnover was down again. Expanding with vehicle repair shop owners and managers, our diagnostics and information products have never been more powerful or better received. Extending to critical industries, you can see our connections with aerospace and natural resources customers growing. And building in emerging markets, our fourth factory in Kunshan is coming to light, and our Asian engineering center is growing in effectiveness. Our strength increased in each of these decisive areas, and we believe it's that progress which is most important and ensures our continued advancement. This quarter also clearly demonstrated gains along our runway for improvement, progress propelled by the Snap-on value-creation processes. They have become part of our corporate everyday culture, and you can see it in the numbers, Opco operating margin of 14.5%, up 120 basis points; and EPS of $1.40, rising despite the challenges. We believe that the energy of Snap-on value creation and the strengthening of our positions in the 4 areas of strategic importance will enable our team to continue on its encouraging trend, as we move through 2013 and beyond. Now finally, before I conclude, it's appropriate that I recognize Snap-on franchisees and associates. As usual, I know many of you are listening. Your enthusiasm, your capability and your dedication made our first quarter possible. For your extraordinary contribution to our performance, you have my congratulations. And for your continuing commitment to your team, you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to Mary for questions. Mary?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: How much forward visibility do you have on this military order book? And you'd indicated it was down double-digits. So I'm just wondering if that's kind of the pace that's expected over the balance of the year?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. But what happens is, is that the base shrinks. I think I said in the fourth quarter -- we don't have the greatest visibility. We know that the military isn't the most robust of businesses. Whether we have visibility or not, it's kind of -- you read any paper or anything like that, you see both sequestration causing uncertainty around the Department of Defense, and you see the fact that troops are coming home. The difference there is, David, is that -- and I think I did say this in the fourth -- in the last conference call, the fourth quarter is our biggest quarter, the first quarter is our next highest, and then it reduces as we go to the second and third quarter. And then the second and third quarter last year, as the world progressed, we were already seeing some sort of contraction. So contractions are liable to be big. In fact, they were a little bit bigger in the first quarter than it was on a percentage basis than the fourth quarter, but the base is smaller. So we would expect the impact to somewhat reduce -- attenuate I would say.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: So is the -- so you're still expecting to be down maybe double-digits, but it becomes a less consequential part of the business, is what you're saying?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Correct. And I've sized this for people. People have asked how big it is, and the -- well, we don't give guidance by segments. Or what we've said is, is that the -- it's part of the industrial business, the critical industries, which is roughly, give or take, $400 million, a little bit over $400 million business. And we've identified 5, 6 segments in that business, the critical segments in that business, and this is one of the bigger ones. So you can kind of chop them up into 5 or 6 pieces and say okay, this is one of the bigger ones, and calendarize it like I said, fourth biggest; first, next biggest; and then second and third. That kind of gives you some directional guidance, and that's what I see coming on. We don't have the greatest visibility. And any -- much of our business is in terms of backlog. So...
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: On the RS&I business, I guess it sounds like the facilitation business has come back a little bit, and that was the source of the pressure on the gross margin in that segment? Is the facilitation business back in somewhat of a permanent way now? Or how should we think about the mixed dynamics in that segment going forward?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. Let me give you a couple of thoughts. One is, strictly -- you have it right. But strictly speaking, the facilitation business in that business is sort of like a distribution business. We're speaking -- that's where we offer distribution services for OEM dealerships. You're appointed by Toyota or somebody else to kind of be their go-to supplier for a wide variety of products for the dealerships, for their dealership network. That's not what we're referring to here. We're referring to the other side of that, what we call EQS business, which is essential diagnostics, where an OEM manufacturer says I'd like to roll out either a hard tool -- I said diagnostics, but any essential tool, either a hard tool or a diagnostics, a laptop for a specific make of car -- and says, Snap-on, I'd like you to develop -- help us develop it and roll it out to our distribution -- well, help roll it out to our dealerships. And what happened here is we got a couple of those products -- we got a couple of those programs in place now that are rolling, and that nurtures this business. It does tend to be lumpy. So you can -- you get an award, it says -- some manufacturer, Rolls-Royce, says I'd like to rollout -- Rolls-Royce doesn’t have many dealerships, but let's say Toyota or somebody, says I'd like you to roll out to my dealerships, and you do it and it takes you 5 quarters. And then there's no -- there isn't a program, so you have to replace it with another program. So it can be lumpy. Overlaid on top of that, though, David, is whether the OEMs themselves are feeling robust or more favorable. And I think -- actually, I think the 2013 forecast in North America are for what? Must be a 5% increase in the auto industry? So a 15.1% to 15.7% or something like that? So I mean, it’s a small increase. So I think they're a little bit more positive here. So we're seeing little positive news there. Plus, on top -- overlaid on top of this lumpy business. Did that help you a little bit?
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. The last question -- yes, that does help. Last question, I guess, just pertains to possible acquisitions. And I guess the question is…
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: What acquisition? Say that again, please.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. The last question just has to do with acquisitions, and I guess the question is just how much leverage would you be willing to undertake in support of an acquisition?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Oh, I don't know if I'm -- I don’t know if I want to necessarily speak about that on a call or in this kind of situation. I'd just offer that -- if you look at our…
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Because I'm just wondering if there was softening [ph].
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Credit [indiscernible] and you look at our operating business, we had quite a bit of powder available. So I think that's sufficient to say that. I think those questions, David, always depend on the particular opportunity that's there. It's kind of a happenstance. One of the things -- we have capability in-house who knows how to acquire, because we have people who have experience in this. We have -- I know we have a great integration team available. We are reviewing an ongoing list of possibilities, and we know we have ammo. So I think we would adjust to any kind of situation. So I wouldn't want to pen myself in, in that regard.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Couple of things. Let's start with the Tool business. And Nick, you had -- and Aldo, you had talked about carryover impact from Sandy and payroll tax increase having an impact. Can you characterize on an exit rate what type of growth you might have been seeing? And I don't want to get bogged down in monthly numbers at all, but were you 0 to 3 to 6? Or some characterization there of how you ended...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't want to speak like that, but I would -- it's hard for me to characterize, but let me try it this way. You and I have talked, spoken many times about this, and I think I've said on every conference call that we have had over the last -- I don't know, more than 2 years, when the Tools Group is rolling double-digits, I have cautioned everyone that I don't think that continues. I think we hold to our 4% to 6%, but then there's the question of how fast is the deceleration. Right? I think. And I think everybody recognized that it probably can't grow at double-digits forever, and so how does that transition occur? And that was the $64,000 question. And I think, given -- I would just talk -- and this is speculation and so on, but I would say if we didn't see the lingering effects of Sandy, which we know is a factor, because we know Middle Atlantic was down and there were other places in the regions that were down, but if we didn't see that and if we didn't see what I would consider -- I can't document this, but what seemed to be a pause associated with -- it might have been the payroll tax, it might have been other things around -- it was kind of like a boundary layer when we went over '12 to '13. I think, we would have seen a more cushioned deceleration, let's say. If that helps.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. So do you think we're…
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: More expectable, would have been more expectable. I think people had certain expectations around those things, and I think this would have been a decelerated quarter. But it would have been more cushions, less abrupt.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And what kind of numbers did you see in the U.S. versus the international markets for the business?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, the U.S. -- international was below the -- I mean, international was above the U.S., because the U.S. is where we saw the impact of Sandy and the -- but the international business was also decelerated somewhat as well. So I mean, they were -- but generally, the U.S. was down more than -- decelerated faster than international.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So from your perspective then, it sounds like we've, more quickly than expected guidance to sport a 5% or 4% to 6% kind of range going forward?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I don't want to say that I expected that. I mean, I don't -- I never knew how we would go into that. I'd simply say that I think we have an event. We had some boundary layer conditions at the end of last year and certainly the beginning of -- mostly the beginning of this year that tended to what I want to say steepen or heighten the deceleration. And I still think 3.7% isn’t chopped liver, I would offer. And so we are not -- if I look at the 4% to 6% myself, I would say look, we always said we'd grow at 4% to 6% over time. We said 3.7% is reasonably inside -- a standard deviation of that, so it’s the kind of variation you'd see around those numbers. So I'm not so surprised about the 3.7%. I'm simply offering that in this particular period, if we didn't have the boundary layer, we probably would have seen somewhat softened -- a softer change.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then on the RS&I side, when you look at the minority interest there at Mitchell 1, I'm suspecting that Mitchell 1 was a very strong performer there for you?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, it was. It was. Great performance, yes.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Is that something that's tied to these roll out on the essential diagnostics? Or is that something more structural that can grow faster?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. Mitchell one -- let me just parse between these 2 things. I mean, make my comment about Mitchell 1. Mitchell 1 has been actually part of our -- been a good success story for some time, and it expanded that success in the first quarter. And that is not related to the essential diagnostics. Essential diagnostics is with OEM dealerships. This is fundamentally with independent dealerships, and they just seem to be growing their position with independent dealerships. They're getting better at what they do, and the dealerships are recognizing it and they're embracing it more. Now when you talk about the minority interest there's a special wrinkle -- that I might want Aldo to comment...
Aldo J. Pagliari: Yes, David. Aldo. Just -- you're correct that Mitchell 1 was a larger contributor, and 15% of Mitchell 1 is owned by outside parties. So there's a little bit more of an elimination in equity earnings for that. You'll also recall that in Q4, Snap-on divested a non-strategic entity. It was a legacy investment that was part of the ProQuest acquisition. So the earnings from that are no longer in equity earnings. So that also accounts for that lower amount that you see.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then on Mitchell 1, just one more item there, has this been driven by a change in the product, upgrading in the product offering, or more effective marketing? Or just normal market recognition over time?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, I'd say both. I think we did change the product. I want to say 6, 7 months ago, we changed to ProDemand. We changed to ProDemand, which was an upgrade, kind of a new model, if you will, of repair information. A lot better navigation, same great database that's wider than anybody else and terrific, but also better navigation. People really have appreciated that. And so that's one. Two, is our marketing has been better. We've driven customer connection into Mitchell 1 pretty effectively. So they're out constantly. They've got a pretty robust process, looking at the field and getting feedback saying, how can we improve? So they've kind of got this ongoing improvement activity that's actually, I think, pretty good for a software business, that's overlaying on top of the sort of upgrades and the software. They're actually improving it based on what the customers are telling them, and we never had that before. So we're doing better at that. And then thirdly, we're expanding a little bit our reach into heavy duty and other places. So we've got a couple of other non-automotive segments in there. So all 3 of those things are in a cocktail, and it's been doing pretty well. And when it came together this quarter with the sort of diagnostic information products, the repair shop owners and managers that went up and we paired it with a pretty robust quarter for -- we've been kind of carrying the OEM dealerships for several quarters. You might remember, last year's numbers were like 0.5, 2.9, 2.7 in RS&I. Now we're up pretty well because we've got -- we're hitting on more like oil cylinders. We're still carrying 25% of European business with that business. And one of the things that happened was that SBS, the parts catalog business, got out from under the consolidation of the dealerships. That was an ongoing tail. We were even receiving some of the impact last year. That stopped now. So that's back to some upward movement.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Nick, can you -- when did you start seeing this military business slide? I'm trying to get at -- where are we at? Are we at the anniversary...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, we started to see it, I think -- I wanted to see -- we started to see it sort of in the middle of the second quarter, third quarter last year, like mostly the third quarter, we started to see it roll. Third quarter was weak, but it was a smaller base. It makes -- I don't think it made scrutiny in the third quarter even though it wasn't good for us.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: So really, the fourth quarter year-over-year, we should see -- that's where it kind of anniversaries then, right?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Third quarter, I'd say, too. I'd say. But the fourth quarter, clearly the big anniversary. So -- yes, that's right. That's right.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Have you been seeing the declines increase quarter-over-quarter or…
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, it increased some, but not -- I would -- arithmetically, it's a greater increase in the second quarter as a percent of a smaller base than the fourth quarter, but I would tend to say that's within the range of government work. You know what I mean? In the range of a variation that you might see on this kind of thing. So I guess it's pretty much the same decline.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then last question is, is the portfolio built to the point now where it's going to really mimic the growth in the Tools Group?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Yes. This is Aldo, Gary. I think you have that correct. There's still a small piece of tailwind that we'll pick up from CIT, but as you can see on the chart, the extended credit portfolio owned by CIT and managed by us is down to less than $10 million. So going forward, it'll mirror the growth in Snap-on Tools. But just recollect that it -- Tools, the portfolio underwrites more big ticket items. So within the Tools Group you can sometimes get a little bit of variation in the amount of big-ticket items that they sell as opposed to the lower-priced items which tend to be underwritten by the franchisees themselves. So you get a little bit of noise quarter-to-quarter. But long run, it should move in concert.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Richard Hilgert with Morningstar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask a little bit more about the margins in the C&I Group for the quarter. Looking back over the past year, we've been in that mid-11% range since the quarter of last year, but the first quarter of last year it was a lot lower. Was there anything special in that first quarter a year ago that had the margins down?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, I don't think so. I think generally, we tend to get seasonality around first -- at different quarters. We don’t have great seasonality in sales. But sometimes, you'll get OI seasonality because of -- as you open up a year, you'd be spending on kick-off type things. So you get out, you have distributors, you have people you meet, you have new programs, and you tend to roll them out at the first of the year. So often time, that's an overhang on these -- of those types of quarters. I'm not saying it happens every year, but it happened in many years at C&I, because I used to run C&I. So we think what happened in the C&I is this. You've got what? Is it 130 basis points up? And I'd say, what, 40 basis points is due to lower restructuring. And then I think you can put down the rest to RCI. And the reason there is, is because when you've got a division that's having difficulty on sales, like SNA Europe or -- you tend to be -- put your nose to the grindstone at this stuff, even though it's a way of life. Every place in the corporation, they tend to push hard. You tend to spend restructuring money, and we're seeing that come to fruition. And so we really think that the quarter we see in C&I is -- really reflects to a large degree, the improvement in productivity that we're seeing around, because there is spending associated with this ongoing, associated with the first quarter. So I don't think there was anything special last time.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: The volume operating leverage, obviously with revenues being down 7%, one might not expect you to attain the same kind of operating leverage that we saw in the last 3 quarters of last year. But yet you were still able to do that. How much -- if you didn't have that year-over-year difference in your operating leverage, what kind of margin improvement could we have expected?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I'm not sure. Let me just say -- let me just try to answer your question this way. Look, this is a relatively complex landscape as you know. As I know you know our company, and it is complex. So it's hard to say with definitive -- make a definitive statement on any particular quarter, no matter what you see. But the thing is, is that you -- we have said that if the sales were flat, just flat, we could keep raising operating margins through the effect of our Snap-on value creation. We're confident of that. And this quarter, what we saw on the 120 basis points of improvement was 10 points of restructuring, favorability; 20 points of mix, because RS&I was up and C&I was down, so there were more different profitabilities; and then the rest you can roll up to RCI, which is associated with that. So you can expect us to try to -- not in any one particular quarter, you might not be able to see it. But over time, you'll see an overlay, and you can look back and see it. You can look back and see it. So we have operating improvement every quarter. I think -- I hope that answers your question.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: To some degree. I mean, I was looking for -- well, operating leverage was this kind of a negative impact. But because of RCI, we had this much positive impact. But that's okay. I'm [indiscernible].
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: [indiscernible] how much. I hate to pin myself down on operating leverage. I mean, associated with volume? Yes, I don't like to say it -- I don't like to give you any particular number about that, but you can be sure that if we get -- as we get higher volume, we do get some operating leverage.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Right. Okay. With respect to Europe, at some point, with new car sales being down as much as they are and looking like we're going to have a 6th straight year of significant decline over there, at some point, the aftermarket has to pick back up because people are just going to have to be fixing their cars if they're going to keep them longer. Have you seen any of that yet? Or when are you expecting something like that to start occurring over there?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I'm out of the business of predicting where Europe is going. I think I predicted that it was at the bottom like 2 years ago or something. So I don’t know. But look, I think this, is that Europe was down again for us. Our hand tool business in Europe was down, what, high single-digits, and it was down sort of low double-digits the last time. And we're not all in auto. We're in other businesses. So it's a broad base. Industry, construction, agriculture, a lot of other things. So it's a cocktail of things. I don't know in general when Europe will come back, but I'm confident -- we're pretty confident it will, and we're -- actually, we're pretty positive about this. We think this is one of the hidden gems about Snap-on because what you've got here is you've got a business which is improving its operational fitness. Profit is up when sales are down almost double digits, and yet we know that our customers are out there. We know that our customers still are remaining. So when the Europe comes back, we figure we're going to do pretty well on that. Okay?
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Yes, very good. On Financial Services, you're getting to the point where you're pretty much up to speed with respect to mimicking the tools as you mentioned earlier in the call. I was curious, is there any other opportunities with your Financial Services that you might be interested in pursuing in terms of providing credit services in other areas?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. we have said -- I think we have said that our Financial Services is hand-in-glove with our Tools Group -- with our own operations. So we view it as limited to the strategic support of Snap-on operations. We don't view it as a sort of a credit company that provides services to other things, which aren't associated with the rest for the business. We see it as financing our customers and our products and our franchisees, that's it.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Nick, just one last item here. You talked about China and how you're expanding your product range there. What portion of your product offering do you think you have available in China, Southeast Asia to deliver into the market today?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I would say we have 1/3 right now. Maybe 40%, that kind of thing. Maybe 1/3. You mean in terms of our overall product line? You mean in terms of the overall Snap-on product line? Is that what...
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. I'd say about 1/3. We have entries in virtually every category, maybe less than 1/3. Maybe 1/4 actually. So let's say 1/4 to 1/3, we are -- but we have pretty comprehensive activity. We're putting our toe in a lot of places. But our product line is quite narrow in each -- is more narrow than we have in other places, simply because you've got to start from 0, and you're trying to build up. And so that's an important thing. And a lot of this is learning the specific characterizations -- character of the customers. Not China, but just -- as we roll out into new markets like China or aerospace, you have to learn. I was just in an aerospace facility down in Indianapolis recently, and it's interesting to walk the floor of that place, 800 technicians, and you realize how different it is than vehicle -- this was our money. It was vehicle -- different from vehicle repairs. Some of the tools are held centrally. Some of them are done -- owned by each technician. The technicians don't necessarily do the same thing, so they need a different set of tools. But one thing is in common, is that they all like Snap-on. I ran into a number of technicians that said -- we had just entered this place. We started to sell there only like 3 or 4 months ago. It's part of the reason why our aerospace is up. And they said "We're glad you're here." The same kind of thing happens in China. You're constantly understanding where the customer base is, what they want and adjusting the product line and then trying to Asian-ize the product line to this. So it's an ongoing process. And I would say, we've got about 25% now.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And do you think it's -- how much of your product offering do you think you could put there? Could it be 100%? Or is it only half of it?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: A version of a lot of it. I can't say. But nothing -- unfortunately, probably nothing goes exactly. We have to make changes to almost everything, and that's what we call Asianization. That's why the product line -- I think one of the mistakes people make is they try to sell what they have. And it doesn't really work. It works at the top end. That's how you enter. We entered with the top end with the super-premium brand, we're selling to the best people, and then what happens -- when you have to deal with the other people, you actually have to make products that they might want and that they -- that fit their actual situations. For example, garages in China are lot -- a lot of the garages in China are a lot smaller. So things like your under-car equipment have to be configured for that. Now it's got the same base, the same actual function, but the physicals, the geometries of it have to change. Now that might not be a tough engineering move, but it has to happen. First, you have to realize it's needed; and secondly, then you have to execute it. So we're constantly doing that. That's why I'm so excited about the engineering center.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then the last item, just following on, on that, what about your geographic footprint in Asia, Southeast Asia? Is that -- how much more work is there to build that out like you wanted to be?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It's a lot more work in China and India. We've got a lot more work there. I think -- we could tick off the countries, I think we have more work in Indonesia. We have more work in the Philippines. We're pretty good in Korea, Singapore, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Thailand. Those places were okay. The other places, we've got more -- a lot more work to do.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So you're still very early in this whole revenue stream coming out of Asia?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Sure. Yes. And not to mention, the repair wave is just starting to rise.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call over for any closing remarks back over to Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Yes. Just thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today and for your interest in Snap-on. A replay of the call will be available shortly on snapon.com. And good day. Thanks.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Vice President of Investor Relations Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Aldo J. Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Rachel Huber David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Adam Brooks - Sidoti & Company, LLC Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Snap-on 2012 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference to Ms. Leslie Kratcoski, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Augusta, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review our fourth quarter 2012 results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information on the factors that could cause our results to differ materially are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everyone. We're going to follow the usual agenda for these calls. I'll provide my perspective on our results on our various markets, as well as on the progress we made during the fourth quarter and the year, then Aldo will provide a detailed review of all the financials. I believe the results in the quarter and throughout all of 2012 were encouraging and provide abundant evidence of advancements along our runways for growth and improvement. Our EPS in the fourth quarter was $1.43, up from $1.27 in 2011. That rise reflects an OpCo operating margin that improved to 14.8%, along with a strong increase in operating income from financial services, which rose to $29.3 million. It all added up to a consolidated operating margin of 17.7%, which compares to 16.3% in the prior year. Sales in the quarter were $753.2 million, a 2.5% organic increase before a slight offset of, I guess, about 20 basis points due to unfavorable foreign currency. That gain does include a continuation of the generally favorable trends we've seen in our automotive repair sector and the Tools Group and in the Repair Systems & Information Group. So we've seen the automotive repair sector strong. Now the 2.5% was somewhat less than what we've seen in the past periods. That's reflective primarily of the increased headwinds from restricted military spending in the Commercial & Industrial Group. I think everybody's well aware of the situation that existed as we approached the year end and the fiscal cliff, which, by the way, remains an overhang going forward. We're still dealing with potential sequestration. That uncertainty, along with the generally reduced spending from the wind down of the troop deployments, are what's behind the military weakness. The fourth quarter did highlight the fluid and fragile environment we've seen in the worldwide economic picture, and there was turbulence from place to place. Overall, however, outside of the military contraction, our year-over-year sales comparison in the quarter can be characterized as similar to past periods, somewhat weaker in certain areas, but within a normal range of variation, the kinds you would expect to see from period to period. So as always, there are headwinds. That's nothing new. Europe difficulties have been there for some time, but now we see a larger military contraction. But there are positives as well: strength in our automotive repair sectors, opportunity in emerging markets and progress in serving critical industries. We're encouraged by the advancements being made along our defined runways for growth, areas that we've identified as being decisive for our future: extending into critical industries, building in emerging markets, enhancing the franchise network and expanding in the garage. Gains in each of these strategically important areas have enabled us to more than offset the various spots of weakness throughout 2012 and are testimony to the balance and the breadth of our coherent growths. Along with the advancements in those areas of opportunity, we're also seeing clear benefits related to our Snap-on Value Creation Processes, a set of principles that we focus on every day to drive improvement in safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and RCI. You can see that in the encouraging results of the quarter. You can also see the progress in the full year results, a 4.6% organic sales gain, overcoming a number of headwinds, most notably Europe. At the same time, the full year OpCo operating margin rose to 13.9%, an increase of 40 basis points, in spite of nearly $14 million or a 50-basis-point impact from higher mark-to-market accounting adjustments related to changes in our share price. So now let's take a look at the highlights of each of the segments. The Commercial & Industrial Group, or C&I -- or the Commercial & Industrial C&I Group is where we're bearing the brunt of both the European and military difficulties. The impact is evident in the 6.2% organic sales decline after being up mid-single digits in the first 3 quarters of the year. In spite of that sales decline, however, the operating margin, at 11.6%, was reasonably encouraging as we are seeing benefits from RCI across the group and further improvements at SNA Europe, specifically in part because of the restructuring actions we've taken as the challenges of the European economies linger. Sales in SNA Europe were down double digits compared to last year, a somewhat weaker comparison than Q3, but not a clear indication of the changed environment. As I mentioned, the significant double-digit decline in military activity in our industrial division was clearly a much greater headwind than we've seen in the past couple of quarters. On the other hand, our industrial business did post gains in critical industries outside of the military. We're extending our reach by developing new products and programs to specifically serve customers in sectors like aviation, oil & gas, mining, power generation and technical education. We're gaining strategic position in each of those areas. One of the real highlights of our expansion into critical industries this quarter, and in fact every quarter of the year, was the double-digit growth in Aviation & Aerospace. Importantly, much of that growth is international, from manufacturers to maintenance and repair and overhaul facilities and to a wide variety of flight operations. And certainly, no discussion of progress for us would be complete without mention of our Asia-Pacific operation. Once again in the quarter, we posted double-digit gains in the emerging market of that region, broad increases. Thailand was particularly strong. Indonesia also contributed nicely. The quarter was much the same story as it has been throughout the year. We're building our presence across the region. In both China and India, clearly important markets, our crucial undercar and equipment and hand tool product lines led the way with strong gains during the year. In November, this last November, I was in China to attend the opening of our fourth plants at our site in Kunshan. It's a state-of-the-art facility dedicated to undercar equipment for the region, appropriate, we believe, given the substantial growth and opportunity that's available in that segment. Last month, I also attended a number of reseller and associate new year kick-off meetings in Asia. I can tell you, the enthusiasm regarding our expanding presence and regarding our product line is encouraging and it's contagious. I believe it bodes well for our future as the repair wave rises in emerging markets. Let's move to the Tools Group. Another quarter of strong growth. Organic sales for the group were up 9.3%, with a similar rise in the U.S. Operating margin in the quarter was 14.2%, up 70 basis points. The fourth quarter was a continuation of the progress we've made throughout 2012. Enhancing the van channel has been a primary focus for quite some time, and that focus, along with the associated investments we've made, has driven results. Clearly, one of the big advantages is our wholly-owned Financial Services company, Snap-on Credit. Aldo will talk in some detail about the positive financial results for the operations. I'll just say, by working closely with the Tools Group, our financial arm has been instrumental in helping drive the van sales increases we saw throughout 2012. We've had a string of gains in big-ticket items, and much of that activity is enabled by Snap-on Credit. But beyond the financial results, there's other evidence of progress. I often mention the internal metrics we track related to franchisee health. They've been on a positive trajectory for some time. That's more confirmation of a strengthening network. And we've also seen external validation of our improved position in the network. Entrepreneur Magazine recently published a ranking of top franchises, with a focus on financial strength and stability, growth rate and the size of the system. Well, we've moved up, with Snap-on coming in at #26 out of the 500 top franchises. Also in the quarter, Franchise Direct listed Snap-on as #11 in its 2012 top 100 global franchise ranking. And finally, Franchise Business Review, a leading research firm in franchising, ranked us among the top 100 opportunities for veterans. We like that. I'll just add that in each of these listings, Snap-on ranks ahead of all tool franchise systems. When you couple these with awards for innovative new products that I highlighted last quarter, the improvements are clear. In January, we also had our kick-off meetings in the U.S. for the Tools Group. I attended, and I can tell you that among our team and our franchisees, there was widespread optimism and enthusiasm, just what you would expect given the progress of 2012. Now let's go on to the Repair Systems & Information Group, or RS&I. Organic sales were up 2.9%, while the operating margin at 22.9% was up 210 basis points. The general weakness in Western Europe continues to have an impact on RS&I because we do have a significant undercar equipment business in that region. But importantly, we saw more progress with strong gains for our undercar equipment lineup in the emerging Eastern European and Brazilian markets, and we continue the upward trend in selling repair information and diagnostics products to independent shop owners and managers, while at the same time, our activity in the businesses that primarily serve OEM dealerships posted increases in essential diagnostics and tools programs. For RS&I, all of these widespread positives more than offset the challenges of Europe and undercar equipment. This past quarter, we continued to see the benefits of our strategy to expand Snap-on's presence in the garage. We highlighted that effort a number of years ago when we first put this portfolio together. It's been reinforced since then with investments in innovation, and it's paying off with winning products and improved positions. Along those lines, our new VERUS PRO, launched this August, has been a great addition, lighter, faster, smarter. It's added to our broad, strong array of repair shop innovations, handheld diagnostics, undercar equipment and repair information. And RS&I is rolling all those products together into a cohesive and improved offering aimed directly at shop owners and managers. And in the quarter, there were a number of significant wins with national repair shop trains. Our product bundle was a big factor in those wins. Let's talk about fleets. We're better able to support the broad vehicle mixes. We've expanded our medium- and heavy-duty offering to accommodate a wider range. Coupled with our already strong automotive offering, our suite of products enabled fleet customers, private, government or utilities, to more efficiently serve their varied vehicle lineups. One recent note, just this past quarter, we enhanced our NEXIQ-branded heavy-duty diagnostic handheld to include a full-service scan capabilities for a variety of antilock breaking system. It's all bundled together now in one place. Obviously, that's an important system in the fleet space. It's been a well received enhancement to what was an already strong lineup. Also on RS&I, Snap-on Business Solutions continues to find opportunities in near neighbor sectors outside the automotive space. For example, on heavy power equipment used in construction and agriculture, for those industries, our electronic parts catalog, or EPC, is proving to be an attractive productivity enhancer. In the fourth quarter, we launched a new EPC for a major global OEM in that adjacent space, and our expansion in those segments provide an important opportunity, and we're taking full advantage. All in all, RS&I had a positive quarter, innovative products and clear customer focus, overcoming continuing headwinds and leading to strong profitability. Well, that's some of the highlights of the quarter. 2.5% organic sales increase, somewhat less than prior quarters, but that's largely reflecting the military. Advancements along our runways for growth, extending into critical industries, building in emerging markets, enhancing the van channel and expanding in the repair garage, overcoming the headwinds. And our Snap-on Value Creation Processes, our focus on safety, quality, customer connection, rapid continuous improvement in innovations author another quarter of improved profitability. OpCo OI margin up to 14.8% and EPS of $1.43, representing a 12.6% increase from 2011. Overall, it was an encouraging quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo for a review of the financials. Aldo?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. So our fourth quarter consolidated operating results is summarized on Slide 6. Net sales of $753.2 million in the quarter increased 2.5% organically. Continued higher sales in the Snap-on Tools Group and in the emerging markets of Asia, along with higher sales of diagnostics and repair information products, more than offset lower sales in the military and continued weakness in Europe. For the full year, 2012 net sales increased 4.6% organically. Consolidated gross profit of $352 million increased $16.2 million from 2011 levels, and gross margin of 46.7% improved 110 basis points from 45.6% last year, largely due to savings from ongoing RCI initiatives and lower restructuring cost. Operating expenses of $240.6 million were up $8.6 million from last year, primarily due to higher volume-related and other expenses. The operating expense margin of 39.1% in the quarter increased 40 basis points from 2011 levels. Restructuring costs in the fourth quarter of last year totaled $4.4 million. No restructuring costs were incurred in the fourth quarter of 2012. For the full year, however, restructuring costs of $16.5 million were up $4.3 million year-over-year. Operating earnings before Financial Services of $111.4 million in the quarter increased $7.6 million, and as a percentage of sales improved 70 basis points, from 14.1% last year to 14.8% this year. Operating earnings from Financial Services of $29.3 million increased $7.2 million or 32.6% over prior year levels. Consolidated operating earnings of $140.7 million in the quarter increased $14.8 million over 2011 levels, and the operating margin of 17.7% improved 140 basis points from 16.3% a year ago. Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate of 32% compared with 33% last year. For the full year, our effective income tax rate was 32.8% as compared with 33% for full year 2011. Finally, net earnings of $84.6 million or $1.43 per diluted share in the quarter compared to net earnings of $74.3 million or $1.27 per share last year. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the Commercial & Industrial or C&I Group on Slide 7. Fourth quarter sales of $275.6 million were down 6.2% organically from prior-year levels, primarily due to double-digit declines in sales to the military and in our European-based hand tool business, reflecting continued market weakness in that region. These sales decreases were partially offset by sales gains in other critical industries and a double-digit increase in sales to customers in the emerging markets of Asia. Gross profit in the C&I group totaled $105 million in the quarter, and gross margin of 38.1% improved 210 basis points from 2011 levels, primarily due to lower restructuring cost and savings from ongoing RCI initiatives, particularly in Europe. Operating expenses of $73.1 million in the quarter were essentially flat with the prior year. The operating expense margin of 26.5% increased 170 basis points from 24.8% last year, primarily due to the lower sales. As a result of these factors, fourth quarter operating earnings of $31.9 million for the C&I segment decreased $1.1 million from 2011 levels, while the operating margin of 11.6% improved 40 basis points year-over-year. Turning now to Slide 8, fourth quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $321.6 million increased 9.3% organically, reflecting high-single digit sales gains across both the company's U.S. and international franchise operations. Gross profit of $135.8 million increased $11.9 million from 2011 levels. Gross margin of 42.2% in the quarter compared with 42.3% last year. Operating expenses totaled $90.2 million in the quarter, and the operating expense margin of 28% improved 80 basis points from 28.8% last year, largely due to benefits from sales volume leverage. Operating earnings of $45.6 million in the quarter for the Snap-on Tools Group increased $6 million or 15.2% from 2011 levels, and the operating margin of 14.2% increased 70 basis points from 13.5% last year. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information or RS&I group, shown on Slide 9. Fourth quarter sales of $241.6 million increased 2.9% organically, primarily due to low-single digit gains in both sales of diagnostics and repair information products and sales to OEM dealerships. Gross profit totaled $111.2 million in the quarter and the gross margin of 46% increased 140 basis points from 44.6% last year, primarily due to savings from ongoing RCI initiatives and lower restructuring cost. Operating expenses totaled $55.8 million, and the operating expense margin of 23.1% improved 70 basis points from 2011 levels, reflecting benefits from sales volume leverage and contributions from ongoing RCI. Fourth quarter operating earnings of $55.4 million for the RS&I group increased $6.2 million or 12.6%. The operating margin of 22.9% improved 210 basis points from 20.8% last year. Now turning to Slide 10. Fourth quarter earnings from Financial Services increased $7.2 million or 32.6%, primarily due to continued growth of the on-book finance portfolio. Originations of $165.6 million in the quarter rose 7% year-over-year, reflecting both higher sales in our Snap-on tools segment and increased participation in our credit programs. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter-end balance sheet includes $1.08 billion of gross financing receivables, including $913 million from our U.S. Snap-on Credit operation and $172 million from our international finance subsidiaries. In the U.S., $731 million or 80% of the financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. Since the beginning of 2012, our worldwide on-book financing portfolio has grown approximately $150 million. Approximately $127 million of the expanded portfolio relates to the United States, while $23 million is associated with growth at our international finance subsidiaries. For 2013, we anticipate that the worldwide gross on-book finance portfolio will increase by approximately $80 million to $90 million over 2012 year end levels. As for finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now turning to Slide 12. Fourth quarter cash provided by operations of $102.9 million in 2012 increased $30.6 million from $72.3 million last year. In the quarter, we made a discretionary cash contribution of $12 million to our U.S. pension plans. This contribution was in addition to the $42.7 million of discretionary contributions made earlier this year. Last year, also in the fourth quarter, we made a discretionary $48 million U.S. pension contribution. Capital expenditures of $19.9 million in the quarter and $79.4 million for the full year included the completion of a fourth factory at our Kunshan, China location, as well as continued investments across our operations, which enhanced our capability and flexibility in providing products and services to our customers in a timely and complete manner. As seen on Slide 13, days sales outstanding for trade receivables of 61 days compared to 58 days as of 2011 year end. In constant dollars, days sales outstanding increased by 1 day. Inventories increased $13 million organically from 2011 year end levels, primarily to support continued higher demand, largely in the United States. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.9x compared to 4.2x at 2011 year end, reflective of the higher inventory. Our year end cash position of $214.5 million increased $28.9 million from 2011 levels. The year-over-year cash increase reflects higher levels of net income in cash generated from operations, as well as $445.5 million of cash collections from finance receivables. In the fourth quarter, we also received cash proceeds of $27 million related to the sale at book value of an equity investment in a nonstrategic, unconsolidated affiliate. These cash increases were partially offset by the funding of $569.6 million of new finance originations, dividend payments of $81.5 million, capital expenditures of $79.4 million and share repurchases of $78.1 million. Our net debt to cap ratio of 29.7% compares to 34.3% at 2011 year end. In addition to our $215 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, and our current short-term credit rating allows us to access the commercial paper markets should we choose to do so. At year end, no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities. This concludes my remarks on fourth quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few outlook items for 2013, as outlined in this morning's press release. We anticipated that capital expenditures in 2013 will be in the range of $70 million to $80 million. During 2013, we intend to make required contributions of $10.0 million into our foreign pension plans and $1.6 million to our domestic pension plans. Depending on market and other conditions, we may elect to also make discretionary contributions to our domestic pension plans. Finally, we anticipate that our full year 2013 effective income tax rate will be comparable to our 2012 rate. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Our fourth quarter was encouraging again. Progress in the midst of European and military headwinds. Results that bear the hallmarks of advancement along our runways for growth and improvement. We recognize that this is a period of turbulence, but we believe in the strength of our businesses and in the potential of our runways. Enhancing the van network, the health of our franchisees are reaching new levels and sales in that channel were up 9.3% in the quarter. Extending to critical industries, there are some strong headwinds in this space, but we believe our strategic position is on the rise. Expanding with repair shop owners and managers, increases in diagnostics and information products and RS&I OI margin up 210 basis points. And building in emerging markets, stronger physical presence, another factory in China, more products, more distribution, more sales. And our Snap-on Value Creation Processes are driving improvements, with OpCo OI margin reaching 14.8% in the quarter and coming in at 13.9% for the year, both representing improved performance. The fourth quarter and the full year are testimony to the capability of our team to execute and to the abundant opportunity for the growth inherent in Snap-on's fundamental strategic strengths. And we believe that those advantages will continue to author ongoing positive trends as we go forward. Before I close, it's appropriate that I recognize Snap-on associates and franchisees around the world. As usual, many of you are listening to this call. The positive performance of the fourth quarter and of the full year is a reflection of your capability and your dedication. For your contributions to our past, for your participation in our present and your commitment to our future, you have my admiration and you have my thanks. Now I'll turn it over to Augusta for questions. Augusta?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from David MacGregor of Longbow Research.
Rachel Huber: This is actually Rachel Huber on for David. Just in regard to the RS&I margins, was there something in particular, or just the higher mix that contributed to the higher print this quarter, and is that something that you guys are expecting to be repeatable in 2013?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, the mix is -- 210 basis points, the mix only contributed about 15 to 20 points. The rest was a couple other things, but RCI, our Rapid Continuous Improvement Snap-on Value Creation Processes, was the big winner there, contributed 150, 160 of those basis points. That's straight improvement.
Rachel Huber: And is that something that you expect to continue into '13, then?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well -- and of course, there was -- on top of that, there was 50 basis points of restructuring, that's what I -- so let me recap. It was 15 points of -- 15 to 20 points of mix, 50 of restructuring, of lower restructuring, then the 150 of RCI. We expect RCI each and every quarter the amounts that are going to roll through by division, by quarter are -- change and vary from place to place. But we do consider that we will have good, strong contributions every quarter from RCI.
Rachel Huber: Okay. And then -- yes, just going on to C&I. I don't know if you had broken this out at all. How much of the decline did you attribute to military versus just general European weakness?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, military was the big piece, the biggest piece of that. So we haven't really broken it out in total, but I think you can conclude that it was the lion's share of that -- European weakness was a piece of that. And there were a couple of other divisions in there that go up and down from quarter to quarter, but the military was the big mover. In the quarter -- what happens in the military, the fourth quarter is the strongest quarter of all. Military fiscal year ends in, for us anyway, military ends in the third quarter -- military fiscal year ends in the third quarter. People book business in the third quarter and right up to the end, and then it comes out in the fourth quarter. This year, this didn't happen to as great an extent, so there was a pretty big variance.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Leiker of Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess I want to start off just to follow-up on the comments on the military, just to make sure I heard something correctly here. I think you said that your total corporate organic growth of 2.5% would have been in line with what you've seen in recent quarters, excluding the military decline?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: That's what we said.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Did I hear that?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, that's correct, David. If you took out the military, you're looking sort of the same thing, the same kind of quarter. The military was just a big changer...
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the Snap-on Credit, I know it's not a big number, it's not a big move, but the delinquencies have been inching up here a little bit. One of you give just a little color on that? And second, have you done anything in terms of changing your reserving on that?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't think there's anything in that regard. It has inched up, but you look at -- it's a kind of seasonal thing, the fourth quarter, people run into the holidays. They tend to roll it up. We look back at the last 4 years, it inched up every period, every quarter like this. Maybe this is a little bit more. I don't think it's anything significant.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, Nick and Aldo, you guys, you've got several years under your belts here of pretty significant business model improvement, margin improvement. If you take those 2 items, what inning do you think we're in, in terms of where you think you can take the business model, and then secondly, where you think margins can go?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, look, I still think there's a lot of opportunity at Snap-on. I think I've said this to you and many others, when you walk around here, you can see a lot of things that can be improved. So I would say we're now in like the fourth inning or something like that. We have a lot more runway in terms of Rapid Continuous Improvement and the Snap-on Value Creation Processes. And we have said -- we have targeted that we will be at the mid-double digits, which I think we define as mid-teens. We're almost there. I don't see a point in setting a new target, but I also have said that I believe strongly, I think our management team believes strongly in the quality, the inherent strength of our position in terms of the brands we have, the product we have, the legions of loyal customers and the possibilities for coherent growth. So we would be disappointed if we did not march ourselves to be among the highest rank of industrial companies in terms of profitability. I allow you experts to figure out where that would be.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then if you look at the business model improvement, you've found ways of selling more products through the van channel. It looks like on RS&I, you're expanding beyond the traditional auto repair to other end markets. In terms of driving that business model to new levels, where do you think you are in that process?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, actually, in terms of, I think, in terms of the Tools Group, in terms of the van business, we're hitting on all cylinders. Those guys are doing very well. Now I want to quickly give a caveat here like I do every call, that I think that double-digit growth is probably not going to go on forever. Well, in fact, it didn't. It was 9.3% this quarter. But we've said that the Tools Group will be on a 4% to 6% range. I think that's more likely to be the long-term future of the Tools Group, but still, they are understanding how to reach more customers through productivity and how to sell more through different marketing. They're doing that pretty well, and I think they really know how to do it now. And so it's just a matter of keeping it going. In the RS&I group, as in the C&I group, we're focusing on a different customer base, changing from a product focus to a customer focus, and I would say, in there, we're like in the bottom of the second. We still have a long way to go in both of those businesses.
Operator: Our next question will come from Liam Burke of Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Nick, you talked about the finance driving the growth in the franchisee channel and how you would draw in more big-ticket items. Could give us a little more detail on some of the other things that are driving this high-single digit, low-double digit revenue growth here?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, sure. Look, you've got good growth in the big-ticket items like tool storage and the bigger -- when I say big-ticket, Liam, just to be clear, I include high ticket diagnostic units like SOLUS Ultra and the VERUS PRO that I mentioned, and then you've got hand tools, which were up quite a bit in the quarter. And so those, that troika of products are doing pretty well in this group. And that's this quarter. In other quarters, we've seen Power Tools come in there and be a big factor. So maybe that quartet of product lines have moved forward, and yes, it's some of the special marketing like we talk about the past, the Rock 'n Roll Express mobile display unit for tool storage has helped, but other things about training programs for diagnostics and innovation around exciting hand tools that solve special problems that people get on the van and get very excited about. I was just on a van ride in Burlington, actually in a snowstorm, and it's very interesting about the -- I ran into this one young guy who was just out of school, and he said, "I've become almost the senior tech in the house," And I said, "Why?" And he said, "Because I bought a SOLUS Ultra, Snap-on SOLUS Ultra, which is a diagnostic unit." And what he said was they had a shop unit there which was a competitor's. It was shared by all the technicians, and they had spent 4 days trying to solve a transmission problem in this house with one of these competitor units. This guy bought one himself, he invested in a Snap-on, like a mid-range Snap-on unit. He said, "I plugged it into the car, it told me what was wrong, it told me how to fix it and it gave me the part number to order to fix it." He said he raised his status in the shop immensely. And so that's the kind of thing that those kind of products are adding to the marketing that's driving some of our sales.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Great. Aldo, on the cash flow statement this year, if I took net operating -- cash from operating activities, backed out your CapEx and then netted your additions and collections of finance receivables, you generated about $125 million in free cash compared to roughly negative cash flow of $95 million a year ago. Is this a trend of positive cash flow generation now that most of the credit business has been bought in-house?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Yes, Liam. Well, one thing I just want to call your attention to because you're a little bit newer to the story. Last year, we did have, in Q2 of 2011, an $89 million repayment in regard to settlement of a CIT arbitration matter. So when you're looking at the full year cash flow, that's something that impacted 2011 that we didn't have this year. So it's one thing if you're looking at the full year column. But now to answer your question, the on-book portfolio, as I mentioned earlier, we expect will still grow $80 million, $90 million in terms of 2013. And though we don't provide guidance, we'd like to call that out because we know that people have followed us and are trying to model the transition of the formerly-owned CIT portfolio to Snap-on. That is largely behind us. If you look at the chart, you'll see that, I believe, there was about $53 million left at the end of the year that was owned by CIT, and $11 million to $12 million of that is extended credit. That is about the remainder of what transitions over to us. So that is largely behind us. Snap-on Credit will continue to use cash in 2013, but not nearly to the same rate as what it did in 2012 and 2011.
Operator: Our next question will come from Gary Prestopino of Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: In terms of -- and I always ask this with Europe. In terms of the headwinds there, it's been constant for quite a while. But Europe's kind of moved out of the headlines here?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: And just wondering, is it at least a stable decline or is it continuing to decline for you?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. No, it's pretty much -- I tried to have that come through in the remarks. It's pretty much stable. It's down a little bit. The landscape in Europe is sort of -- to go back to a geometric concept, it's not congruent, but it's similar to what it was in the third quarter. South is down double digits, strong double digits, the core is down single digits and the Eastern Europe is up. Now that's the same in this quarter. The difference in this quarter was the core was down a little bit more. I think, look, France was down, Denmark -- for us, anyway, France was down, Denmark was down, the U.K. was down, Norway was down, so a few of those -- and when you look at the GDPs, why? The U.K. flattened out, France is now negative, Denmark is negative, and so you can see it reflected in the GDP, so it's kind of not surprising. But when you're looking at saying, well, the third quarter versus the fourth quarter, Europe was a headwind in both quarters, but only slightly bigger in the fourth quarter. So it's kind of stabilized as just one continuing pain.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: One continuing pain. Okay. And did you mention just what, year-over-year, your emerging market revenue growth was?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: We did not mention that. We said double digits, actually, but we didn't mention exactly -- we did -- it's double digits. So we grow faster than the GDPs of the region. We said that -- actually, we got some -- normally, we don't talk about places like Thailand and Indonesia, but they were pretty good. So we kind of highlighted them there. Everybody always talks about India, which was up nice, and China and so on. But really, really, we're getting -- we saw some nice broad growth there this year. And like I said, we opened a new factory, so we can see our strength building stronger. And if you were at the Reseller's Meetings, which is like the Distributor's with several hundred resellers, you would have been, I think, impressed with the enthusiasm they have there for our product because they see the repair wave rising. It hasn't started yet because the installation of product is just starting. Everything is new there and the repair is starting, so they see themselves getting in on a ground floor something good.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Did you -- could you give us an idea of what percentage of your sales were coming from emerging markets?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It's getting upwards close to 10%, that kind of thing, right now. And like I said, that's why I think that's -- they're underrepresented in our number now because our business really -- and when I say business, I mean the broad industry, that what we do hasn't really taken off in importance yet in that region. I expect it to be a much bigger percentage of our total pie when that wave starts to rise.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: That was my next question. Like, say, on a 5-year basis, what are your expectations for what percentage of sales would be coming from these emerging markets?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Geez, I don't know. I don't want to do that. I think you guys can figure that out. We're growing faster than GDP. We think we can continue that for a while.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Adam Brooks of Sidoti & Company.
Adam Brooks - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just a few questions here. You mentioned in the Tools Group that eventually you trail down to that 4% to 6% range, but it sounds like you could stay above that range for the next year. So is that reasonable to assume?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I did not say that. I said that I expect it to be 4% to 6%. I think they are managing the business superbly. I think they are -- I whisper, I think they are gaining position, if not share. But I would say that we still see it in that range. When that happens, I'm not going to speculate.
Adam Brooks - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. Fair enough. But, two, on the military side, can you give us a sense, as a percentage of C&I, what that business is?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I can give you a percentage. Look, we don't give -- I have resisted over the years giving out numbers for segments. But I'll just do this. Look, they're part of the critical industries division, the industrial division. This is a $420 million business. We've mentioned 5 or 6 segments in that business. You can kind of split them up. This is -- because we started the focus on military first, this is one of the bigger ones, and then you have to understand that the fourth quarter is the biggest of the quarters for that business. You start to do that, you can start to triangulate to roughly how big it is.
Adam Brooks - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And then real quickly, just maybe a comment on cash flow for 2013, expectations as far as working capital?
Aldo J. Pagliari: So working capital tends to be about 25%. It was a little bit higher than that in terms of the sales revenue. I think it was more like 25.9% in the quarter. But it tends to be up and around that area. Certainly, there's always opportunities to improve working capital performance, but I would suggest that I would use that ratio still going forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Richard Hilgert of MorningStar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on the delinquencies, wanted to talk a little bit about C&I and also a little bit about the military spending. On the delinquencies, the fourth quarter, on the extended credit side in the U.S., actually went up a little bit versus the fourth quarter of 2011. Conversely, on the internationals, it went down a little bit in the fourth quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2011. So I'm wondering -- that kind of seems counterintuitive given what's happening in Europe versus the recovery that's been going on for the last 3 years here in the U.S. On the C&I margin stuff in conjunction with the RCI initiatives, C&I has historically had the lowest margins of the group, and I'm wondering if the increases that we've seen bringing it more closer to the hand tools business, the traditional Snap-on Tools business, I'm wondering if RCI is the factor here or if it's the mix of product or if it's a combination of both? And if that's the case, if RCI actually gets the C&I group closer to the hand tools margin. And then the third issue, the military spending. I'm assuming, obviously, with all of the different budget talks and sequestration and everything in D.C. that this was the impact there. So I'm wondering, if we get past the sequestration here over the next couple of months, is there some pent-up demand maybe there in the military? And we might see second or third quarter actually doing better than expectations?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I'll answer 2 of those, and I'll let Aldo deal with the delinquency question. Look, well, who knows what's going to happen in Washington. And so I don't think anybody can speculate there. We have -- our military business is biggest in the fourth quarter, and the first quarter has historically been sort of the second biggest quarter in that regard. So if we don't get this sequestration, if it doesn't break loose, we'll have a comparison that's not as tough as the fourth quarter, but easier than the -- more difficult than the second or third quarters, going out there. But I don't know about pent-up demand. We're in a funny time in the military, and I don't think you can speculate there. That's one possible future. I suppose it's one possible future that everything gets solved and the floodgates open and things happen. I'm not sure. I think it's a you pick them type thing. You can't really forecast that. But that's a possibility. It's a possibility. I think the other thing you have to think about, though, is the sequestration, and then on top of that, there is the longer-term sort of bias associated with the troop wind down. So you have some of that on top of it. So you have those 2 things in play. The military business is not dead, though. There is a future for it, and we think it will be a good business going long-term. That's certainly the big question. Now in terms of the margins associated with the C&I, there's -- any quarter, there's goes ins and goes outs, and there's more profitable businesses and less profitable business, so there can be a mix effect, but you can generally -- if you're talking about long-term trajectory in C&I, you are talking pretty much about the idea of RCI and the question of volume leverage. We say generally that our Snap-on value creation systems allow us to make more money at flat sales. And then we get leverage on top of that. So that helps the situation. For example, in Europe, we've been lowering the breakeven. So if we get more volume, we get some leverage on that. That drives up those numbers. But I guess you would come back to saying lowering the breakeven is RCI-driven. So the long -- the short answer to this is C&I rises through RCI drive, and we expect to, over time, to do just that. Aldo will talk about the [indiscernible].
Aldo J. Pagliari: Yes, Richard, briefly on the portfolio performance. As we said, it's well in line with our expectations. Generally speaking, if you look at the -- a little bit of seasonality, they tend to run up the 60-day delinquencies as they get closer to the Christmas holidays, and payments slow a bit. And you're correct, it was 1.5% this year. It was 1.4% last year. If you go the year back, it was 1.6%. However, we like to look at the allowance for doubtful accounts, as we call it, and that we look more at the life cycle of these loans because they tend to run 36, 37 months. And if you look of that, it actually nominally improved. It's still about 3%, and that's the number that we've been talking about as we go on the road over the past year, but actually slightly improves. So the performance characteristics in the U.S. portfolio are well within the range of our expectations. As you point out, on the international side, we're still learning how to grow at risk-based analytics. So we're a little bit more selective historically on the credit risk that we take in the international markets. We're trying to flex and leverage some of the learnings we have in the United States. However, the United States is not the same as the United Kingdom or Australia. There are differences, but we're trying to introduce some of those lessons learned based on our years of experience here in the U.S. We'll probably get a little bit more aggressive on some of our credit positions and grow sales, but that will be a nominal effect on the gross portfolio in total. So I hope that answers your question.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's very helpful. Just one follow-up, if I could, please, on the Financial Services portfolio. Now that you've had a good couple of years of experience with this, have you been able to roll out any particular programs or special financing deals that you wouldn't have been able to do having outsourced this in the past?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Not really. I'll say that in 2 ways. One is we always have new programs, but they're within the confines of working hand and glove with the Tools Group. It always was that way before. There's a little bit more energy and positive alignment because it's a wholly-owned operation, yes. But I'd say we're still working within the bounds of how we did it before.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Let me add to that. I think having -- when you run businesses, there's a big difference between having a wholly-owned business and a 50-50 joint venture. As close as we worked with the 50-50 joint venture with Snap-on Credit, we worked much closer with them when they became wholly-owned. And so what Aldo says is correct. From a financial structure point of view, from a strictly financial antiseptic point of view, we haven't changed really anything in terms of how we deal with the franchisees. But the Tools Group is very cooperative with the -- I mean, the credit company is very cooperative with the Tools Group to kind of package programs and time them and present them in ways which will excite the franchisees. That kind of cooperation has increased at an extraordinary level, and it's part of what is driving some of this success.
Operator: We'll go next to Dax Vlassis of Gates Capital Management.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management, Inc.: So I'm just kind of wondering with -- basically, you're at the finish line with bringing on the CIT portfolio. You had the best -- one of the best free cash flow generation quarters in years in this last quarter. The cash flow uses for CapEx and the CIT portfolio look low, relatively speaking. Are you contemplating, now that you've sort of gotten past most of the bringing on the CIT business, are you looking more strategically at acquisitions now? Is there any more of a focus on this from management? And also, what about -- as far as the dividend policy goes, can you discuss your current thinking on the current dividend? I know it was raised recently, but looking at the stock price and looking at the yield, it's sort of low relative to where you've been historically, and given all the cash you're generating, can you talk about rewarding shareholders by giving us more of it?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, I think our priorities for -- just let me state probably what I've said on another call, that our priorities for use of cash are organic growth around capital expenditures. I'm not married to the -- necessarily the capital expenditure numbers. It can go up over the years. Secondly, the idea of organic growth around capital expenditures and those things, working capital, which Aldo talked about, then things like M&A, which you are quite correct that we are kind of passing through the period where we've managed through the largest acquisition this company has ever made. And so we have more energy to focus on things like acquisitions. And so you can talk about that. And then the dividends, we raised the dividends 11.8% just in November, and you might remember that we have paid a dividend every quarter since 1939 and we have never reduced it. So our kind of dividend policy is make sure we can maintain perpetuity on the dividend, and that's what we do. And then finally, there's share buyback for dilution, and we think that matches our cash flow reasonably well. We think with all those of things, we can put our cash to work.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management, Inc.: Yes, I understand that, but if you look at the OpCo sort of balance sheet, I mean, you're almost debt-free, net debt-free at that entity, and that's the way I look at it. I know there's other ways other people look at it. But if you look at that, I mean, you're woefully underleveraged, and I'm just wondering if you guys don't have the capacity to make acquisitions, you don't have a team, you don't understand the economics of it? Because, I mean, at some point, the lack of leverage on the OpCo, it starts to diminish equity returns.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, actually...
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management, Inc.: I realize there's a point that it gets too much and it gets risky, but, I mean, it's -- I mean, you're not even at half a turn on the parent company cash flows, so can you just address that?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: We understand that. I think we understand. I -- actually, I think we look at it in many ways, and one of the ways to look at it is that OpCo is debt-free, and that would say that we have substantial firepower for acquisitions, and I can assure you we know how to use such things. We have people here who would've been quite experienced in acquisitions. And so acquisitions...
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management, Inc.: Well, experienced, Nick, and actively looking and finding deals and putting the other deals, you haven't really proven the ability to do that. I mean, I haven't -- you haven't really done any. I mean, you could call CIT an acquisition, but you already knew the business. It was already -- you already managed it previously, so you kind of knew what you were getting there. I'm just wondering if you have the resources there and whether you're actively out in the marketplace looking, or whether this is just an exercise, if something comes along and somebody makes a phone call to you, that you'll respond to it?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I'm not actually -- I can assure you that we are -- we have the resources, and it has our attention. I'm not going to detail what we actually do, how we're approaching this, to you, certainly. But I can assure you that it's getting our attention.
Operator: And it appears that's all the time we have for questions today. I'd like to turn the conference back to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Augusta. For everyone, a replay of the call will be available later today at snap-on.com. We thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Snap-on. Have a good day. Bye.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Vice President of Investor Relations Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Aldo J. Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Alek B. Gasiel - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Inc. 2012 Third Quarter Results Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Jennifer, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review our third quarter 2012 results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick-off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we've provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of the slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. The slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everybody. As usual, I'll start today's call with highlights of the quarter's results. I'll provide my perspective on the operations and on our various markets around the world then Aldo will cover the financials in more detail. The results in the quarter were encouraging again. EPS of $1.26 and our organic sales increase of 4.6% from last year. Performance from our operating company or OpCo, as we call it, was strong with 13.5% operating margin. And as expected, Financial Services also had expanded profitability, growing its on-book portfolio. FinCo OI of $27.9 million was up from the $20.8 million of last year. And I believe that all of these are encouraging absolutes. As we highlighted on our release, there is a year-over-year comparison impact that results from the substantial movements in our share price in the third quarters of both last year and in this year. As a result of the related mark-to-market effects, this year, there was an unfavorable $4.4 million adjustment. Last year's third quarter included a favorable $7.8 million mark-to-market adjustment. Absent this $12.2 million unfavorable swing, our OpCo operating margin in the quarter increased 170 basis points from 2011 levels, an encouraging apples-to-apples rise. Now the sales increase in the quarter came against clear headwinds. Those gains generally represent a continuation of the same progress we've been registering over the past few periods. We're not really seeing much change in the overall market dynamics. Europe, for sure, remains tough. It's our most significant challenge and it has been for some time. And we also have other headwinds, I'll speak about those in a moment in the segment discussion. But when you operate in diverse geographies and markets, there will always be some challenges. Our strengths though, are more than overcoming those headwinds, with a clear focus on the 4 areas we've identified as being decisive for our future: building in emerging markets, extending into critical industries, enhancing the franchise network and expanding our presence in the repair garage. We're making progress in each of those areas and you can see it in the results. Along with the growth, you're also seeing improved performance that's being authored by what we call the Snap-on Value Creation Processes. We drive them every day: safety, quality, customer connection, Rapid Continuous Improvement or RCI, and innovation. These disciplines of improvement are a powerful set of tools. They are enabling our progress. And I do just want to touch a little deeper on 2 of the most important components of Snap-on Value Creation: innovation and customer connection. Snap-on was founded on innovation more than 90 years ago, and we've continued and expanded on that tradition through the decades. It's evident in our brands. Of course, in the Snap-on name, the symbol of pride for professionals but it also extends to brands like Bahco, the first in the world to offer adjustable wrenches and on our John Bean brand, a legacy rooted in the first wheel aligner. And that innovation is enabled by the significant advantage we have in customer connection with 4,800 franchisees around the world and the hundreds in our direct sales force, we reach into 600,000 repair shops in the U.S. and Europe and into countless workplaces of other types. And with that presence, we observe work and make it easier. You can see that innovation and customer connection coming together in the Wisconsin lab that we call Innovation Works. We use that facility to bring technicians in, our engineers and designers watch them work, get them engaged and we develop new products to make them more productive. It's an active place, it's had more than 12,000 visitors in last -- in 2.5 years since it's been opened -- and it's a great demonstration of customer connection and innovation in action, and it's driving results. You can see innovation supported by customer connection in our new offerings. Just recently, we launched several new products in our Power Tools line, like the extension of our successful CTS family of compact tools, with more power than ever before, new impacts and new drills. And also, our new pneumatic ratchet, the longest available for greater accessibility and the fastest for increased productivity. These were big contributors in the quarter. Innovation and customer connection also play out in the recognition that our products receive. Snap-on was just awarded 3 Top 20 tool awards by MOTOR Magazine for 2012. Almost at the same time, Professional Tool & Equipment News recognized an additional 2 Snap-on products, citing them for extraordinary innovation. We believe that these awards clearly demonstrate the success we're having in using our unique customer connection and turning those ideas into successful, new, innovative products. And as our results show, this does drive sales. Now let's have some discussion about the segments. In the Commercial & Industrial Group or C&I, organic sales in the quarter were up 4% from last year's level and the operating margin of 11.9% was up a strong 130 basis points. The story here is much the same as the second quarter, Europe being the biggest macro headwind had a significant impact on C&I by way of our European hand tool business, SNA Europe. That business was down mid-single digits in the quarter, with particular weakness in the South, in places like Spain, which is a big market for us. Outside of that operation, our progress in serving customers in critical industries and in the emerging markets of Asia, along with a particular strength in power tools as a result of those new products, were able to more than offset the SNA Europe impact. Speaking of Asia Pacific, we saw encouraging growth there again in the third quarter, high single-digits overall. We often speak of India and China, but at this quarter, Indonesia and Thailand deserve special mention. They performed quite well, contributing to the overall results. With respect to product, our undercar equipment and hand tool lineups led the growth in our Asian markets. And as I said in our last call -- but it's worth repeating -- undercar equipment is an important, high-visibility, high-value product line. It allows us to clearly showcase our advantage, and our advantage is in innovation. That's a feature of great importance in growing our position in Asia Pacific and it's working for us. Critical industries are already largely served -- are also largely served in the C&I group through our industrial division. And that operations has headwinds of its own, areas of restricted government spending like the military, which is weak due to troop withdrawals and the overall funding constraints. On the other hand, gains in serving customers in the critical aerospace and the natural resources sectors more than offset that military challenge. Actually, the overall industrial growth was one of the key factors in C&I posting a reasonable gain in spite of the European and military headwinds. Let's move to the Tools Group. Double-digit gains again, up 11.1% from last year, with an operating margin of 13%. I believe that kind of growth in the current environment clearly reflects the strength of our franchise network. It's evident in the detailed statistics we call franchisee health metrics. We monitor them closely and I'll tell you that franchisee sales and profits are up, route turnover is low and so are the delinquency rates at Snap-on Credit. And the strength and the enthusiasm in the network could be seen in the quarter when we held our Annual Franchisee Conference -- record attendance and orders. That event serves many purposes. It's part training session, part new-product and tools shows and part pep rally. It's a reunion of professionals where we get a good feeling for the business at the grass roots level. And discussions I had with franchisees were very positive, positive both on the current conditions and positive on their prospects for their future. An important part of our progress is that we're working closely, more closely than ever with our franchisees to improve their business. Consider that 4 of those 5 awards from MOTOR Magazine and Professional Tool & Equipment News enabled the tools group. Many our new power tools were developed specifically for automotive technicians. We have the traveling tool fair we call the Masters of Metal Tour, which I spoke of last quarter, and we are expanding our fleet of new Rock 'n Roll Cabs specifically -- specially outfitted trucks filled with tool storage units, aimed at driving those big-ticket sales. That effort helped drive increases for tool storage at rates well beyond the overall Tools Group growth. And those sales are also aided by our wholly-owned credit company. Snap-on Credit focuses precisely on supporting those big-ticket transactions and it's a real advantage for us and for our franchisees. We also have teams of people working to improve franchisees' productivity, finding ways to make their business easier, stronger and more profitable. All of these initiatives are coming together and it's clear that they're achieving ongoing gains. Now to Repair Systems & Information Group or RS&I. This is where we primarily serve automotive repair shop owners and managers. Organic sales in RS&I were up 2.7% and the operating margin of 22.3% expanded by 270 basis points. The relatively modest overall growth rate, I think, requires some explanation because the market dynamics across the different businesses vary quite a bit. Our strength in expanding our presence in the independent repair shops is clear but it's being muted somewhat by lower activity with the OEMs and by the impact of Europe. We do continue to see solid gains, high single digits in repair information and diagnostic units for the independent shop technicians, owners and managers. And we appear to be gaining position, driven by new products like Mitchell 1's ProDemand repair information software and also with an array of popular handheld diagnostic units. In fact, our SOLUS Ultra, a groundbreaking diagnostic unit, is one of the products that was just recognized by MOTOR Magazine. And we're keeping that momentum expanding and going. At this year's franchisee conference, we also launched the VERUS PRO, setting a new industry standard for top-of-the-line units, enhanced diagnostics capabilities, faster performance and a thinner design, and the reception has been strong. On the other hand, we continue to see lower activity with the automotive OEMs, especially in Europe. Last year, we had some fairly large European programs that are now winding down. That's the nature of that business and we believe the overall negative macroeconomics in Europe are creating reluctance by the OEMs to launch new programs, making for some weakness in this already uneven segment. Speaking of Europe, our RS&I does have a sizable presence in that region with undercar equipment. Now the past several quarters, I've mentioned the business being down in the mature markets of Western Europe, no surprise, given the troubled environment. And while that area was down again mid-single digits, our overall undercar business was up from last year's level, based on the growth in North America, in Russia and in Brazil. So the overall comparisons in the Undercar business were somewhat better than the past few quarters. And that's also been aided by new offerings. In fact, our John Bean Integrity Test Drive system was another one of the products recognized by the MOTOR Top 20. This is a unique system, and it highlights several of our capabilities from diagnostics to alignment that we brought together in the RS&I group. The Integrity performs a complete vehicle inspection in just minutes. It checks alignment, the battery, the brakes and the diagnostics code and it generates a condition report that helps greatly in communicating with the customer right in the shop. We're excited about this product and it's winning awards and it certainly does make the technician's work easier. Well, those are the highlights of the quarter. Organic sales gain of 4.6%, in our range of expected growth; OpCo margin increase of 170 basis points after adjusting for the impact of mark-to-market; FinCo continuing its profit increase and clear evidence of progress along our strategic runways for improvement and for growth. All in all, another encouraging quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo.
Aldo J. Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our third quarter consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales totaled $711.6 million, representing an organic sales increase of 4.6%. This increase included positive organic growth in each of our operating segments. Consolidated gross profit of $340.4 million increased $11.1 million from 2011 levels and gross margin of 47.8% improved 60 basis points from 47.2% last year, largely due to savings from RCI initiatives, including benefits from restructuring. Operating expenses of $244.2 million were up $9.2 million from last year. As a result of the increase in the quarter-end Snap-on stock price, operating expenses in the third quarter included an unfavorable $4.4 million of stock-based mark-to-market expense. Last year, you may recall, operating expenses in the third quarter were partially offset by $7.8 million of benefit from mark-to-market as a result of a decrease in the Q3 2011 quarter-end stock price. The operating expense margin of 34.3% in the quarter increased 60 basis points from 2011 levels, as favorable sales volume leverage was more than offset by the $12.2 million or 170 basis points of higher mark-to-market expense. Restructuring cost totaled $2.3 million in the quarter compared to $2.9 million last year. Operating earnings before Financial Services of $96.2 million increased $1.9 million year-over-year despite the $12.2 million of higher mark-to-market expense. As a percentage of sales, operating margin of 13.5%, including the adverse 170 basis points impact from higher mark-to-market expense, was unchanged from last year. Operating earnings from Financial Services of $27.9 million increased $7.1 million or 34.1% over prior year levels. Consolidated operating earnings of $124.1 million in the quarter increased $9 million over last year's levels, and the operating margin of 16.5% improved 70 basis points from 15.8% a year ago. Finally, third quarter net earnings of $74.1 million or $1.26 per diluted share compared to $67.8 million or $1.16 last year. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the Commercial & Industrial or C&I group on Slide 7. Third quarter sales of $280.4 million were up 4% organically from 2011 levels. This growth resulted primarily from mid to high single-digit sales increases in the businesses serving customers in critical industries and in the emerging markets of Asia, coupled with a double-digit increase in sales of Power Tools. These increases were partially offset by a mid-single-digit decline in our European-based hand tool business as a result of continued market weakness, particularly in Southern Europe. Gross profit totaled $103.7 million with gross margin of 37%, improving 10 basis points from last year. Operating expenses of $70.3 million decreased $2.9 million from 2011 levels and the operating expense margin of 25.1% improved 120 basis points from 2011 levels, primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage and RCI initiatives. As a result of these factors, third quarter operating earnings of $33.4 million for the C&I segment increased 12.8% from 2011 levels and the operating margin of 11.9% improved 130 basis points from 10.6% last year. Turning now to Slide 8. Third quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $308.8 million increased 11.1% organically, reflecting double-digit sales increases in both the company's U.S. and international franchise operations. Gross profit of $131.3 million increased $6.1 million from 2011 levels. Gross margin of 42.5% in the quarter declined 230 basis points from 44.8% last year, primarily due to increased promotional programs associated with sales gains, including expanded participation at this year's Annual Snap-on Franchisee Conference. Operating expenses totaled $91.1 million and the operating expense margin of 29.5% in the quarter improved 260 basis points from 32.1% last year, largely due to sales volume leverage. Operating earnings of $40.2 million in the quarter for the Snap-on Tools Group increased $4.6 million or 12.9% from last year's levels and the operating margin of 13% increased 30 basis points from 12.7% last year. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information or RS&I group shown on Slide 9. Third quarter sales of $222 million increased 2.7% organically, primarily due to a high single-digit increase in sales of diagnostics and Mitchell 1 repair information products and a mid single-digit increase in worldwide sales of equipment. These increases were partially offset by a mid single-digit decline in sales to OEM dealerships, particularly in Europe. Gross profit totaled $105.4 million, with gross margin of 47.5%, increasing 200 basis points from 45.5% last year. This improvement is primarily due to savings from ongoing RCI initiatives, as well as a more favorable sales mix that included higher sales of diagnostics and repair information products. Operating expenses totaled $55.9 million with the operating expense margin improving 70 basis points to 25.2%, reflecting sales volume leverage and contributions from RCI. Third quarter operating earnings of $49.5 million for the RS&I group increased $5.8 million or 13.3%. And the operating margin improved 270 basis points year-over-year to 22.3%. Now turning to Slide 10. Third quarter earnings from Financial Services increased $7.1 million, primarily due to the growth of the on-book finance portfolio. Originations of $179.6 million in the quarter rose 17.7%, reflecting both higher sales in our Snap-on Tools segment and increased participation in our credit programs. Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter-end balance sheet includes $1.06 billion of gross financing receivables, including $893 million from our U.S. Snap-on Credit operation and $169 million from our international finance subsidiaries. In the U.S., $714 million or 80% of the financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. Since the beginning of 2012, our on-book financing portfolio has grown approximately $128 million. Approximately $108 million of the expanded portfolio relates to the U.S., while $20 million is associated with our international finance subsidiaries, including $6 million of positive currency effect. For the remainder of the year, we anticipate that the worldwide finance portfolio will grow by an additional $20 million. Regarding finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now turning to Slide 12. Third quarter cash provided by operations of $69.7 million in 2012 increased $27.7 million from prior year levels and includes the effect of $16 million of additional third quarter discretionary cash contributions to our U.S. pension plans. This contribution is in addition to $26.7 million of discretionary contributions made earlier this year. Depending on market and other conditions, we may elect to make additional discretionary cash contributions to our U.S. pension plans. Capital expenditures totaled $19.7 million in the quarter and $59.5 million year-to-date. We anticipate full-year capital expenditures will be in the range of $75 million to $80 million, including the construction of a fourth factory at our Kunshan China location, which is expected to be completed by year end. As seen on Slide 13, days sales outstanding for trade receivables of 59 days compare to 58 days as of 2011 year end. Inventories increased $31 million from 2011 year-end levels, primarily to support continued higher demand largely in the United States. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.8x compare to 4.2x at 2011 year end. Our quarter end cash position of $176 million decreased $9.5 million from year-end levels, primarily due to the continued year-to-date funding of new loans originated by Snap-on Credit, U.S. pension contributions of $61 million, share repurchases of $61.8 million, capital expenditures of $59.5 million and dividend payments of $59.4 million. These year-to-date uses of cash were largely offset by cash generated from operations. Our net debt to cap ratio of 31.9% compares to 34.3% at 2011 year end. In addition to our $176 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities and our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper markets should we choose to do so. As of quarter end, no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities. This concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance. I'll now turn the call back over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, that's Snap-on's third quarter. Clear progress along our runways for growth and for improvement, overcoming the turbulence of Europe and the general economic uncertainty. Snap-on value creation is driving improvement. Our innovation and customer connection processes are combining to create product excitement and real customer value. And when combined with RCI, they enable progress. Adjusted for mark-to-market, OpCo OI margin rose significantly. And we are moving forward along our runways for growth, recording solid organic gains. Those results confirm that our efforts are paying off in each of the 4 areas we've identified as decisive for our future. Consider the quarter's performance, building in emerging markets -- we had strong gains in places like Thailand, Indonesia and Russia. Extending into critical industries -- we saw significant growth in sectors like aerospace and natural resources, overcoming the challenges in the military and offsetting the weaknesses of Europe. Expanding in the repair garage -- diagnostics and repair information up strongly in independent garages, more than balancing the unevenness in the activity with the OEMs. And undercar equipment sales in Russia and in Brazil and in North America, overcoming the ongoing challenges due to the European macros. Enhancing the franchise network, double-digit gains in the U.S. for the ninth straight quarter. An enthusiastic network that showed up in greater numbers than ever before at our Annual Franchise Conference, celebrating their success, while training to further improve their businesses. That's thousands of small business owners, energetic, invested and optimistic. Optimistic about their place on the Snap-on runway for growth. Yes, there are challenges but just like past periods, Snap-on's progress in the areas of opportunity have overcome the difficulties and achieved a favorable balance. And because of that, we are encouraged and clearly confident. Encouraged by the ongoing results and confident of our possibilities for growth and improvement as we move forward. Before I close, I want to recognize our associates and franchisees. Many of you, I know, are listening. I know that third quarter results and the favorable trends reflect your effort, your capability and your commitment to our team. For all of that, you have my congratulations and you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to start on the Snap-on Tool business, in particular, international. You have got a great track record under your belt here in the U.S. with the performance there. That double-digit gain in the international breaks the trend there of low single-digits for a long time. Can you talk about what specifically on the international side has changed that and whether that's something that is sustainable going forward?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: We think it is. Well, I don't know. Double digits I -- even though we've had a run of double-digits, David, I think I've been pretty consistent on these calls to say I'm not sure that kind of -- I would say, stratospheric -- growth can continue, but I think the strength in those places are pretty solid. The U.K. has improved substantially in the last, I would say, over the last couple of quarters and that is driving this. We've made great strides forward in terms of improving our product line and our relationship -- productivity with our franchisees there. Australia has been contributing quite well. And Canada has been very strong. We've actually spent a lot of time and a lot of focus, maybe off-camera a little bit, focusing on those areas and what you're seeing is the result of that focus, doing the same kinds of things adjusted for the -- that we did in the United States -- adjusted for the local market. So it’s a sum of Canada, U.K. and Australia all doing better.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: On the U.S. side, in terms of the sustainability, the track record you put there, could you characterize at all? I mean obviously market share is a piece of that, but between market share, kind of deeper market penetration areas you haven't been, the product offering, can you put those into buckets of the contribution to that great performance in the U.S. at all?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. I don't think I can actually. But there clearly are 2 elements of it. One is we are, because of our new ways of marketing, able to sell more to the same customers. I think the idea of the traveling -- the idea of the Rock 'n Roll Cab Express, and I think we're at the end of the quarter, we're at 28, we're going to go upwards almost -- we're going to expand that quite a bit going forward and -- because they've been so successful. So that's clearly a kind of wrinkle on the Van business in allowing us to sell more to pretty much our existing customers. Then on top of that, as I've said often, we are calling on more customers because our vans are becoming more productive and our product line is becoming wider and appealing to them. I can't put those into buckets. And I hate to talk market share because it's a very imprecise exercise when you're talking about tools and you start to have such a wide universe of possible products, it's very difficult to describe. I do think though, we're making great gains in the Tools group now. It's clear, after 9 quarters of double-digits, the Tools Group team has got this businesses, which is one of the world's great businesses, I think. That team has got this business resonating.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: [indiscernible] with the Rock 'n Roll Cab Express, do you think you're getting folks to buy more products than they normally do buy or are they buying it at Snap-on instead of at Sears or Lowe's?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think there's both of those things. I think we think they're buying it from us as opposed to possibly, other places. But there's both of those things. I mean, David, as you know, it's like a new car purchase. All of a sudden, we now have showrooms in the field as opposed to catalogs. And so that's generally it. You were buying the thing, they were buying the thing from more or less from a catalog and now, they have showrooms. And you can think about how that excites people and it wins customers and it also accelerates the buy from some people. I mean, I think that some people probably are buying toolboxes, already have Snap-on toolboxes, they see a new one, they say boy, I can't live without that one, I'm going to have it. And then the other people were competitors and they see what the quality offerings we have. And we believe we have some really great offerings that are superior to the competitors based on innovation and they're coming over to our side. But I can't tell you how much -- which is which.
Operator: We'll go next to David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Just while we are on the topic of storage, with that organic growth of 11.1%, how much of that was storage?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Well, I don't like to talk about that, but -- to give those numbers, but -- in that detail -- but I will tell you that the tools storage product line grew substantially higher than the 11% of the U.S. business or the overall tools business -- if it gives you any view.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: And is there any way for us to think about that? I mean, you talked about 28 showrooms that I guess, we can call them and you're going to growth that. At what rate does that grow and how does the productivity from that grow?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't know. I mean, that will be too precise for -- I'm not smart enough to say that, I think. I think it's like this, I believe that every one we add gets more sales. At least as far as we can see now, that's why we're doing this, that's why we're doing it. But, but, but we'll keep doing it until we see diminishing returns, I believe. So far, we haven't seen anything in the way of diminishing returns.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: That makes sense. Well, congratulations on the success of that program. You talked in the C&I business about pricing being up mids to high single digits. I was just wondering, my guess is probably not a lot that was in Europe, although maybe I'm wrong, but can you just help us understand how that experience might have played out over critical industries versus emerging markets?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Say that again. You mean...
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: The pricing in the C&I, you said was up mid to high single digits, I'm just wondering across those 3 businesses -- my guess is there's not a lot in Europe, but maybe I'm wrong on that. But can you talk about pricing, critical industries versus emerging markets?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Sales were up. Sales were up mid single-digits. That's a component of our emerging market growth. Emerging markets are now about 10% of our business and critical industries are a significant piece of that. I'd say that -- let me see if I can help in this way. The C&I Group grew at about 4%, the emerging markets, which is about 10% of our total business, which is mostly in C&I grew close to double digits.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Maybe I could follow up with you offline on that. Then on the RS&I business, you said there was a high single-digit increase in the diagnostics and Mitchell 1 business, I know you've got a lot of innovation and new product in that business right now. Was there anything there last quarter or is this all just sort of emerging...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually let's -- for government work, the RS&I business looks sort of the same as last quarter in mix. Mitchell 1, the Repair Systems & Information business was up sort of right close to double digits. In fact, I think it was just over the double-digit boundary and that's the Repair Information business driven by what I call ProDemand repair information software. It's a new offering which has more information and the navigation is much simpler than anybody else's anymore. So it's a very attractive offering, combining state-of-the-art navigation with the best database available and people are lining up to subscribe to that. So that business has been growing pretty well and the diagnostic business -- and that happened last quarter, too, happened last quarter.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Nick, does it accelerate into the fourth quarter?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Accelerate, I don't know. But I think we feel encouraged by our prospects there. I think we feel positive about our position looking at independent garages. The diagnostics business, I was going to say that's the handheld, the software, the hardware and software business, the laptops for cars grew at mid or high single digits. And those have been the same for a couple of quarters, give or take, a few basis points. So I don't know, I mean, we don't really give guidance but we feel good about our position.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: That sounds great. And the last question, just on the tools business, aside from the storage business, I was just wondering if you could talk about trends and big-ticket sales off the truck?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Looks okay. I think it looks okay. I mean, that's one of the things we always watch. So I suppose the operative question is this, is that, are you seeing downturn in big-ticket which would precursor maybe a cooling off of everything? And I don't think we do. Now you might say well, do you have visibility because you've got this new marketing program and are you able to pierce the veil of the marketing program to see what's actually happening in what I call just a pre-demand type activity in the marketplace? And I think we can and I don't think we see a downturn.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Wherley with Janney Capital Markets.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Obviously, the Tools Group has been very strong for many quarters now, and I'm just wondering do you -- when you're looking forward 1 quarter, 2 quarters, 3 quarters, when do you feel like there might be some tough comps that are going to be difficult for your business to sort of keep the growth going? I mean, not that it's going to grow at double digits, but might it flatten out altogether if you run into tough comps?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, look, I think we've said in many forums that we expect to grow as a corporation, 4% to 6% organically. I didn't mean by that, that we would do it every quarter, although we have been able to do it most quarters. I think probably, almost all quarters -- but we feel confident of our ability to keep growing at that rate. I'm not saying we'll do it every quarter, I mean, that's not what I mean. But I mean, if you're talking about the trend, we feel okay about that. Yes, the comps get tougher, but they got tougher last year and the year before that and the year before that. So I don't think we're so worried about that. Now it's a challenge, but we're not wringing our hands over it.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. What about the -- just sort of thinking about it this way, just to be devil's advocate. If you're talking about selling more to the same customers and you're talking about this Rock 'n Roll Cab Express that's selling big-ticket items, that maybe some of these wouldn't have bought if this Cab Express didn't roll into their garage. I'm wondering now, at what point does selling more to the same people lead to a smaller wallet in the future?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I mean, well, I don't think it leads to a smaller wallet but it might lead to people who have used up their capacity to, you might say, it's led to their people -- people to use up their capacity to buy. I don't think we've seen the bottom of that yet. I don't think we believe we've seen the bottom of that yet. But it's a reasonable point, as you lay out over distance, but what you have there is a couple of things. First is, is underlining this business, repair is a good solid business. Every quarter for a number of quarters, the household spending on automotive repair has been up. So the underlying demand is good. By the way, that's in independent shops and so our core customer is growing and getting more business, that's number 1. Number 2 is we keep -- the cars keep changing, we keep changing the products, they can see ways -- I was just out on a van on Monday, I was out on a van on Monday and you can see these guys talk to you. They say, gee could you get me -- it's like customer connection. You go there and they say, I need a special tool to help me pull this engine so I can do some work on it because this particular vehicle has some particular geometry, and if I do that, I can make more money. So part of the key here is every time they pay, every time they give us money, they make more money. So the more they spend with us, the better they -- the more money they make. So there's a kind of offset to the idea of the wallet reaches an end, that's 1. And not just from attenuation [ph] but 2, we have said that there are customers out there that we don't call on. Maybe they were Matco customers for a time, maybe they were Mac customers, maybe they were geographically undesirable, maybe they were in places that weren't target-rich and because we have more productivity and a wider product line, we are going to them and that's going on here too. So I'm optimistic about the Tools Group possibilities. Now, I'm not here to sign up for continuous double-digit growth though, in the Tools Group. I think I said, I'm signing up for 4% to 6% for the total corporation over time. We feel confident about this.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: But do you think the Tools Group can sustain something higher than what you've said? Can it sustain 5% to 6% on its own?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: They're starting to make me look dumb, aren't they? But I still say I like our other businesses. I like the opportunities of C&I to grow at the high end of that. I like RS&I, we're seeing a particular time when they are muted by Europe, 33% of C&I is in Europe, 17% of it is in Southern Europe. All right? And it's still growing at 4%. 25% of RS&I is in Europe and we got the OEMs kind of nervous and so we got this lumpy business. So I see the opportunities of those businesses to grow.
Operator: We'll go next to Richard Hilgert with MorningStar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions here on my end. In the European market, obviously, the U.K., new car sales are doing pretty well there. I would imagine that they're not experiencing some of the economic issues that the mainland Europe is experiencing, aftermarket probably isn't doing quite as bad there either and so I was wondering if you could kind of compare and contrast between the two. And also, in Europe, it seems to me like the European downturn is harsh enough that we're going to see consumers postponing aftermarket repairs for quite some time. And I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about the correlation between when we start -- when should we start to see the aftermarket coming back, when people would start making repairs again versus when you see new-car sales start to improve coming out of an economic trough?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It's tough. But I'll say this. For my money, for my money, there's no correlation between new car sales and our business. We don't see that, really. I think, to the extent that new car -- I suppose you could say that to the extent new car sales go down, we may see a slight burst. But generally, the thing is, in the U.K., as in the United States, what are new cars sales in the United States? This year they're forecasted at 15.2 million or something like that, well there's -- North America, rather. There are 300 million vehicles on the road. So new car sales are kind of like a blip in the after -- I think driving our aftermarket business anyway. So we don't really see it that way. It is true though, you are right though, that the U.K. is a stronger market. We found it to be uniformly for all our businesses and this is businesses both in automotive repair and critical industries, to be a better market for us than the rest of the -- than the continent, for sure. And so, we were kind of cautiously positive about that view. And I don't know if that continues or not, I think part of it is that people in the U.K. -- I think people don't necessarily postpone repair, I think they postpone new purchases. So I don't really see a downturn in repair there so much. Now remember, in Europe, our businesses are broader-based than in the United States so we have less of the business in automotive repair and more in the industrial and other places like agriculture. So we're more broadly based in terms of vertical industries in Europe. So you got to take that into account. Now, if you say the rest of Europe and when is it going to recover and when are people going to start spending again? I'd give you two thoughts, I think the South -- in fact, I'll just say traditional Europe, Western Europe, I'm not making any predictions. On one of these calls, I said once that Spain, I thought, had hit the bottom. Well, that was wrong and that was like 2 years ago. So I don't think anybody can actually predict this. All we can say for sure is our base customer base. Our base customer base seems to be intact so we believe it comes back. Now if you talk about the periphery of Europe, if you talk about Eastern Europe, you talk about Turkey, you talk about Maghreb countries, those businesses by and large, they have their ups and downs in every quarter, by and large, they've been pretty good for us. I don't know if that helps you any but I get -- in summary, I think the U.K. is okay and reasonable. I think nobody knows what's going to happen in Continental Europe, and I think the periphery is pretty good.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just the follow-on to an earlier question about the same size wallet, putting out more for additional tools. It seems to me like part of that, that you have to figure into that equation is the advancement of technology over time. For example, Nissan is talking about launching within the next year, Drive-by-Wire in its Infiniti brand. This is going to the first mass-produced use of this technology and that means that the tools and the diagnostics and things that are going to be needed to work on that kind of thing in the garage are going to have to change and you're going to have to come out with new tools. So it seems to me like the kudos that you're getting from the industry magazines all the time and industry studies being done and the drive from the innovation that you do is part of getting that additional amount for the same set of garages that you're already in. You mentioned also earlier in the call, how you have the research that you do there in Wisconsin where you're bringing in people and you're observing them working on vehicles, do you do that kind of thing and is the innovation is as strong over the European market because obviously, you've got a different product set over there that you have to deal with versus what's here in the States.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, we do it in Europe and in places but the landscape in Europe, for example, our share of automotive repair is much larger in the U.K. than it is say, Germany or say, Sweden. So we do it. If you're talking about the garage and our observation in the garage, U.K., that model is pretty good, but we don't have a center like we do here. But let me offer this, is that the big customer connection flow, the information flow is not really in Innovation Works. Innovation Works is where we brought observations together with product design closer than ever before. But the by and large -- the blocking and tackling of innovation and customer connection, is every day when the franchisees and our salesmen go into garages and factories and repair facilities and see how things are working, that's how it happens, more than just having it here. And we have that in U.K. Now, what you said about innovation and change, this is our bread and butter because if you think about it, just think about hand tools, we guarantee hand tools for life. So if we didn't have -- if there weren't requirements, different requirements, we wouldn't have a business. So for 9 decades, we've been staying -- we've been having a business based on just the very kind of innovation you described. Nissan changes their cars, we got the best tools.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Great. Last area I wanted to talk a little bit about was credit and I was wondering if, first of all, if you could give a little bit more details on the increase in delinquencies, is that Europe and because of the economic conditions over there or something else causing that? And was also curious is how do you handle the differences between -- credit is a very legislated industry and you've got some major differences now between the U.S. and Europe and how do you look at the policies for the 2? How are they distinguished? And in the U.S., with the consumer protection agency now getting really ramped up into more full activity, is there anything coming along there on the credit side that you're going to have to look at when it comes in terms of your policies for setting credit out in the field?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Richard, Aldo here. Let me just jump in and take -- I'll take the easier one of your questions first and that's -- let's talk about delinquencies. Actually the delinquency trends have a seasonal element to them and they're tracking right where we expect them to be in a favorable manner. They will tend to run up slightly up until after the Christmas holidays and when people start getting their tax refunds back in March -- I'm not making this up, you'll see that we usually get a trend that starts to go in other direction. So the trends, if you look back over prior years, it's fairly consistent with our expectations. So if you go back to the quarter Q3 of last year, they were exactly 1.4% as well. So that's a good point. Your questions regarding compliance, sure. Watching compliance is a complicated area and we keep our eyes open but I want to remind you, we are commercial lenders and we strive to be interpreted as such under whether they be state regulations, a U.S. government regulations or are the same in other fields of -- other country operations. And again, there's always new compliance, rules and regulations on the horizon. We do our best to stay abreast of that. We feel we do a good job of complying with that. Should we add some incremental expenses to deal with that, we go with -- we pay that as we go. So we feel pretty comfortable that yes, it's an area that will continue to see more regulation and we're prepared to deal with it accordingly as it comes up.
Operator: We'll go next to Alek Gasiel from Barrington Research.
Alek B. Gasiel - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of things. Gary -- I'm sitting in for Gary, but kind of getting back to the whole promotional thing in the Tool group, are you able to actually substitute that for the under -- for areas that the van are under-penetrated in? Or is that...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, that's not -- I don't think that really is how it happens. One of the things, we did have more promotions in the quarter in the Tools group, but one of the things that -- one base knowledge that's useful, I think, in this is every month, every week, in fact, we have promotions throughout the Tools group. It's part and parcel with the activity there. It's kind of an excitement builder that rolls through. And so fundamentally, what happened in the Tools group is basically, we're more active in promotions in the quarter. Some of that had to do with the SFC, the Franchisee Conference, where it's kind of the most exciting promotions are sometimes there. We had more people at the Franchisee Conference than ever before, the take-up rate was high and the promotions we offered there, and so that tended to drive some of that increase. That's really it. Those weren't aimed at reaching out to other new technicians or anything like that. The reaching out is more a productivity issue, actually.
Alek B. Gasiel - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Are you seeing an increase of people wanting to sign up to be franchisees now?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think we are but we're being very selective. We're not looking to increase the franchise. I mean, you will see the odd franchise, I think we probably went up 1 or 2 vans this quarter and so that happens. We're being very selective and we're happy with the people we're getting. What we're trying to do is make sure -- try to make sure we can anticipate who wants to retire and match up a person in that jurisdiction at that time. That's really the trick now, is to reduce the time to open. We eventually get a guy, but we want to reduce the time. And so, you can appreciate if somebody wants to -- if the franchisee in Tuscaloosa, Alabama wants to retire, you got to have a guy in Tuscaloosa. A guy in Des Moines doesn't help you and so we're working on that now.
Alek B. Gasiel - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And you commented about the muted OEM dealers particularly in Europe. I wonder if you could provide any color on North America. What are you seeing...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: What I meant by that, if I said OEM dealers, I didn't mean that. I meant OEM manufacturers. What happens is, is that in that particular business, the OEM manufacturers decide to commission an essential tool, often like a special diagnostic unit, a laptop for cars, say Toyota might do it or Honda, or somebody like that, that might say make this diagnostic unit for just my vehicle and distribute it through my dealerships. And they'll have programs that they author and the program might last 8 months, 9 months, a year or something like that where they say they are going to roll these out. And then once it's rolled out, it's over. And then you wait -- you have to get another program to continue the business and we have a series of programs. All we were saying was, is that the programs in Europe are running out and the European OEMs, we believe, are a little bit keeping their powder dry, looking at the economics. Even though new car sales are not so down in Europe, I think they're down about 8% -- but still, I think they're being very careful. And so that's what we're seeing in Europe. In the United States, we're seeing less of that, but it's down slightly, down slightly. And I think that's partially because new car sales aren't bad, but the sort of economic uncertainty, the fiscal uncertainty is dominating whether you want to invest in a long-term program like that.
Alek B. Gasiel - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then, I keep reading about the headline risk and the softness reporting in China. Does that have any impact on you?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, it can from time-to-time. I mean, we sell into factories, factories are closing down and we sell some into factories. It can from time to time, but we have some offsets to that -- we sell into Repair and the Repair business moves up. So I think our direct linkage to that is unclear and kind of nebulous. GDP was down, I think it was 7.8% but if you looked at power consumption in China, the Industrial business, the industrial consumption of power was down but the consumer consumption was up. So that kind of says that well, the industrial sector is weakening, but the consumers are rolling up and in that balance, I'm not sure how that would affect us really. The big thing is China is a great opportunity for us and we keep building physicals there.
Alek B. Gasiel - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: One last question. And I know you provided already some color on this. Just on Europe, what is their -- what are you hearing in some of the attitudes from the people you talk to there? And, I mean, just kind of looking at certain pockets of areas, I mean, are Scandinavian countries still holding up or I know...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: You know, look -- sorry, go ahead, keep going.
Alek B. Gasiel - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: And I was just going to say I think you commented that Western Europe was down single digits, right?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. I would characterize it like this. Of course, the South, Spain and Portugal and those places and Italy and so on, know they are in bigger trouble -- and Greece. They know they've got problems. So when you talk to people, whether your customers -- and our customers are businessmen in most -- by and large, either small or large. And our people, they're very, very, I would say, muted. But they have confidence that they're going to muddle through, they're going to get through this. If you talk to people in what I'll call the other areas of Europe like the U.K. or Scandinavia or France or Germany, they're more positive. They just view this as hey, this is a bump in the road, we're going to batten down the hatches and we're going to go forward. I think our view of -- I think if you read the U.S. papers and you look at Europe, you get more alarmed about the long-term than the impression you get when you walk the grassroots path in Europe. Now I'm not sure who's right, to tell you the truth but you don't get -- I would say, you don't get, I would say, fatalism in Europe. Our people, our customers believe the world's coming back and we believe they're coming back with us.
Operator: We'll go next to David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just a couple of quick follow-ups here. I hope [indiscernible] On RS&I, Nick, on this OEM dealer business, what's the scale of that these days? How important...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't know. But by and large, the OEM facing business, the pure OEM facing business is about 1/3 of the business. There are types of the segment -- sorry, the segment, yes. Sorry I misspoke. It's roughly like this, David, the OEM facing business is 1/3, the independent facing business is 1/3, and equipment, which plays in both territories is another 1/3.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And is that -- given the lumpiness of that business, are those returns such that, that's a space you want to stay in or not?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, the business can be lucrative for us when it's rolling. It is lumpy, but it's not unprofitable now for us. It's just less profitable than the other ones. And one thing that comes through, we like being at least, some of our business, close to the OEMs because we believe it informs us about what's going on for forward thinking around innovation and what's coming in the OEM's product lines. We believe that [indiscernible] something to us.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then on the power tools side, how much -- do you have any sense of the tools your franchisees sell off the truck? How many of those tools are your tools versus somebody else's and if there's still an opportunity for you to penetrate that deeper?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't have hard numbers for you but I believe now, a huge share of the tools, the power tools we sell off the truck are Snap-on. I believe, a huge share.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And how important has that been to driving it as opposed to end markets or products or other elements?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It wasn't a factor in this quarter. But over time, I can't tell, but not that significantly. When I'm talking about over time, I'm talking about back when I was in C&I, we used to talk about bringing it home, and that now, we're talking what? 2003, 2002, 2004, we used to be -- I ran the business that had power tools in it. We used to talk about gee, we need to get our franchisees confident in our tools so they won't sell other people's, and we did. And that happened gradually over that time.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then the last item here as we look at the balance sheet, the manufacturing company here is essentially debt-free. The asset base on the credit company has been rebuilt back to where you wanted it to be. With this cash flow you generate now, what are the priorities for that going forward?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Priorities are first, organic growth and we had some pretty good organic growth in some places, dividends and acquisitions and offsetting dilution. Those are the 4 priorities.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And in the organic growth, I mean, the business is essentially self-funding I mean, you throw off more money than you generate there...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, we're starting to, for sure, yes. I mean, I think you'd be fair to say that we'd start to build up some cash sort of next year, towards the end of next year sometime. And we can put that cash to work.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then on the dividend, you're paying about 25% of your earnings. Are you implying that, that number can go -- I mean once upon a time, you're paying out almost half of your earnings.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, but that was because our earnings were lower. I think the denominator was changed. I think, look, we don't have a set number as a percentage. Our unifying principle around dividends is that we have paid the dividend every year, every quarter since 1939 and we have never reduced it, and that's it. And so every quarter, we assess whether we want to bring our dividend upwards and that's basically what we do.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then lastly on the acquisitions, you haven't really made anything significant since the Business Solutions business. What are your priorities or where your focus areas in terms of acquisitions?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Okay, first, may I simply say though, before I say that is that I kind of view the credit company as a pretty big acquisition. If we had goofed it up, people would've been talking about integration and things like that. So I think it was a kind of acquisition in a way. But look, here's our priorities: we would do -- we will acquire anything along the 4 decisive strategic runways for growth, enhance the network if we acquire anything in that way. Now it's not so clear there would be things there but we would do. And then emerging markets, positions in emerging markets, more strength in the repair shop owners and managers and that customer base or more gravitas in critical industries. Those would be our priorities. And I don't mean in any particular order there. I just think those are -- we'd be looking at all of those areas.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And understanding that timing of those things can be challenging, is that something that's 3 years from now, you hope to be able to execute on some of those or is it -- if something comes along it comes along?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think we believe there's opportunities. We believe we're coming out from under the credit company, we believe we turn the cash on other things. I mean, I think it's timed by the credit company coming out of getting fulfilled. And so that's when we start looking at that. I think I've been saying this to other people for a while. But I think as I said, sort of next year, we're starting to get in that situation where we're looking very aggressively at these kinds of things. And we -- most us have quite a bit of experience integrating and acquiring companies. So I don't think we have any trepidation about doing any of this stuff.
Operator: Thank you. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to your host, Leslie Kratcoski.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks for joining us, everyone. A replay of the call will be available shortly on snapon.com. And as always, we appreciate your interest. Thanks very much.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Vice President of Investor Relations Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Aldo J. Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management, Inc. Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Snap-on Inc. 2012 Second Quarter Results Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Rica, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's second quarter 2012 results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick-off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, today's discussion and presentation include reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude an $18 million arbitration settlement gain recorded in the second quarter of last year. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning and to the slides accompanying this webcast for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to those most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everybody. As we normally do on these calls, I'll begin with some of the highlights of our second quarter and I'll provide my perspective on the business and on the various markets in which we operate. Then I'll turn the call over to Aldo for a detailed review of the financials. I will say that we were encouraged by the results. EPS of $1.30 represents a rise of 14% from last year's comparable $1.14. Organic sales were up 4.5% despite the clear headwinds of Europe. The OpCo operating margin of 14.2% increased 60 basis points, overcoming an $8.3 million in higher restructuring charges. And Financial Services added $25.6 million in operating earnings, up from a comparable $17.5 million in 2011. I'll remind you that in the second quarter of last year, we resolved the dispute with our former Financial Services joint venture partner and recorded at that time a one-time $18 million pretax arbitration settlement gain. That settlement was worth $0.19 a share. And given the nature of the item, I've excluded it, as we believe it's appropriate from the FinCo earnings and the EPS comparisons I just referenced. On balance though, the quarter was another positive point, extending an encouraging growth trend. That continuing trend demonstrates significant progress along our clearly defined runways for growth. Extending into critical industries, building in emerging markets, enhancing the franchise network and expanding in vehicle repair shops. And the operating margin expansion is a reflection of our Snap-on Value Creation Processes at work. As I said before, these are a crucial set of principles that we apply every day. A focus on safety, on quality, customer connection, Rapid Continuous Improvement or RCI and on innovation. It's a powerful framework and it is helping to fuel our results. I mentioned that the OpCo operating margin expanded by 60 basis points from last year, but I'll also point out that this year's restructuring charge in the second quarter included $6.8 million for the settlement of a pension plan related to our Canadian tools storage facility, which we closed last year. But for that item, the margin expansion would have been 150 basis points. That increased profitability is a strong testimony that the positive contributions of Snap-on value creation. Now regarding sales growth. The numbers appeared to validate that we are building advantage in each of the 4 areas we've identified as being decisive for our future. Critical industries where the penalty for failure is high. Another double-digit gain for our industrial division, with the growth rate in the aerospace sector leading the way. Emerging markets. In addition to strong double-digit gains in China, as you probably would expect, we also saw a particularly large uplifts in places like Indonesia and Russia. The franchise channel what we call auto mechanics or auto technicians, volume is up 10% in the quarter with strong operating margin. And finally, in vehicle repair shops, we saw growth in categories that are quite important to those shop owners and managers. Sales in the RS&I business that provide diagnostic units, repair information and shop management systems were up high single digits. So we're clearly progressing along each of our runways for growth. That said, Europe remains a major headwind, no surprise to anybody I guess. The macro -- and the macroeconomic environment in Europe -- but the macroeconomic environment in Europe is muting the progress being achieved in other arenas. As in the first quarter, the mature markets in Europe were down from last year, but we're somewhat encouraged that despite the general news, the comparison hasn't gotten any worse since the last quarter. Overall, Europe remains a mixed story. The core mature markets are down similar to last quarter and the emerging east, especially Russia, continues to expand robustly. It helps to offset the larger declines in the South. So Europe remains a challenge. But for us, it's been that way for some time and on balance we've been able to navigate the turbulence and register encouraging results overall. Now let's have some of the highlights for each of the segments. The C&I group. The C&I group grew organically by 5.1%. This is a group of businesses where we have much of our focus on emerging markets and on serving customers in critical industries, and there was strong progress in each of those runways. Our Asian operation and our industrial division, the bellwether of our critical industry activity, both registered double-digit increases versus last year. But the C&I group besides being the home of our critical industries and our emerging market efforts is also the home of SNA Europe and the ongoing challenges of that particular geography. That means the overall C&I growth was achieved while more than offsetting -- that growth was achieved by more than offsetting the turbulence of Europe. Now the operating margin in the C&I segment was 11.6%, up from 10.4% last year. And this year's results at 11.6%, includes $3.2 million in restructuring, substantially greater than the $0.5 million we spent last year. Given that C&I is where we have our largest European footprint, the results are encouraging. The Snap-on Value Creation Processes are driving improvements and our growth runways are yielding results. In the industrial division, the critical industry center, we have solid gains in serving natural resource customers. We also had strong growth in aerospace and aviation. It was a highlight of the quarter. So I'll offer some color on that sector. Aviation certainly fits the definition of a critical industry. And in that way, our automated net area -- our Automated Tool Control unit, ATC, continues to be an important product that raises -- that has raised Snap-on's profile. Each quarter, this high-tech package, which improves productivity, along with asset control, is showing up on more flightlines. We're seeing it in more repair maintenance and overhaul operations and in more aircraft mechanic training facilities. Coupled with our expanding tool offering, we're filling those smart boxes with a wide array of Snap-on products and fueling industrial division growth. Another example of focus on aviation customers is during the quarter, we began serving with far greater intensity, the airline maintenances -- the largest airline maintenance facility in the United States. A location that employs over 4,000 technicians. They wanted Snap-on there full-time, and we accommodated. So focus, product and presence. We're expanding each in the critical industries and it's paying off. One final note on aviation. It's an area that's importantly driving international expansion for Snap-on, helping to offset some of the European impacts. In fact, our international rise in the industrial division actually outpaced the growth in the U.S. More and more, we're selling expanded toolkits around the globe to airlines, to aircraft manufacturers and in support of military F15 and F35 fighter fleets. Now speaking of international expansion in Asia, our new Undercar products, designed specifically for customers in that region, help drive the double-digit growth of our Asia-Pacific operation. This high visibility, high-value product category is particularly important in emerging markets. And in both India and China, we saw growth rates for our undercar equipment that substantially exceeded our overall growth rates for those countries. As the repair wave rises in Asia, we were particularly well-positioned and aligner sales are a testimony to that effect. Moving to the Tools Group. Volumes were up strongly in the second quarter, rising 10% above last year's level. The operating margin of 13.7% compares to 15.5% last year. Now remember, this year's results do include $6.8 million of restructuring charges for the pension settlement related to last year's facilities closure. Without that charge, the margin this year would have been 15.8%. I believe that these overall numbers speak to the absolute strength of the van channel and to the trends that continue to be positive. We believe, we believe strongly that enhancing the Van network is an important runway for Snap-on. One way we're doing that is with innovative new marketing campaign, generating excitement with mechanic customers. In the second quarter, we launched what we call our Masters of Metal Tour. It's a traveling caravan that offers -- it offers an outstanding opportunity for new as well as already committed customers to experience firsthand Snap-on's latest innovations and our hottest tool offering. That customized the mobile showcase celebrates automotive technician as masters of their trade, and Snap-on factory associates as masters of their craft. It features state-of-the-art touch screen technology and it gives attendees the opportunity to see just how Snap-on innovative products are designed and are engineered. Each tour is also paired with an especially equipped truck that we call the rock 'n roll cab. It's loaded with a large range of tool storage product that allows those big ticket products, big ticket boxes to be presented with a visibility and a variety that's not possible on a typical franchisee van. When the Snap-on tour comes to town, it really is quite an event. Generally taking on a party like atmosphere. Oftentimes it coincides with a car show or a fund raiser for a worthy cause and the local franchisees gather their vans right alongside that mobile tour to demonstrate and sell their tools and all this serves to generate significant brand exposure for Snap-on. It's been one of the drivers behind our robust tools group growth this quarter. One of the innovative products that -- it's got a number of products on this tour, but one of innovative products highlighted on that tour is our new line of quick release ratchets. They incorporate our unique dual 80 technology, along with a locking feature that holds the socket in place when needed and a push button for easy removal. That's a clear productivity enhancer. But in the past, these types of ratchets were considered to be not as durable as traditional tools. Well, Snap-on engineering has made the new ratchets, almost 30% stronger than the competition. We believe that the best such product on the market and the reception seems to confirm just that. I've often talk about big-ticket sales in this conference -- in these calls. Big-ticket items in the Tools Group in particular, higher dollar purchases of diagnostics and tool storage units. These purchases represent a larger commitment and therefore, they serve as a barometer of customer's financial well-being as well as their confidence. While sales of big-ticket units -- items remain at robust levels, in fact tools storage sales have been particularly strong as a result of the rock 'n roll cab. Not only are these cabs traveling with the Masters of Metal Tour, we also have a small fleet of them, operating singly, accompanying individual franchisees to repair shop location, calling on technicians with unique mobile showrooms. I'll tell you, when these cabs go into a franchise route, they drive tools storage sales and you can see that in the Tools Group second quarter numbers. So that's some of the highlights of the Tools Group. Now on to the Repair System & Information or RS&I Group. This is where we server primarily garage owners and managers, and we're expanding Snap-on's presence throughout the vehicle repair shop. Sales in RS&I were up only slightly, 0.2% from last year. RS&I does have a large undercar equipment business in Europe that was down, reflecting the overall macros. Upside of Europe, for both the overall RS&I group and for the undercar equipment business, the gains were mid-single digits. So I think it's fair to say that the group is moving forward, but that progress is masked by the European turbulence. Now operating margin. Operating margin for RS&I rose strongly to 23%, up substantially from 20.9% last year. That increase was driven by growth, high single digits in the higher-margin businesses. The operations that provide, as I said before, diagnostics, repair information, shop management systems to the independent garages, all places where Snap-on has great products and strong position. Speaking of independent shops, last quarter I mentioned the launch of our new Mitchell 1 repair information products. We call it ProDemand. I'll give you a quick update. This new software enhances technician productivity. It offers faster and more accurate searches, and improved access to other online data like wiring diagrams and technical service bulletins. It's been a big hit. Customer enthusiasm is apparent and we're expanding our position as a result, that's one of the reasons why we're seeing these sales up in this area. Another innovation helping expand Snap-on's presence in the garage is our recently launched alignment audit system. It uses computerized 3D modeling, high resolution cameras, armed with an extensive database of vehicle information to provide a quick alignment audit. It significantly improves shop efficiency, and it does generate more shop revenue. With the new Snap-on system, any service technician can perform the audit in approximately 60 seconds and present the customer with a complete color-coded report that helps sell needed service that might otherwise have gone unnoticed. Early reaction, I have to tell you, has been very positive. With shop managers commenting that the unit provides a better return on investment than any other equipment currently available. The Snap-on alignment audit system joins a list of other new undercar equipment products like our RFV 2000 diagnostic wheel balancer, which just won an innovation award at an important trade show in Germany. Our new selling automatic tire changer, our new aligner specifically designed for the Russian market, all of those are good strong new products in this segment. Customer connection and innovation, Snap-on Value Creation Processes, resulting in attractive new products that are helping us to expand with vehicle shop owners and managers. Heavy duty diagnostics has been another positive for RS&I. We made a commitment a few years back to expand in that area, and that effort is paying off with good growth rates. We started expanding in government fleets, an attractive opportunity that would not have been possible without the investments. So all these innovative products from ProDemand information system to the alignment audit have been crucial in offsetting Europe and in driving strong profitability, the strong profitability for RS&I. So those are the highlights as I see them. Overcoming headwinds to post sales gains, expanding operating margins and clear progress along our strategic runways. The second quarter was an encouraging confirmation that even in turbulent times, our strategic initiatives -- even in turbulent time, continue to offer growth and our Snap-on value creation continues to drive improvement. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo for a review of the financials. Aldo?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales in the second quarter totaled $737.9 million. Excluding foreign currency translation, organic sales increased 4.5%, led by double-digit growth in Snap-on tools and across the majority of our businesses serving customers in emerging markets in critical industries. Consolidated gross profit of $349.9 million in the quarter increased $7.7 million from 2011 levels, and gross margin of 47.4% improved 30 basis points from 47.1% last year. Operating expenses of $245.3 million in the quarter were up $1.9 million from 2011 levels and the operating expense margin improved 30 basis points from 33.5% last year to 33.2% this year. Restructuring cost in the quarter of $10.2 million were higher by $8.3 million as compared to prior year levels, largely due to the inclusion of $6.8 million as anticipated for the settlement of a pension plan, following last year's closure of the new market Canada tool storage facility. Operating earnings before Financial Services of $104.6 million increased $5.8 million year-over-year and improved as a percentage of sales, 60 basis points from 13.6% last year to 14.2% this year despite 110 basis points of higher year-over-year restructuring cost. Operating earnings from Financial Services of $25.6 million in the quarter increased $8.1 million or 46.3% from comparable 2011 levels, which exclude last year's $18 million arbitration settlement gain. Operating earnings of $130.2 million in the quarter increased $13.9 million from comparable prior year levels, excluding the settlement gain. And operating margin improved 130 basis points from 15.4% a year ago to 16.7% this year. Finally, net earnings in the second quarter of $76.4 million or $1.30 per diluted share increased 14.2% from comparable 2011 levels of $66.9 million or $1.14 per share, again excluding the settlement gain related to last year's earnings, we had $1.33. Now let's turn to our segment results starting with the Commercial & Industrial Group or C&I group on Slide 7. Sales of $283.4 million for the quarter were up 5.1% organically from 2011 levels, primarily as a result of continued double-digit sales increases across the majority of our businesses, serving customers in emerging markets in critical industries. These increases were partially offset by mid-single-digit sales decline in our European-based hand tools business as a result of further market weakness, particularly in Southern Europe. Gross profit of $104.3 million in the quarter increased $1.9 million from 2011 levels, and gross margin of 36.8% improved 20 basis points year-over-year, largely due to the savings from ongoing RCI initiatives and favorable foreign currency effects. These gross margin improvements were partially offset by $2.6 million of higher restructuring cost to improve the segment's cost structure in Europe. Operating expenses of $71.5 million in the quarter decreased $1.7 million from 2011 levels and the operating expense margin of 25.2% improved 100 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage. As a result of these factors, second quarter operating earnings of $32.8 million for the C&I segment increased 12.3% from 2011 levels. Operating margin of 11.6% in the quarter improved 120 basis points from 10.4% last year despite a 90 basis point impact from the higher restructuring cost. Turning now to Slide 8. Second quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $325 million increased to $29.5 million or 10% organically, largely due to continued higher sales in the U.S. Gross profit of $137 million increased $4.6 million from 2011 levels despite $6.2 million of higher year-over-year restructuring cost, as anticipated, that settled a new market pension plan. As a result of the expected higher restructuring cost, gross margin of 42.2% in the quarter declined 210 basis points from 44.3% last year. Operating expenses of $92.5 million in the quarter increased $6.3 million from 2011 levels, primarily due to higher volume-related and other expenses. The operating expense margin of 28.5% improved 30 basis points, largely due to benefits from sales volume leverage and contributions from ongoing RCI initiatives. Operating earnings of $44.5 million in the quarter for the Snap-on Tools Group declined $1.7 million from $46.2 million last year, as contributions from the higher sales volumes were more than offset by expected higher restructuring cost. Operating margin of 13.7% in the quarter decreased 180 basis points from 15.5% last year, including 190 basis point impact from the higher restructuring cost. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information or RS&I group shown on Slide 9. Second quarter sales of $227.4 million increased $0.4 million organically from 2011 levels as a high single-digit sales gain of diagnostics and Mitchell 1 repair information products was partially offset by reduced undercar equipment sales in Europe and a low single-digit decline in sales to OEM dealerships. Gross profit of $108.6 million in the quarter increased $1.2 million from prior year levels. Gross margin of 47.8% in the quarter improved 200 basis points from 45.8% last year, primarily due to a more favorable sales mix that included higher sales of diagnostics and repair information products. Gross margin also reflected savings from ongoing RCI initiatives, including contributions from design cost reduction. Operating expenses of $56.4 million in the quarter decreased $2 million from 2011 levels, and the operating expense margin improved 10 basis points to 24.8%. Operating earnings of $52.2 million for the RS&I group increased $3.2 million or 6.5% and operating margin improved 210 basis points to 23%. Now turning to Slide 10. Second quarter earnings from Financial Services of $25.6 million increased $8.1 million, excluding last year's settlement gain, primarily due to continued growth of our on-book finance portfolio. Originations of $175.6 million in the quarter rose 14.7%, reflecting both higher sales in our Snap-on Tools segments and increased participation in our credit programs. Moving to Slide 11. As of second quarter end, our balance sheet included just over $1 billion of gross financing receivables, including $854 million from our U.S. Snap-on Credit operation and $156 million from our international finance subsidiaries. In the U.S., $693 million or 81% of the financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. Since 2011 year end, our on-book financing portfolio has grown approximately $75 million. The pace of the portfolio's growth has continued as expected and is naturally decelerating as the transition of the CIT-owned portfolio nears completion. In 2012, we continue to anticipate that for the full-year, the gross on-book portfolio will increase by approximately $125 million over 2011 year-end levels. Regarding finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operations of $91.7 million for the quarter includes the effect of $20 million of additional discretionary cash contributions to our U.S. pension plans. In 2012, we also intend to make required contributions of $12.6 million to our foreign pension plans and depending on market and other conditions, may make additional discretionary cash contributions to our U.S. plans. The $91.7 million of cash provided this quarter from operating activities compares with the $13.7 million use of cash in the second quarter of last year, which primarily resulted from the return of $89.8 million of cash previously withheld from CIT following last year's arbitration settlement. Capital expenditures totaled $18 million in the quarter and $40 million year-to-date. For the full-year, we currently anticipate capital expenditures of $70 million to $80 million, including the construction of a fourth factory at our Kunshan China location, which is expected to be completed by year end. As seen on Slide 13, days sales outstanding for trade receivables of 56 days improved from 58 days as of 2011 year end. Inventories increased $15 million from 2011 year-end levels, largely to support continued higher demand in the United States. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 3.9x compared to 4.2x at 2011 year end. Our quarter end cash position of $174 million decreased to $12 million from 2011 year-end levels. Primarily due to the continued funding of new loans originated by Snap-on Credit, U.S. pension contributions of $45 million, share repurchases of $38.1 million and dividend payments of $39.6 million. These year-to-date uses of cash were largely offset by cash generated from operations. Our net debt to cap ratio of 33.2% compares to 34.3% at 2011 year end. In addition to our $174 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities and our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper market should we choose to do so. As of the second quarter end, no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities. This concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance. I'll now turn the call back over to Nick for his closing thoughts.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. We are encouraged by the second quarter results. More than anything else, we believe that it confirms Snap-on's abundant runway for improvement and for growth. It extends our favorable trend, achieved despite turbulence in Europe, which given our position in Spain has been with us for some time. The quarter shows we are making strategic progress in the areas that we believe are decisive for our future. The Van network is stronger. Sales were up double digits again with the U.S. leading the way. We are extending into critical industries, also up by double digits in the quarter. A strong position is being built in emerging markets. Sales growing substantially above local GDPs and physical capabilities, factories, product lines, distribution, all strengthening. And we do see progress with repair shop owners and managers. Although overall RS&I is flat, the crucial high margin core of diagnostics, repair information and shop management systems grew at high single digits, bringing RS&I profitability to a high level. And again this quarter, we're seeing Snap-on Value Creation Processes, driving progress on our runways for improvement. OpCo OI percent of 14.2%, up 60 basis points despite substantially increased restructuring. I think everybody knows that these are interesting times and there are challenges. But we've been facing headwinds like Spain for some time. We're confident of our capabilities, encouraged by our strengthening position, focused on our abundant opportunities and believe that we will continue to find advantage despite the turbulence. Before I close, I believe it's appropriate to recognize that Snap-on's results and the encouraging trends reflect the extraordinary effort and our strong commitment and the strong commitment of our associates and our franchisees around the world. I know many of them listen to this call, so for your energy, for your dedication and for your support, you have my congratulations and you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question, Mike Wherley with Janney Capital Markets.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit about the critical industries. You mentioned that you signed on with a large airline maintenance facility, and I'm wondering, are there other potential opportunities like that and do they deliver the same margins that you might get in your other critical industries business?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: There are different -- there are many more opportunities. Of course, that's the biggest one, the United States, that's why mentioned it. But what I meant there was focus, product and presence. And at the base of our extension into critical industries, is the fact that in the past, Snap-on would sell on an almost default basis to some of those customers. We were calling on the 4,000 -- we were calling on that site, but very sporadically. We never focused on it as a distinct customer base that we wanted to solve their problems and make their work easier. And this an example of what we will be doing around the country with other places, focus on them, call on them as they need, provide a product line that fits them. Now we're doing that there, it's just early days, we started that in the quarter, but there are many other places to do that in -- to do the same thing. Regarding margins, the margins are just as good with that business as they are throughout the corporation.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And is it something where you have sort of a direct way to sell to those technicians or is it something where the maintenance facility just buys them for the technician?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It's a mix. In this particular, in fact, I think, in this facility, it's a mix, the facilities buy some and the technicians buy some. And we sell it through a direct presence that's there virtually every day. It's kind of a direct sale. And if you look at the landscape throughout the country or throughout the world, you would find a mix of what you just described. In some facilities, the facility buys and provides the tools and in other facilities it’s the technicians themselves.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just one other question I had on the...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: But let offer, in any case, that's a classic example of a Snap-on positioning. It's why it doesn't matter to us so much who buys because the buyer is not -- is usually not a corporate buyer, it's a buyer located very close to the point of use. Even if it's the facility, he's up close -- that buyer is up close and personal to the technician themselves, so the technician has a great influence on what actually gets purchased. So that means that our -- the capabilities of the Snap-on products are quite appreciated and weigh heavily in the purchase, that's why we get the margins.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And will you be extending credit to those technicians?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. The other question I have was just on the restructuring that you're doing in Europe to sort of reset those cost levels in the S&A Europe. Is that complete, and when do you expect the benefits to sort of be fully realized?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It's not complete. That's an ongoing basis. You'll probably be some more restructuring going forward, the kind of restructuring you've seen in other quarters if you look back in our history, you'll see we're kind of controlled restructurers and we have had restructuring in most quarters. And you're going to see that in our future, much of it directed at S&A Europe, so that will happen. When you see benefits, I would say, it's hard to say it varies from project to project, but a good rule of thumb would be to say 2 year paybacks. And that will give you some indication of how -- what gets off it from the spending.
Operator: David Leiker, Robert W. Baird.
Unknown Analyst: This is John Wein [ph] for David. Just on the C&I margin this quarter, it was up 140 bps on what essentially is flat revenue quarter-over-quarter. I'm just wondering what exactly is going on there. Whether it's mix or some of the European restructuring already is starting to take place?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think it's -- I don't know what you mean by flat. I think it's up 5.5% on an organic basis.
Unknown Analyst: Sequentially, sorry.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Right. Are you saying sequential?
Unknown Analyst: Yes, sorry.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think 5.5%. If you're talking about recorded -- reported, that has currency inside it. But on an organic basis, it's up -- it is sequentially flat, I know. What you're seeing in C&I is a number of different things. One is, of course, the effect of the Snap-on Value Creation Process as we obviously turns a focus on it in the past couple of quarters so you're seeing that flow through in terms of things like RCI, Rapid Continuous Improvement. And then you are seeing some improvements in Europe and the bottom line associated with some of those restructuring coming through. So you're seeing both of those effects happening. I don't think you can call it a mix thing. We're not seeing much mix in C&I. So that's -- what you're seeing there is pure productivity.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, great. On the -- for a long time, you've had kind of a 15% OI margin target for the OpCo. And essentially, you're already there if you make the adjustments. I'm just wondering when looking ahead and looking the further leverage you can pull, is it more on the manufacturing side where we could expect a greater improvement in gross margins? Is it on the operating expenses or SG&A? Just any feel you might have for that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think it's all of the above there. I think there are -- I think we've said fairly consistently over the years that we see 2 distinct runways. One, what you're referring to are runways for improvement, but Rapid Continuous Improvement, driving better efficiency and productivity even at flat sales. And you'll see that play out both in gross margin and in SG&A and in operating expense. And then, you'll see leverage associated with growth that goes forward because we believe those runways are open to us. Things like extending the critical industries and expanding in the repair garage and building in emerging markets, and the Van network, which has been mid-double digits for 3 or 4 quarters now. So I can see all 3 of those things in play. A kind of efficiencies around both areas and margins and expenses, and the leverage associated with volume. Now I'll quickly say that the leverage is not as -- leverage isn't always as definable each and every quarter as you might think, because sometimes you get more sales and the RCI effect to handle all sales to raise the productivity of your factory doesn't adjust quickly enough and you'll get some inefficiencies at first, and as RCI catches up, that drops to the bottom line much more effectively. You get that leverage. We see that in some of our results, particularly the Tools Group this time. The other thing I'd emphasize pretty carefully, as I look out and I see these runways for growth, and I see that growth happening and I see the operating margin happening, this is over a longer term. When we look forward to the third quarter, for example, everybody will probably want to know about the third quarter, this is the most uncertain quarter for us every year. There's a lot of windage in our third quarters. So we see things like the effects of European vacations and the effects of the Van vacations. Remember the van drivers are owner-operators, usually single person in the business. So when they take the couple weeks off or a week off for a vacation, the Van doesn't roll. So our third quarter is not a trend quarter. It's a quarter that has a lot of variation in it. But when you look out over time, we're going to see that -- those 3 things in place, leverage and productivity improvements both at the gross margin line and the operating expense line.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, great. That's helpful. Just wondering given where the euro is and the potential headwind it creates, how much of your SG&A is incurred in Europe or denominated in euros?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I guess, I don't know if I have that number exactly. I can offer this to you that about -- what do we say, about 22% of our business is in Europe. And the euro denomination about 15% of our activity is in the euro currency. So if that's helpful.
Unknown Analyst: No, yes, that's helpful. And then my last one is on the growth in the Tools Group. You add Mac Tools had high single-digit growth during the quarter. So you've obviously beat that, and I'm guessing if I just did a U.S. to U.S. comp, your U.S. tools business grew above the 10% that the overall segment did, so I'm just...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, it did.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. So just trying to get a sense of -- from my side what exactly is going on, and one of the things just kind of thinking about it, having the credit operation internally now, have you been able to kind of pull some levers or maybe do some creative promotions now that you're managing that, that you weren't able to do when CIT was running it? That might be helping you capture incremental tool buyers?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, you said a lot of great things there that are accurate. Let me just say first, the tools group has put together 3 or 4 outstanding growth quarters around 9%, 10%. And you have to give credit to the team there. They are hitting. In baseball parlance, they are pounding the ball. And so a lot of credit has to be given to that team for this. And what you're seeing with them are a couple of things. One is, is that we have some great new products, like I talked about, the ratchet -- the flexible ratchet. Then we have the marketing efforts like the rock 'n roll cab which is generating to think about it, a van is really small and so how many boxes can a van driver carry on his van? So when the mechanic gets on, he can only see 2 colors or 2 sizes, the rock and roll cabbie can see a whole wall of this stuff and so it generates a sort of the impulse purchase. And so you're seeing that great marketing effort. And then, our van network has been just getting stronger and stronger when you look at the health metrics of the van, the sales were up, the equity is up, the terminations are down -- just gotten stronger right off the recession because we invested in them. And finally, we've invested in productivity in our vans. So that our drivers are spending more time selling. So you've got those 3 things happening, you got all 4 things happening, that's driving those sales. And so that's how I explain that, the van business and the expansion there.
Operator: Dax Vlassis with Gates Capital Management.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management, Inc.: Nick, just curious on the margin side. If you add back the restructuring charges, you're well in excess of a 15% target. I'm just wondering there was another question about this -- the growth of that and the sustainability of that. Can you speak to the new benchmark you've sort of set as far as margins in the go forward from here if -- some of that...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Okay. I'm really happy about the 15.8% in tools and the number without it. But it's one quarter, so I don't know if I'm actually resetting my benchmarks yet. I've got to think about it. And I would also say that when you look -- I just want to emphasize, when you look forward, things happen from quarter-to-quarter, we feel pretty good about our trends, but this is one quarter and I am confident in our upward trend. I am confident in the runways for growth and improvement. But I'm not sure I yet want to reset my target based on one quarter achieving it.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management, Inc.: But around this level, let's say, in the first half of this year, did you feel that's a sustainable margin sort of basis to look at the business?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Sure. I think so, but I want to say that we've been here -- we're just getting to this level. And when I say something, I don't mean every quarter.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management, Inc.: Of course.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Every quarter. I'm talking about -- I think it's a great sustainable direction. I've already said that the third quarter is kind of squirrely, and you never predict anything about this. But I think over trend -- over the trends, this is a good base for thinking about our business. And I've also said to so many, I think maybe I said to you when I met with you, is that I believe that Snap-on. And I've been around the block. This is not my first rodeo. I've been around the block and Snap-on has a great, great franchise in the broadest sense in terms of brand, in terms of products, in terms of customer reception, customer loyalty and if we can't get top level returns, then we'd be disappointed.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management, Inc.: And then my second question is around the cash flow. It looks like, especially given the contributions that the free cash flow cash, flow from ops minus CapEx that you generated in the quarter was the highest in 2 years. It's great to see you generating such strong cash. Can you talk about your future? It looks like you're stepping up a little bit on the CapEx for the second half of the year. And can you just talk about your working capital management and whether you expect to sustain this great cash flow? And then on top of that, to add on to that question is uses of cash. Can you talk about the acquisition environment and if there's any areas that you can put a larger amount of shareholder capital to work at good returns?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I think, talking about moving forward, our uses of cash, I think I've said in the past are to invest in the business, and you've seen us step up CapEx. I think we raised our target this time because we can see opportunities to invest in, particularly in things like capacity and so on we can -- and in emerging markets. So we can see great opportunities for payback in those things and we're actually getting more capable in spending. So one of the things that keeps you -- that makes this possible is we're just getting more effective in managing those CapEx expenditures. Secondly, you just talked about it, the working capital, as you grow, you need working capital. I have cautioned everybody that I don't see working capital as a source of cash going forward. It will be probably a use of cash going forward because we expect to grow. And then I see M&A, I see acquisitions around the coherency of our businesses, around the critical industries, around the repair shops serving owners and managers and in emerging markets. I see acquisitions to make in those areas. And so those are the places where we'll be spending our money.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management, Inc.: But have you seen any -- are you closer to doing something than you have been in the past or is it...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't think we'd comment on those kinds of things. But I think we are obviously closer. We're getting further out of the credit company.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management, Inc.: My final question is with respect to the earning assets of the FinCo. Is there any -- I mean, I know there's going to be some further growth for the rest of this year given the targets that you sort of set for '12, but it's really not that much in capital investments from here as far as receivables and contract receivables or finance receivables. What would be the growth rate past '12? Are we getting to the point where you're not going to have to make any more investments and it'll just be pure cash that rolls off from the operating income of that business?
Aldo J. Pagliari: This is Aldo. Just to comment, Dax, I think if you look past 2012, the growth of Snap-on Credit will be more closely aligned to the growth in the Snap-on Tools Group. Largely the CIT transition will have been completed by the end of this year. So whatever the Tools Group grows, it won't -- they never match up perfectly quarter-to-quarter, but it's a good reflection. And what that means is that you'll still probably see the portfolio growth, be consuming slightly more cash than what you would get if you allocate interest expense and taxes as we do in our cash flow slide to the Financial Services segment. So there'll still be a user of cash to some extent, but not to the extent that it is today.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Let me just add one thing at the end. I think I mentioned the use of cash, and I take it as a given around here and that is dividend. We have paid a dividend every quarter since 1939 and we have not reduced it. So that's part of our DNA here. So that would be another use of cash that I want to make sure that I don't overlook when I discuss it here.
Operator: Gary Prestopino, Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Going through your narrative, you mentioned some countries in Europe that were particularly strong. And I couldn't all write that down. Could we go through that? I mean, and then some of the weaker ones...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think I only mentioned Russia pretty much in Europe in the script anyway, but you can think of -- really what we're talking about, Gary is the periphery, the Eastern Europe and we put Turkey in there and things like Belarus and other places. If you think about -- actually the Maghreb countries would be part of that. So they would be -- we happen to sell into Northern Africa. So I kind of think of it as a circle around Europe. In the middle, we're selling some in those areas. So that's where the business is up. Why we're encouraged by that is that, that seems to us to confirm that the business in Europe is still robust and has a great value proposition as long as the economies are unafflicted, people keep buying.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: So these are newer countries to you, so this would be considered part of your emerging markets initiatives or am I incorrect?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. I think mostly, mostly. Actually not North Africa so much. We've been in North America for the dog’s age. But Russia and Belarus and places like that.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: What I'm trying to get at -- so in your established countries, you said Spain and Italy are bad. Very bad. As you went through the quarter, ex Spain and Italy, in your more established countries, did you start to see a slower growth if that's the best word or more...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, what we saw -- those are down. It is like this. How I would describe Europe is like this. The Spain, deep reductions. Spain -- the Southern Europe is deep reduction. As we've seen, the periphery up robustly and the core is mid-single digits down. That's what we're seeing. And what we -- I think a one little nuance in this call is -- or this report is we're not seeing decelerate -- we're not seeing acceleration of that downward motion. It's still down, but the comparisons are about the same. But they haven't gotten worse. That's sort of the report I would give you as our look on Europe.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: So it doesn't feel like it did in 2008?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, yes, right. Well, 2008 -- 2008, yes. It doesn't feel like that. It doesn't feel like it was in the first quarter. I think things -- we thought things, the fourth and the first quarter of 2011 and the first quarter, we saw things getting deeper. On a year-over-year basis, things aren't getting any deeper now. They're still agony on a year-over-year basis. But it isn't -- the hole isn't deepening.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just kind of a rhetorical question, I mean, your sales were up about 1.5% quarter-over-quarter. Without foreign currency, it was about 4%. And even given that low single-digit sales growth numbers, if we extrapolate that going forward, do you still feel these RCI initiatives would be enough to expand your margins even with such sluggish sales growth?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: First, I beg to -- if it's possible for me, I beg to differ a little bit in your characterization of 4.5% as low. I have always characterized our growth as 4% to 6% organically. And 4.5% Is within that range. And so, therefore, from my perspective, this is just another data point. I never said we were going to hit 5% every year right in the middle of that in the quarter. So to me, the organic growth is kind of what you expect. We'll see some bigger than that. But I like being in the range. And I believe Snap-on value creation, I think I've said this before, Snap-on value creation, it authors improved profitability at flat sales, let alone small growth, small growth. So I think that's a factor, of course, your margin expansion gets slower then, but you still get that -- you still get margin expansion.
Operator: Richard Hilgert with MorningStar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just a few quick questions here. With the economy here in the states appearing to slow down a little bit, are -- your driver is saying and are you seeing fundamentals in the repair businesses still holding up? I know the revenues were good in the quarter still, especially in the Snap-on Tool business, but I'm just curious here as you exited the quarter, what some of the driver feedback you're getting? Have collections started to be a bit slower and are folks looking to repair their vehicles a little bit less at this point and trying to postpone some repairs?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. The answer to this is no. I was just -- about 2 weeks ago, I was with 700 customers at the national NHRA championships in Joliet, and I didn't get to meet all 700 of course, but I got to meet quite a few of them, and they were uniformly positive. And just a couple of days ago, I was out on a van riding around the countryside stopping at garages and shops and so on. And they seemed, I would say, fairly positive and full of business. So I don't think that the grassroots level you see much out there in terms of moaning or saying, this is -- things are tough or anything like that. I don't see that. Now there's the odd person that has a problem depending on what's been happening, particularly if it's a franchisee and let's say Ford and General Motors have closed a dealership in his area, so he's re-adjusting with other stops we give him. But generally, I'm seeing fairly good positioning. Now I'll remind you that we view ourselves as recession-resistant, not immune. So what happened the last time is when the recession eventually rose people kept buying -- people kept repairing cars. The journal was running articles like economy is glum, but repair shops hum. And what happened was our customers kept buying short payback items like wrenches and hand tools, but they stopped buying big-ticket items like toolboxes, tool storage units, and we're still seeing that business robust.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: How about on the industrial side?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't think so either. We're not -- again, we operate in criticality. So generally, our customers hold on to our buys a little longer. And what I mean by operating in the space of criticality is that you're selling to someone who knows that if the machine he's or whatever he's maintenancing or whatever he's supporting has a problem, the consequences of failure are high. Therefore, he has a tremendous motivation to try to pay for the repeatability and reliability of a Snap-on level product. And so that tends to be more resilient. Now it's not unaffected by recession either, but we were up double digits in that business. And there's a lot of landscaping there. The military was flat, the government was flat, the aerospace is up, natural resource is up and it's always so. There's always landscaping, but it was pretty good. Emerging markets. People ask me about emerging markets all the time, but everybody's talking about China slowing down, and it maybe so. But if you think about this, repair business in China hasn't even started, the repair wave hasn't started. They sold more in cars in China than any place else in the world last year, but all the cars in the road are new versus -- and not many of them, 60 million, 70 million cars on the road and they're all new versus United States where there are 300 million cars on the road and the average is 11 years old. So the business hasn't even started in China, just rising. So when we look at our results, we're not a good barometer of economy there. We should be rising anyway because our sector is just rising.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. The $21 million currency hit in the quarter in revenue. You've got operations set up over in Europe. Do you have your cost pretty much in line with your revenues in terms of currency impact?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, yes. The profitability impact was lower than that. So it's not -- you're looking at that $21 million is give or take -- government work is 3% impact, the profitability impact is substantially lower than that. Looking forward, you'll see. You can -- if the exchange rates stay where they are, you could be thinking about 3% again I guess. And then I think when you start to look at year-over-year, the comparisons get a little easier as you get out into other quarters.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Right. Okay. So then in environment where the euro is gaining ground against the dollar, we would see more of an increase in revenue, but less of an increase in profitability?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, right. Right, sure. Sure.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: On the RCI initiatives, what kind of a cost savings run rate would you project coming out of RCI? I mean you've been doing this program for quite a while now? What would you expect in terms of the kind of magnitude of cost savings that you can continue to get from RCI?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think that's hard to say, but I think you could say $25 million, $30 million a year or something like that, those kind of numbers. I don't know. We try not to put a number on that. I kind of try to address that when I said the restructuring paybacks was 2 years in Europe.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: You count restructuring the same as RCI?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, not -- no, it's not the same. We have restructuring, but we also get RCI. They're different -- they're distinct things, but, I guess, I was trying to give you some kind of a view of the kinds and numbers we were going to get out restructuring. But you can look at that number, you can go back and look at our productivity numbers, you can see the kinds of numbers we've generated on an annual basis, on sort of flat sales, and I think you could see that going forward. Normally, how I answer this question is that people I think are -- I don't know if this is your concern is that, maybe you run out of opportunities. And I don't think we are. I think there's a lot of a -- Snap-on. Mainly because there are a lot of processes in Snap-on. A hand tool is heavily integrated if you think about it. You don't buy many components. You have a piece of steel comes in the back of the hand tool plant, the finish products goes out the output front and really, pretty much everything that goes into the hand tool is done inside the plant, you don't buy anything for it. So there's a lot of opportunities for RCI and then you have 65,000 SKUs, which creates a complex landscape. So we see a continuous run, but I hate to commit any one particular number. I know you'd like to have one for your model, but I hate to commit to that. I just say that I believe we hold ourselves to a standard that on flat sales we expect to have improvement.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: On that Masters of Metal tour, I hope you're in a rush toward a pot of sales gold at the end of a rainbow. It won't turn out to go over like a led zeppelin.
Operator: And that was our final question. Ms. Kratcoski, I'll turn it over back to you for closing remarks.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, everyone for joining us this morning. A replay of the call will be available shortly. And, as always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Goodbye.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-19 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Vice President of Investor Relations Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Aldo J. Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Alek B. Gasiel - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Michael Aaron Prober - Clovis Capital Management, LP
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Inc. 2012 First Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's first quarter 2012 results which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning.  We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick-off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions.  As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussions. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings.  With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everybody. I'll start off as usual with the highlights of the quarter and with my perspective on the results and on the overall business. Then I'll turn the call over to Aldo for a detailed review of the financials.  Our first quarter was another period of encouraging progress. Once again, it showed that the Snap-on Value Creation Processes are enabling improvements just as they been doing for some time in a variety of macroeconomic environments. I think you could say that these past few years sure have been marked by a very dynamic environment. And yet, our discipline around safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and Rapid Continuous Improvement or RCI has driven momentum in good times and in bad.  Speaking of momentum, our first quarter reflects continuing gains in the majority of our markets, and it represents another period of favorable operating margin comparisons. Organic sales increased 7% from last year. The OpCo operating margin of 13.3% was up 70 basis points, while FinCo contributed $23.9 million of operating income, a substantial increase from $12.5 million a year ago. The end result is an EPS of $1.21, a rise of 26% from the first quarter of 2011.  Now the primary feature in the past quarter was the volume. Widespread, strong gains across the majority of our business and the Tools Group serving automotive technicians and the Commercial & Industrial group or C&I serving emerging markets of Asia, as well as professionals in critical industries through our industrial division. And in diagnostics and software sales through our Repair Systems & Information group or RS&I, which focuses on serving repair shop owners and managers. All of those areas had solid gains.  If you recall that we identified 4 key strategic runways for our growth, areas that we believe will be decisive for our future, building in emerging markets, extending into critical industries, enhancing our franchise network and expanding in the garage. We believe this quarter's performance represent ample evidence of significant progress in each of these areas. Importantly, I think, our overall 7% volume gain and improved profitability was achieved even in the face of a turbulent Europe, a headwind that strengthened since the last quarter.  Just like in the past quarters, our overall environment is favorable, but Europe is a clear challenge. Our volumes in Western Europe and Western European markets were down mid-single digits. You can see that impact most notably in the results of C&I, but it's also evident in the volumes of RS&I where we have a sizable European presence in our undercar equipment business.  The real story in the quarter though is that we were, once again, able to overcome the challenges and still grow robustly. So overall, we continued our progress, gaining in those areas we've identified as being decisive for our growth.  Now on to the highlights of some of the segments. C&I group organic sales were up 6.4%. So in spite of Europe, our overall C&I sales gain was actually more than we posted in the previous 3 quarters.  I mentioned the strong gains in both Asia and our industrial business, 2 of those strategic runways for growth, while both of those businesses were up double digits.  Related to Europe, I'll remind you that we have particularly large and higher-margin position in the South, especially in Spain. And that regions been even harder hit than the rest of the continent, so that certainly amplifies the European impact for the group. Operating margins in C&I was 10.2% compared to 11.6% last year. Now in those numbers, we did incur $3.5 million and restructuring charges related to Europe. Given the situation, we're making adjustments to the cost structure to better match the environment. These actions brought C&I margin down by 120 basis points.  In our industrial business, where we serve serious professionals in critical industries, we're pursuing a number of initiatives to drive continued growth. For example, we're expanding our presence in technical schools, a growing number of which offer Snap-on's certification programs for industries such as aviation, vehicle repair and wind industry. And covering a range of specialties like torque and diesel and diagnostics and tool control. Those programs are -- we found are a great way to get the Snap-on brand introduced to the new professionals who will inhabit the critical industries of are our future. The schools are equipped with our products. We train the teachers, and the students learn their profession with Snap-on products front and center. We believe that's a great way to build what we call customers for life and it's working.  Our efforts in extending in the critical industries can be seen in our annual industrial sales kick off, hundreds of direct sales associates join that event and instead of focusing on products, we focused on serving specific customers: Aerospace, natural resources, the military. The main theme was customer connection, how to make work easier for particular professionals and specific industries and the participants left better equipped to drive our sales growth down that critical run -- down those crucial runways and that's been working.  Now I'll mention emerging markets. The bulk of that activity for Snap-on also shows in the C&I group. Sales in Asia were encouraging with double-digit growth coming across many of our major markets. Now China, of course, is our biggest opportunity, and we grew well ahead of GDP. But we saw an even greater increase in places like Indonesia and India. And that growth is being aided by our expanding product lines and hand tools from our Zhoushan factory and undercar equipment, hand held diagnostics and band saws, all from our Kunshan complex, where we've been expanding our capacity and launching new products, aimed specifically at Asian customers and that's working.  Outside of Asia, we're also making progress in other emerging markets. Our expansion in Belarus has been a key to gaining presence in Eastern Europe. That operation has been critical to growing our position in both in Eastern Europe, where SNA Europe actually saw solid gains in places like Russia and Turkey, as well as in the U.S. In fact, our Bahco band saw line continues to be robust, selling well in most regions of the world.  One final comment I'll make on C&I is related to innovation. SNA Europe and specifically the Bahco brand has long been known for its innovation and quality in serving professionals. In fact, Bahco recently celebrated 125 years of prominence in the professional segment. That reputation was, once again, reinforced this past quarter when Bahco earned 2 prestigious 2012 Red Dot Design awards. The winning new products were entries in our ergo line, a line that differentiates itself by clear advancement in professional grade ergonomics. Those awards generate product excitement and exposure, and our strong endorsement of our brand and of our continuing innovation and of the progress we're making in spite of the challenges that are present all around Europe.  Moving to the Tools Group, another strong performance. A sales increase of over 12%. It represents another highlight of the quarter. The operating margin of 14.6% was up from 13.2% a year ago. Now, last year's comparison did include nearly $3 million in restructuring charges, but even excluding that effect, there was a 50 basis point increase and this quarter's absolute margin of 14.6% certainly exceeds most of the historical comparisons.  You might remember, we made it a priority to enhance and strengthen our franchise channel, even while we're in the midst of a recession. And more recently, we were aiming Rapid Continuous Improvement or RCI efforts toward increased efficiency, creating more selling time for our franchisees.  Now the results of all those efforts appear clear. Organic sales in the first quarter were more than 15% above our prerecession levels. Speaking of the franchisees, overall, the network is strong. And it's evident in the trends we track. Franchisee sales and profits continue to rise, credit delinquencies remain at historically low rates and our turnovers are down. To look beyond the franchisees, we see solid indicators on the health of our end customers, the repair technicians, activity with big-ticket items like hand held diagnostics and tool storage remain at the solid levels, as you would expect given the growth rates we've been recording for several quarters now.  And the strength, the core of our franchise network, the Snap-on brand is now being recognized even more broadly. The results from this year's franchise business review satisfaction survey were announced in February. Snap-on moved up 8 spots from last year to #23 among all large franchise systems. The importance of this ranking is that it's based on the opinions of our franchisees themselves on issues like training and support and operation and financial opportunity. And in February, Snap-on was also cited by Forbes magazine in its ranking of best franchisees to start for the buck, and that article, Snap-on was rated #1 of all franchisees. More confirmation of the growing strength of our system.  The results are also reinforced what we hear regularly when we speak to our franchisees face-to-face. I characterized their outlook as almost uniformly quite positive, both for the company in general and for their individual businesses in particular.  Now we're for Snap-on credit. I said it in the past, it's -- but I think it's worth repeating. Our wholly-owned finance company has been a real advantage. Just this week, there's been news relating to the difficulties of securing financing for small businesses in general and for franchises specifically. While our franchisees clearly benefit from their ability to access valuable financing for themselves and for their customers, the credit company is a strategic advantage for Snap-on, and as you can see, evidenced in the first quarter results, it's financially attractive.  Now let's move to the RS&I group, where we serve repair shop owners and managers with diagnostics repair and shock management information and undercar equipment. The overall organic growth gained for the group -- the overall organic sales gain for the group was a modest 1%. Similar to the C&I group though, some fairly strong sales performances were muted by the impact of European weakness. Our large undercar equipment business on that continent was down in the quarter.  Outside of the Europe impact, the gains across the operations in the group were up mid-single digits. The operating margin for RS&I was 21.5%, up from 18.9% last year and the highest we seen in the group. It reflects progress in our RCI initiatives, as well as favorable effects of solid growth in higher-margin categories of diagnostics and information products.  We are worried about those high-margin products. Our hand held diagnostics software sales reached an all-time quarterly high, driven by our new release. This update includes expanded vehicle coverage, along with the new functional tests and reprogramming features and the numbers show it was well-received.  Our diagnostics business also received recognition for innovation when the readers of Undercar Digest voted 2 of our hand held diagnostic units: The SOLUS Ultra and the VERDICT, as 2012 top 10 tools. This marked the second year in a row that Snap-on has had the only diagnostic units included in that publications award roster. That recognition not only is a testimony to our position as leader in the space, but inclusion of diagnostic units in the top 10 also provides significant evidence of the increasing importance of a handheld unit in undercar work and repairing breaks, wheels and chassis. With our strong position in that segment, this is a favorable trend for Snap-on.  We also saw strong sales gains driven by product innovation in our repair and shop management information business, Mitchell 1. Mitchell 1 is our repair shop management information business in the RS&I group. We're seeing the benefits in that area from the investments we made over the past several years. We strengthened our offering for repair shop owners and managers with automotive-related products, with new heavy-duty truck applications and with new features like our customer retention programs that assist shop owners to better market to old and new customers. The high single-digit growth that Mitchell 1 during the quarter is evidence of that expanded credit.  Our repair information position will take another step forward this month when Mitchell 1 launches our new pro demand software. It enhances technician productivity by improving the speed and accuracy of search capabilities, as well as the navigation to other online information like wiring diagrams, technical service bulletins and schedule maintenance data.  With ProDemand, we're basically expanding the vocabulary of the system, harmonizing terminology across OEM badges, making it better able -- making the system better able to decipher what the technician needs and taking him to the solution faster. We've been trying the product with a broad base of technicians, and the initial reaction has been very positive. One more highlight related to RS&I. I already mentioned that our equipment business in Europe is fairly large, and the impact is evident in the overall growth rate for RS&I. We are, however, making great progress in emerging markets like Brazil and the Middle East, with the equipment business, where saw solid double-digit gains of undercar equipment. We launched a number of new products for those markets over the past several years, and we're seeing them pay off.  While that's the highlights. OpCo, operating margin expansion and FinCo continuing on-track with increased profits, a 7% organic growth, significant progress along our strategic runways even in the face of a difficult environment in Europe.  Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo for a financial review. Aldo?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales in the first quarter of $735.2 million increased $41.5 million or 6% year-over-year. Excluding foreign currency translation, organic sales increased 7%, led by double-digit growth in Snap-on tools and across the majority of our businesses serving customers in emerging markets in critical industries.  Consolidated gross profit of $347.7 million in the quarter increased $17.1 million from 2011 levels. As a percentage of sales, gross margin of 47.3% was down slightly from 47.7% last year, primarily due to continued margin pressure in our European-based hand tools business, partially offset by contributions from RCI initiatives and $2.1 million at lower restructuring costs.  Operating expenses in the quarter of $250.2 million were up $6.9 million from 2011 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 34% in the quarter improved 110 basis points from 35.1% last year, largely due to benefits from sales volume leverage in savings from RCI and restructuring initiatives. These improvements were partially offset by a higher stock-based mark-to-market and performance-based incentive compensation expense and $3.1 million of higher restructuring cost.  Operating earnings before Financial Services of $97.5 million in the quarter increased $10.2 million or 11.7% from 2011 levels. And as a percentage of sales, improved 70 basis points to 13.3%. Operating earnings from Financial Services of $23.9 million in the quarter increased $11.4 million from 2011 levels, reflecting the continued growth of our on-book finance portfolio. Consolidated operating earnings of $121.4 million in the quarter increased 21.6%, and as a percentage of revenues, improve 180 basis points to 15.7% from 13.9% a year ago. Finally, net earnings of $71 million or $1.21 per diluted share in the quarter increased $14.8 million or 26.3% from last year's levels.  Now, let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the Commercial & Industrial or C&I group on Slide 7, sales of $286.5 million for the first quarter were up 6.4% organically from 2011 levels, primarily as a result of double digit sales increases across the majority of our businesses serving customers in emerging markets and critical industries. These increases were partially offset by a mid-single digit sales decline in our European-based hand tools business, particularly as a result of further weakness in Southern Europe.  Gross profit of $102 million in the quarter decreased $1.6 million from 2011 levels, primarily due to continued margin pressure in our European-based hand tools business, partially offset by savings from RCI initiatives. As a result, gross margin of 35.6% in the quarter compared with 38% last year.  Operating expenses of $72.8 million in the quarter were up slightly from 2011 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 25.4% improved 100 basis points from 2011, primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage, partially offset by $3.4 million of higher restructuring cost, primarily to improve the segment's cost structure in Europe. As a result of these factors, first quarter operating earnings of $29.2 million for the C&I segment declined $2.4 million or 7.6% from 2011 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating margin of 10.2% compared with 11.6% last year.  Turning now to Slide 8. First quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools group of $316.6 million, improved $34.6 million or 12.3%, largely due to continued higher sales in the United States. Gross profit of $139 million increased $14.1 million from 2011 levels, and as a percentage of sales, was 43.9% compared to 44.3% last year.  Gross margin last year benefited from favorable manufacturing utilization associated with the anticipated consolidation of the company's North American tools storage operations. Operating expenses of $92.9 million in the quarter increased $5.1 million from 2011 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 29.3% improved 180 basis points, primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage.  First quarter operating earnings of $46.1 million for the Snap-on Tools Group increased $9 million or 24.3% year-over-year. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings of 14.6% compared with 13.2% a year ago.  Restructuring costs in the quarter were $2.6 million lower than last year. Excluding the effect of restructuring expense in both periods, operating income margin improved 50 basis points year-over-year.  Turning now to the Repair Systems & Information or RS&I group shown on Slide 9. First quarter sales of $226.1 million increased 1% organically. As of mid-single digit sales gain of diagnostics and Mitchell 1 repair information products, primarily the independent repair shop owners and managers and a low single digit sales gain to OEM dealerships were partially offset by the lower sales of undercar equipment in Europe that Nick discussed in his remarks.  Gross profit of $106.7 million in the quarter increased $4.6 million from prior year levels. Gross margin of 47.2% in the quarter improved 220 basis points from 45% last year, primarily due to a more favorable sales mix, reflecting higher sales of diagnostics and repair information products, including the SOLUS Ultra mentioned earlier. Gross profit also benefited from savings associated with ongoing RCI initiatives.  Operating expenses of $58.1 million in the quarter decreased $1.2 million from 2011 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 25.7% improved 40 basis points from 26.1% last year, principally due to savings from RCI initiatives and benefits from sales volume leverage.  Operating earnings of $48.6 million for the RS&I group increased $5.8 million or 13.6%, and as a percentage of sales, improved 260 basis points to 21.5%.  Now turning to Slide 10. First quarter earnings from Financial Services of $23.9 million increased $11.4 million from prior year levels, primarily due to a continued growth in our on-book finance portfolio. Originations of $156.3 million in the quarter rose 7.3%, reflecting both higher sales in our Snap-on Tools segment and increased participation in our credit programs.  Moving to Slide 11. As the first quarter end, our balance sheet includes $968 million of gross financing receivables, including $813 million from our U.S. Snap-on Credit operation and $155 million from our international finance subsidiaries.  In the United States, $660 million or 81% of the financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. Since 2011 year end, our on-book financing portfolio has grown approximately $33 million. The pace of the portfolio's growth has continued as expected and is naturally decelerating as the transition of the CIT owned portfolio nears completion. In 2012, we continue to anticipate that the gross on-book portfolio will increase by approximately $125 million over 2011 year-end levels. Regarding finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations.  Now turning to Slide 12. Consolidated operating cash flow for the quarter was $65 million. This includes the decrease in accruals and other liabilities, comprised primarily of incentive compensation-related payments made during the quarter and the effect of a $25 million cash contribution to our U.S. pension plans, which included an $18.3 million required 2012 contribution and a $6.7 million discretionary contribution. In 2012, we also intend to make required contributions of $12.6 million to our foreign pension plans and, depending on market and other conditions, may make additional discretionary cash contributions to our U.S. plans. As expected, free cash flow from Financial Services was a negative $35.1 million in the quarter, reflecting the continued funding of new loan originations at Snap-on Credit. The operating company generated positive free cash flow of $48.9 million in the quarter, representing a $46 million increase over the prior year. Capital expenditures of $21.8 million in the quarter included continued investments particularly in the United States and new product efficiency, safety and cost-reduction initiatives, as well as investments in new production and machine tooling. Capital expenditures also included continued spending to support our strategic growth initiatives including the expansion of manufacturing capabilities in emerging growth markets.  As seen on Slide 13, day sales outstanding for trade receivables of 58 days was unchanged from 2011 year-end levels. Inventories increased $9.4 million from 2011 year-end levels, excluding currency translation, inventories increased $4.1 million, primarily to support higher customer demand in the U.S.  On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory trends of 4x compared to 4.2x at 2011 year end. Our quarter end cash position of $162 million decreased $24 million from 2011 year-end levels, primarily due to the funding of new loan originations by Snap-on Credit, the previously discussed U.S. pension contribution, share repurchases of $29.9 million and dividend payments of $20.1 million. These uses of cash were partially offset by cash generated from operations.  Our net debt-to-cap ratio of 33.8% compares to 34.3% at 2011 year end. In addition to our $162 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities and our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper market should we choose to do so.  As of first quarter year end, our first quarter end, no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities.  This concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. Now I will briefly comment on a few outlook items.  We continue to anticipate that capital expenditures in 2012 will be in the range of $60 million to $70 million. Restructuring expenses in the second quarter of 2012 are expected to approximate $8 million, including the settlement of a pension plan related to the 2011 closure of the company's Newmarket, Canada facility. Finally, we also anticipated that our full year 2012 effective income tax rate will approximate 33.5%.  I'll now turn the call back over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, that's our quarter. An encouraging period, strong volume growth, continuing credit company ramp up and more progress in driving increased profitability, and all of that was achieved in the face of European headwinds. We believe the quarter's performance represents, clear confirmation that our decisive runways for growth are wide and that we are advancing forward. The van network is being enhanced. Sales were up more than 12%, and franchisee health metrics are the best we've seen.  We are extending to critical industries. Our industrial division grew by double digits again. We are expanding with repair shops owners and managers. Our Diagnostics and Mitchell businesses grew nicely, and we are building an emerging market strong double digit again in places like China, India, Indonesia and Russia. The progress along each of these runways made our quarter and overcame imperfect economies.  Going forward, we believe we're well-positioned. We have momentum. And we will take advantage, full advantage, of the abundant opportunities that stretch out before us.  Before I close again this quarter, I think it's appropriate that I recognize the essential role of our franchisees -- that our franchisees and associates have played in our performance. I know many of you are listening, and I also know that this quarter's result is a direct result, is a direct reflection of your contribution. For your energy, for your support and for your commitment to this team, you have my thanks, and you have my congratulations.  Now I'll turn it over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from David Leiker with Robert W. Baird.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is Joe on the line for David. I think the most obvious surprise and it's a great quarter with the Tools Group growing 12%. Several straight quarters now that group has been putting up double-digit results. I'm just wondering if you can point to anything specific that might be driving that, because it's obviously well in advance of what some of your public peers are reporting for growth in their businesses.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think there's a couple of factors. One is that, as I've said, we kept investing during the downturn. We said that. We invested in the health of our franchisees, and they didn't take a step back during the downturn. They, in fact, got better and stronger. And I think coming out of that, we came out of the downturn with relative to others a strong, strong network. That's one. Two, we've been investing in innovation. If you've ever been here, you see the innovation works and you see the products were rolling out so they have attractive products. And then finally, as I said in my remarks, we've been spending time working on RCI in terms of Rapid Continuous Improvement and expanding the selling time. Only a -- not all of their day is spent on selling. And so this is a productivity opportunity for us, and we're working on that. I've said many times on the call, I think our call and then analyst meetings one-on-one that fully enabled our advance call on, maybe 800,000 technicians or 850,000 technicians and there are 1.3 million technicians in the United States. This is a product -- and they don't call on them because they're less target rich. This is a productivity opportunity. What you're seeing here is in effect that given our people more time to sell, more productivity advancements and, therefore, able to call on broader range of customers. And so you see those 3 effects: New products, stronger health and better productivity. And that's what's generating these double-digit gains.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So with the van count pretty much stable productivity has helped you increase coverage, is there an indication of how much more you can pull that lever to further revenue increases?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: This is -- you're right. This is same-store sales. It's a great -- it's an encouraging look. I don't want to speculate on that. I mean, I said that the numbers -- but the numbers -- when we had a first couple of quarters like this, I said, well, one quarter a trend does not make. But now the Tools Group has been putting together some pretty good quarters. I think their organic growth have been stuff like 9, 10 and 6 and 9 and 12, so they've been doing pretty well. So we think this has got some runway.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: The new trend is double-digits?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: But I -- but, no, I wouldn't say that. I wouldn't use -- I wouldn't say --
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Of course, yes.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: -- it is double-digit, of course. But I think we feel very good about the position the Tools Group is in. So without making any projection, I stick to my projection which says, we are looking to grow as a company at 4% to 6% organically, right, every quarter. And the Tools Group is a component of that.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Sure. And then just on the C&I business, I think this is the first quarter that the military side of that business is in a headwind, and I'm just wondering with the organic growth going from 4.5%, 5% and now it's up about 6%, would 6% be a more sustainable pace of growth in that business if [indiscernible]
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, sure, we said that our growth range would be 4% to 6% organically, and we said that C&I would be toward the top end of that. And so this kind of lines right up with that, it's a little bit better than that actually. And you're right in saying that this military was not a headwind this time, but this is the critical -- military is part of the critical industry, the critical industry's piece of this business. And so you have -- and that's concentrated in our industrial division. And if you go back to our last call, you'll see this is the second quarter in a row, which the industrial business has been registering double-digit growth, which we view as confirmation of our assertion that we have runway in these critical industries. And so we think that the C&I group will be helped by that.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one last one for me for Aldo. Can you say what the delinquency rates have been running at with portfolio?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Well, the delinquency rates are published on Chart 11. If what you're suggesting is the all-in bad debt rate that we sometimes talked to, again, it remains a favorable trend with these delinquency rates.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So like around 3%?
Aldo J. Pagliari: About 3.3%.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jim Lucas from Janney Capital Markets.
James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: A couple of things here. You've given a lot of good color, not just this quarter but over the past several quarters about the runways and how they continue to widen. Wanted to just delve a little bit into the Tools Group. In the past, you've talked a little bit about the makeup of bigger ticket items and demand there. And just curious what you're seeing in terms of the purchasing patterns of your customers if it's more toward the handheld, the software upgrades, the toolboxes or is it just really just the day-to-day?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, it's the mix by product. If you characterize it, let's say, big ticket tool storage, the big boxes and the big size diagnostics and so on all the way down to hand tools and so on, that mix hasn't changed for several quarters. It's been -- we use -- the big ticket have been reasonably strong and robust in those mixes, and they haven't really gone down or up within reasonable, what I would say, quarterly windage. And so I don't think we -- you'd see any trend inside there whatsoever. You could -- you see sometimes in the Tools Group as they reach out to other customers, you get a different mix within those groups, like if you sell more to heavy truck or somebody like that, you'll get different diagnostics and different hand tools and so on, so you get a different mix within the groups. But we haven't seen much change with regard to the dimension between big ticket and small tickets. It's pretty much been the same.
James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then if you -- if we take a step over to the C&I side on critical industries, are there any particular industries were you've been more successful? And conversely, are there others where you find you're not having as much traction? Just curious as to what is standing out there.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: If you look at the quarterly numbers, Jim, you'll get ups and downs every quarter. These businesses can be lumpy, so you get -- but if you step back and then look at it over the March and say 18 months or so on, I would say that we've been pretty strong in aerospace. We've been very good at that. I think we've been good in the military when the military has been positive, hasn't been so lumpy, and we haven't had these sort of political headwinds flowing through the military. So we've been strong in that critical applications. And those are the 2, I think, that we've been better at. Natural resources is very good for us at times and so on. And so I think those have been the improving areas for us.
James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And finally on Europe, I mean, undoubtedly that's going to continue to be a headwind. You've got some further cost actions that you're going to be taking. When you take a step back and you look at your competitive position in Europe, where you are today, what you're doing from a cost structure, is it really more just about playing defense until the headwinds subside? Can you just talk a little bit about how you manage through the current environment in Europe?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. First thing I'd say is we're not exactly wringing our hands over it. You go back and forth when you make comments on these calls and you want to say -- you want to make people aware of the issues in Europe and so on. But we don't -- we -- this isn't our first recession, our first downturn, of course. And so we're managing through this. And so what we see is our customers are still in place. We see our productivity and our RCI efforts creating opportunities for restructuring. We see our Asian factories ramping up to the point they get capability and so on, so they can support and provide even more capacity. So we're being proactive in the idea. We're bringing together the new capacity expansion we're seeing in Asia, and okay, looking to support Europe more in that. We're taking the RCI activities and tailoring the footprint to the current environment reflecting those RCI activities. So I think those 2 things are happening. And one -- so I wouldn't call it necessarily plan defense. I would say more or less saying we believe the market comes back. We believe our customers in place. We believe that the Bahco brand is still strong. And around that, we are tailoring the footprint to be as flexible as possible. So in future ups and downs, we're more -- we're less vulnerable to, let's say, variations in volumes. And then on top of that we're overlaying the idea that more capacity is coming online in the very flexible and growing capabilities in our Asian markets. And that will also create the kind of restructuring program around Europe. One of the things I do want to emphasize around our brand, one of the things that's encouraging to us there is that when you look at SNA Europe's primary brand Bahco, it's selling pretty well outside any -- when you're not talking about the core Europe, when you're talking about the periphery about Turkey and Russia and Middle East and so on, this brand is selling pretty well. So we're convinced there's nothing wrong with the product lines. It's still very strong and being well received, and we get our pricing there. It's just in those economics that are causing us the current challenges -- those economies that are causing us the current challenges, and remember that Spain is one of our, as you know, is one of our biggest area, was one of our biggest areas and the highest margin areas, and it's down substantially in the quarter.
Operator: And next, we'll go to David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Just on the Snap-on Tools segment. I guess you realized a 12% organic growth, but gross margins were off about 40 basis points. So I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about sort of what appeared to be disconnect there? And mindful that there was a comp issue here. In the first quarter '11, you had some manufacturing activities, I guess, that were influencing them. Can you quantify that for us?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I don't think we're going to quantify those, but I'll give it to you directionally. When you look at that, you're getting the -- I think we said in the 10-Q or maybe that there was a manufacturing unfavorable comp in terms of manufacturing because last year we're preparing for the consolidation of our tools storage business in the United States and Canada. So therefore, there were some better absorption positions despite the differences in volume in certain of the factories in the first quarter last year. And then the other piece of this is it depends on where you're talking about. The other piece of it is if you look in quarter-to-quarter, the first quarter is always lower because of -- is always past because of higher spending in the first quarter because of kick-offs and so on. And then the other factor, I think, is fair is that as we reach out to different customers, and remember, I said these are -- these were less target rich customers. You get a different mix of product lines that sell to those, and that can create a product line mix -- within a mix within product lines, that will give you some difficulty. And also, I mean, and my view is when you look back over time, the margins are kind of in line with the range of Tools Group anyway. But I think that's -- those are the sort of couple of effects this year as the thing we called out in terms of the year-over-year absorption that was very favorable last year. And secondly, the reach to different customers, which creates a little bit of different mix in some of our products. That's what happened in the Tools Group. The Tools Group. I know some people are worried about tougher comparisons sometimes as we go forward from time to time. But -- and it is. It will get tougher. It does get tougher. But this quarter in the U.S., the U.S. grew over 15% this quarter. That's a gang busters quarter.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: That's a great quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: This business is doing pretty well, I think, so.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: So I'm just trying to understand in your operating margins, you get 140 bps of improvement there. Does that just imply that you had a lot of RCI gains sort of bridging the relatively flat gross margin down to a reasonably good step up on the operating margin?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: In the Tools Group?
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yes.
Aldo J. Pagliari: Just leverage.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, you get leverage. You get leverage in the Tools Group.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. What's normally the gross margin leverage that we should see absent all sorts of year-over-year comp issues that we're seeing this year, but what's the normal?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I hate to speculate on -- I hate to say that because it depends on -- I realize you'd like something like that to help modeling, but it really depends on the situational situation. Sometimes you can be selling products which you don't make. We can be using not everything we sell are of the brands we make. And so therefore, it depends on the mix of products. So it's very difficult to give you guidance in that regard.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. If I could just ask one other point. Just on the Financial Services business. What's a good number for originations going forward beyond 2012? Growth [indiscernible].
Aldo J. Pagliari: The growth in the Snap-on FinCo portfolio over time get more closely aligned with that of the Tools Group. So once the runoff of the CIT portfolio and the transition stops to occur, originations are more or less fall in line with the Tools Group growth pattern. You can always have a little bit of timing difference one quarter to the next, and it depends on the mix of what is sold in the way of big ticket items, because that tends to find its way onto credit contracts more readily than just hand tools. But over the long-term, it will reflect the growth of the Tools Group. As Nick characterized, while we're enjoying double-digit growth these days, over the longer run, it'll be probably something a little bit less than that.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Aldo, should that convergence occur early in '13?
Aldo J. Pagliari: I think you'll start to see 2013 become more normalized. At the end of this year, I mean, our estimates -- I think we've commented on this before, it will be probably about another $25 million or so of CIT-owned extended credit receivables will be managing on their behalf. So once we get down to that level, I think the crossover will become less.
Operator: Our next question will come from Alek Gasiel, Barrington Research.
Alek B. Gasiel - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just sitting in for Gary. Most of my questions have been asked. But I guess one thing. I know, Nick, you talked in the past about -- just kind of curious again, what percentage of your territory is under penetrated by the van network? And has that changed recently?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, I don't -- generally, it kind of changed over time. We're not looking to -- I would say the addition of vans is not a major factor in our growth going forward. So we have probably as many vans -- it's not to say we won't add some, but the thing is I don't think that's going to be a major factor in the growth. The big thing about in terms of vans is how quickly we can replace them. Of course, we -- our turnovers are down. I believe at least a relatively -- a relative low and I think it might be an all-time low, but so -- but when somebody turns in his Van or somebody wants to retire and he sites to retire and he happens to do Northeast Peoria, you maybe don't have anybody in Northeast Peoria to go in there. So how quickly do we fill that? So how quickly do we get them in? How quickly to get somebody up? This is a factor, so we track that and we talk about that. That's something that can do -- that can go better, that we could do better. We've improved, so we can do better. And then, secondly, I said, we call on a group of technicians. There are some we don't call on because they are less target rich. They're either off the geographic center of our route or they're in tire shops, something like that, and as we get more productivity with our vans, give them more selling time available, they can choose to use this time to call on those people. That's part of the phenomena we're seeing in this growth. And so I would offer that the 2 of the runways for growth anyway with regard to the physical to the van have to do with getting a new guy in when another guy leaves, retires and then secondly, have the people get more selling time so they can reach out, reach more customers. And I guess if you have more selling time, you can schmooze the existing customers and sell them more. So those are the elements of growth.
Alek B. Gasiel - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: How fast is it to get a new guy running up, I mean, versus in the past?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It depends if we have a guy for the territory. Being as maybe we have trouble -- we might have 4 guys for, let's say, a garden spot, Kenosha, Wisconsin. We might have a lot of people for Kenosha, but we happen to live in here in Kenosha. Our headquarter is in Kenosha, so I'd say that. But we might have a lot of people for Kenosha, but we might not have many people for Peoria. I'm not sure -- it's come down. I don't actually have the statistics. If you like to get the statistics, we'll get them to you. If you call Leslie, she'll have it for you. Okay?
Alek B. Gasiel - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: All right. And just one quick. I might have missed this. Just with Europe, and I know last quarter, you talked about how the softness and weakness in Southern Europe is now creeping into more mature area, which is evident now. Just kind of what you're seeing right now in the quarter, Q2 at the moment? If you can provide any color.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. I don't think -- we can't. I can't speculate on that. If you read the same paper as I do, I think this is being driven economically. We're not sure. I think if you look at the GDP growth rates that are projected in Europe, a lot of them are flattish. Some of them are down. Our European businesses are down substantially, deeply in the south, mid-single digits in the sort of center, and in Eastern Europe, we're actually up a little bit. I think the important thing to think about for our businesses, if you look at the European business, and our European businesses in each of our groups, there's 10% in the Tools Group and some other percentage all the way up to about 1/3 or more of C&I. If you take those businesses and you isolate them, the rest of the business grew at double digits organically. So if you look at the place where we weren't organically -- we weren't economically afflicted, you're growing at, what, double-digits, and Europe represents a kind of challenged 20% to 25%. We used to say 25%. It's down now, because it shrunk a little bit, okay?
Alek B. Gasiel - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right.
Operator: And next we have a question from Michael Prober from Clovis.
Michael Aaron Prober - Clovis Capital Management, LP: Could one of you talk about the acquisition environment and how the deal pipeline is? And then I have a follow-up.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, as I said, I think when I've spoken of this, we found that -- we say that we will look at acquisitions that will be in any of the 4 critical paths, our strategic runways for growth. I think you could argue that the Tools Group doesn't have so many acquisitions available to it. But in terms of emerging markets, in terms of repair systems and information and with repair shop owners and managers and with critical industries, there are businesses which would enhance our business and enhance our position that we could acquire bolt-on and allow us to continue to grow coherently. There are a number of those. And I think I've also said that we're still working -- we think we're still -- we're working through and just getting through the largest acquisition in our history, which was the credit company. So the idea that there is a -- we're working through that large acquisition. We have a pipeline -- I don't know, pipeline implies that you're going to go off and do them all. I don't really mean that, but we have a number -- a universe of possible candidates that we have out there in each of those segments, and so we keep -- we're looking at those and when the time is right, we'll take some actions.
Michael Aaron Prober - Clovis Capital Management, LP: I mean, the company really hasn't -- I know that credit card -- excuse me, credit division was a big acquisition. Credit company is a big acquisition, but that was really more of a financial integration than an operational integration because you were mostly...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, that's worth $800 million.
Michael Aaron Prober - Clovis Capital Management, LP: But it soaked up a lot of capital in the balance sheet and now the company is over capitalized by most measures. And I was just wondering if you're planning on spending capital after you build the balance sheet for the finance company in 2013, '14 on acquisitions? And are there any out there for you because it doesn't really look like there are that many out there?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think there are acquisitions. I mean, I -- obviously, I don't want to talk about such things on the call, but I think a casual review of things available would say that there are acquisitions that would be available. We may not have -- in fact, there has been acquisitions available, which we may not have moved at for a variety of reasons. So I think there clearly are acquisitions. If you look at the automotive space around repair shops -- repair shop owners and managers, there've been a couple of properties passed. We viewed it, and we didn't -- we weren't the acquirer. And then there are critical industries. There are a lot of product lines, which we could add to our product lines smear the Snap-on patina above it and make positive things. In emerging markets, there are places to acquire.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions in the queue. And I will turn the call back over to Leslie Kratcoski for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. A replay of the call is available later today on snap-on.com. And as always, we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Thanks. Goodbye.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie H. Kratcoski - Vice President of Investor Relations Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Aldo J. Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Snap-on Inc.'s 2011 Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Leslie Kratcoski, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Yolanda, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's Fourth Quarter 2011 results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussions. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everyone. Well, our fourth quarter represented an encouraging performance to cap off the year. The progress was not only reflected in the financials, but it also can be seen in our strategic advancements. The Snap-on Value Creation Processes, the principles and processes we use everyday to guide our actions, they're driving results. Our focus on safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and Rapid Continuous Improvement or RCI, as we often call it, it's paying off. And we believe the advancements made throughout 2011 on our runways for both growth and improvement position us to go forward with strength. Aldo will provide detail on the financials. But first, I'll offer some of my perspectives on the highlights for both the quarter and for the year. Sales in the fourth quarter were up organically by almost 6% from 2010. Operating income rose about 30% with our operating margin of 16.3%, up from 13.5% last year. Now that profit increase, of course, included some substantially higher earnings for Financial Services. As expected, that rise came right along with the continuing buildup of our on-book portfolio. But before Financial Services, the operating margin was 14.1% and that compares to 12.6% last year and represents a new high for Snap-on for any quarter. With respect to the economic environment, the events in Europe are creating a bit more of a headwind. I don't think that'll come as a surprise to anybody. I would, however, still characterize our overall market on balance as favorable, fairly stable and you see that in our overall sales growth. Just as we've demonstrated since the recovery began, we were once again able to gain position and to find the pockets of strength that allowed us to offset areas of external weakness.  I told you during the discussion about 3 months ago that our third quarter sales volumes, excluding the effects of currency movements, were above the pre-recession levels of 2007 and 2008. That was the first time we could claim an overall recovery in volumes. While the fourth quarter continued that overall trend, today we're reporting results that exceed fourth quarter 2007 levels, which is the most appropriate pre-recession comparison. And in addition, sales increased sequentially off the third quarter, consistent with our normal seasonality. So while Europe does pose some challenges, we are maintaining our momentum. Now for some highlights from each of the segments and a discussion of our advancements in 4 strategic areas, extending into critical industries, building in emerging markets, enhancing the franchise network and expanding in the repair garage. We've identified these runways as being decisive for our future, and we made solid progress in each of them during the quarter and, for that matter, throughout 2011. In the Commercial & Industrial segment or C&I, organic sales increased almost 5% in the quarter. That growth was somewhat higher than the past couple of periods. So while C&I was where we see the most impact from the challenges of Europe due to our large hand tool operation in the region, SNA Europe, we actually saw better year-over-year comparisons than we've been posting recently. That progress was due to the gains in our Industrial business and to our continued growth in emerging markets, both in C&I. The C&I segment margin for the quarter of 11.2% was down from last year's 12.6%, largely reflecting the $2.9 million in additional restructuring charges and some challenges to the profits at SNA Europe, as that part of the world is obviously not yet recovering. That margin rate, however, was improved from what we saw in the past couple of quarters, reflecting the relative strength of our Industrial businesses, which posed double-digit growth and reached new performance highs. Speaking of our Industrial division, we made good progress throughout 2011, we said that on these calls, extending into critical industries. In the earlier periods, however, those gains were somewhat masked by the lower military activity. In fact, it was actually real positive that the reduced military volume was effectively offset by our growth in serving the other critical industries. But now, our gains in critical sectors such as aerospace and natural resources are showing through. They're visible. That activity in those areas is supported not only by the innovative Automated Tool Control or ATC system, which is somewhat of a halo product, and has garnered a lot of important attention. But it also reflects -- that attention also reflects a wide array of hand and torque and power tools, all designed specifically to make the work easier for customers in critical industries. It's that expanded offering and the increased focus that's driving the rise in orders to support flight lines, assembly facilities, maintenance, repair and overhaul operations, oil rigs, mines and power plants, and giving us an ever-growing presence. C&I is also where we see much of the benefit from our emerging market strategy. Now when you say emerging markets, everybody naturally thinks of China, but our emerging growth is rooted more broadly. In the quarter, C&I saw double-digit gains across Eastern Europe, including in important markets like Russia and in Turkey. So 2011 was a strong year for our emerging markets where we saw large gains, not only in the countries I just mentioned, but across Asia as well in places like Indonesia and Thailand and of course, in India and China. And we're supporting that growth with investments. During the year, we expanded our band saw capacity in China and in Minsk, and it's paid off with substantial new customers and volumes across the globe. In China alone, we now have more than triple band saw capacity since our start up. This past year, we also launched a handheld diagnostics unit specifically for the China market, and our Asianized undercar equipment line is making solid inroads with local automotive repair customers. When we spoke of emerging markets, I've said in the past that succeeding there is often about presence and physicals, and we're showing our commitment to that belief by building. For example, in China, just this past quarter we opened another facility, our new state-of-the-art Engineering Center at our complex in Kunshan. And in 2012, we'll be expanding again with a new undercar equipment factory aimed at making sure that we can continue to serve that growing local market. Now let's move on to the Tools Group. Sales in the fourth quarter rose over 9% organically. Operating margin at 13.5% was up from 9.6% in the fourth quarter of 2010. Now I'll remind you that in 2010, the 2010 number included a $4.6 million restructuring charge related to consolidating the North American tool storage production into one facility. But while the year-over-year gain is somewhat amplified, the fourth quarter rise to 13.5% still represents a 230 basis point increase even after adjusting for the favorable restructuring compares. The quarter's result, taken together with the full year operating margin at 13.7% for the Tools Group indicate clearly that, that operation is showing significant positive momentum. Given that one of our key priorities we set for ourselves years back was in fact, strengthening the van channel, I'm encouraged that it appears to be quite robust as we enter 2012. Throughout last year, I was able to point out significant progress in that area. Snap-on being ranked #6 of all franchise opportunities by Franchise Direct and the Frost & Sullivan survey, more recognition of Snap-on by professional technicians as their preferred brand by larger margins, wider than ever before, and awards from MOTOR Magazine and Professional Tools & Equipment News for innovative products that make the technician's job easier. But more importantly, more important than outside recognition, the best testimony to a strong system comes directly from our franchisees. They've told us in confidential surveys and in public discussions that overwhelmingly, if given the chance to do it all over, they would again commit to a Snap-on franchise and they would also recommend the opportunity to a friend or family member. That may be the best endorsement we can ever get. Just this past week, and I spent a weekend -- just this past month, I spent a weekend with a number of our franchisees during the annual kickoff meetings and their enthusiasm, I'm telling you, confirms the progress we've made. They tell me that one of their big advantages while out calling on technicians is our captive finance companies, Snap-on Credit. Our successful transition from a joint venture to a wholly-owned Snap-on entity without our customers' experience, and any disruption was certainly a key factor in maintaining the health of our network and in supporting the global growth we've been posting. The credit companies' portfolio continues to ramp up onto our book. It's performing well and it's adding to our bottom line. But more important than the financial returns, in today's world of tight credit, our franchisees and our technician customers are benefiting significantly from access to consistent and available financing. And we see it in the numbers. The growth in the operation -- so that's some color on the state of the tools. The growth in that operation has been substantial. And I can say that all of those things I've just mentioned are driving the growth, and we are very encouraged by the results of the Tools Group in this period, it's showings strength. Now for Repair Systems and Information or the RS&I. Fourth quarter organic sales were up 2.4%. The operating margin was 20.8%, and that compares to the 19.7% achieved in 2010. The growth in the operation was somewhat muted by our undercar equipment business, which is the other area where we have exposure to Europe reflecting our significant market position in that region. Remember that the RS&I businesses are focused on serving repair shop owners and managers, and they're working to expand our strong brands of products throughout the repair garages of the world. I mentioned our equipment product position in Europe. Well, in the fourth quarter, we reinforced that strength when we launched our updated V3D aligner in Paris. That new product offers some attractive productivity enhancing features such as a VIN reader that automatically loads the vehicle's specification, and an improved user-friendly technician interface. Both innovations that simplified vehicle alignment. And as you might imagine, the new unit was quite enthusiastically received.  We also continued to get great reviews for our new diagnostic wheel balancer, which was recognized by MOTOR Magazine as one of the top 10 products. I mentioned it last quarter, our unique imaging technology providing a digital map of actual and predicted tire wear and heading off problems with a quick balance and just a few spins of the wheel. That product is now being placed in training facilities where technicians learn and/or enhance their craft. Both the new aligner and the new balancer represent just the type of innovation that we continue to roll out. And we believe that, that's the key to gaining position and to overcoming economic challenges -- offer products that pay back through productivity, gain committed users who are trained using those very products. As the economics for the automotive OEM seem to be improving, we've seen those manufacturers commit to new essential tool requirements, customized diagnostics for both their U.S. and European dealer bases, and we're getting our share of that business. We're also expanding into near adjacent segments. I've spoken in the past about growth in the medium and heavy-duty commercial vehicle sector with repair informations and diagnostics products that capitalize on our unique knowledge, bringing it into that sector. In that same manner, we're also able to take that information technology and that diagnostic know-how and apply it to areas such as agricultural and construction equipment. We're starting to get traction there and both those areas represent attractive opportunities. And when you reach further into that same segment, we also see that our Electronic Parts Catalog or EPCs, products that work so well in aiding vehicle technicians to prescribe, locate and order just the right part, also had important applications for those working on agricultural and construction equipment. Our EPCs are also becoming a valuable opportunity in this space. As I mentioned in the past, our overall EPC business was challenged by the decline in the U.S. automotive OEM dealership group tax. So we've been extending to other opportunities. Our expertise in serving independent repairs, repair garages with shock management repair information and handheld diagnostics gives us, we believe, a unique customer connection and an insight into those customers' needs. We've taken that advantage and successfully deployed an all made EPC called more [ph] for the independent markets. The product offers the independent shop an access to the parts operations of OEM dealerships, providing availability and pricing and parts ordering information. And this is a business in which both dealerships and independents want to participate. Now integrated with our Mitchell 1 shop management software, the combination offers even more efficient workflow and productivity in the independent shops throughout the United States. You can see by this discussion I think that we're working across the corporation to provide a full array of products to repair shops and our managers, from diagnostics, to repair information, to shop management software, to undercar equipment and including customized tool storage units. It's paying off with independents and with OEM dealerships. In fact, many of the larger dealerships are outfitting their shops with a consistent professional look that is more and more demanded by OEMs, all while providing great productivity solutions, and we're helping them do it. Well, those are the highlights. Organic growth in the quarter of almost 6%, encouraging from an overall post-recovery perspective. Operating income increases at both OpCo and SinCo [ph], reaching new highs, our areas of strength combining to more than offset any headwinds. An abundant evidence, clear evidence that we're continuing to take strides, clearly moving forward along strategic runways for coherent growth. It was an encouraging quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo for a detailed discussion of the financial results. Aldo?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Thanks, Nick, and good morning to everyone. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6.  Net sales in the fourth quarter of $736.6 million increased $39.7 million or 5.7% year-over-year. Excluding foreign currency translation, organic sales increased 5.9%, reflecting sales growth across the majority of our businesses. Higher sales in the Snap-on Tools Group combined with increased sales to a wide range of customers in critical industries and emerging markets, higher essential tool and facilitation program sales and higher sales of diagnostics and Mitchell 1 software products more than offset weakness in Europe, particularly in the southern regions. Consolidated gross profit of $335.8 million in the quarter increased to $17.3 million from 2010 levels. As a percentage of sales, gross margin of 45.6% in the quarter was comparable with last year. Operating expenses in the quarter of $232 million were on par with 2010 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 31.5% in the quarter improved 160 basis points from 33.1% last year, largely due to benefits from sales volume leverage, savings from RCI and restructuring initiatives, lower bad debt expense and lower stock-based mark-to-market compensation expense. These improvements were partially offset by higher performance -based incentive compensation expense and $2.6 million of higher pension expense. Restructuring cost the $4.4 million in the quarter compared to $5.8 million last year. Operating earnings before Financial Services of $103.8 million in the quarter increased $16.3 million or 18.6% from 2010 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings before financial services improved 150 basis points from 12.6% last year to 14.1% this year. Operating earnings from Financial services of $22.1 million in the quarter improved $12.7 million from 2010 levels, reflecting the continued growth of our on-book finance portfolio. Consolidated operating earnings of $125.9 million in the quarter increased $29 million or 29.9% from 2010 levels. As a percentage of revenues, operating earnings of 16.3% improved 280 basis points from 13.5% a year ago. Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate of 33% compared with the 30.1% rate of last year. The lower 2010 rate benefited from nonrecurring tax items, including the December 2010 extension of certain federal tax incentives.  Finally, net earnings of $74.3 million or $1.27 per diluted share in the quarter were an all-time fourth quarter record, up $16.4 million or 28.3% from last year's levels. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the Commercial & Industrial or C&I Group on Slide 7. Sales of $295.4 million for the fourth quarter increased 4.9% from 2010 levels. Higher year-over-year sales to a wide range of customers in emerging markets and in critical industries, particularly aerospace and natural resources, were partially offset by the weakness in Europe. Gross profit of $106.4 million in the quarter declined $1.6 million from 2010 levels, largely due to $2.9 million of higher restructuring cost, incurred to further improve the segments cost structure in Europe. In addition, benefits from higher sales and RCI incentive were partially offset by margin pressure in Europe. Gross margin of 36% in the quarter compared with 38.4% last year. Operating expenses of $73.4 million in the quarter were up slightly from 2010 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 24.8% in the quarter improved 100 basis points from 25.8% last year, primarily due to benefits from RCI initiatives and sales volume leverage. Fourth quarter operating earnings of $33 million for the C&I segment declined $2.4 million or 6.8% from 2010 levels, largely due to $2.7 million of higher year-over-year restructuring costs. As a percentage of sales, operating margin of 11.2% in the C&I segment compared with 12.6% last year. Turning now to Slide 8.  Fourth quarter sale from the Snap-on Tools Group of $292.8 million improved $24.6 million or 9.2% from 2010 levels, largely due to continued higher sales in the United States. Gross profit in the Snap-on Tools Group of $123.9 million in the quarter increased $16.7 million from 2010. As a percentage of sales, gross margin of 42.3% in the quarter improved 230 basis points from 40% last year, primarily due to $4.3 million of lower restructuring cost, benefits from favorable foreign currency effects and continued savings from RCI initiatives. Last year, the Snap-on Tools Group incurred $4.6 million of initial restructuring cost in the fourth quarter for the 2011 closure of the Newmarket, Canada tool storage manufacturing facility.  Operating expenses of $84.3 million in the quarter increased $2.9 million from 2010 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 28.8% in the quarter improved 160 basis points from 30.4% last year, primarily due to benefits from sales volume leverage. Fourth quarter operating earnings of $39.6 for the Snap-on Tools Group increased $13.8 million or 53.5% year-over-year. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings of 13.5% increased 390 basis points from 9.6% a year ago. Excluding the effect of restructuring expense, operating income margin improved 230 basis points year-over-year. Turning to the Repair Systems and Information or RS&I group shown on Slide 9. Fourth quarter sales of $236.5 million increased $4.7 million or 2% from last year's levels. Excluding currency translation, organic sales increased 2.4%, mainly due to higher sales in our Equipment Solutions business, which facilitates essential tool programs for OEMs, along with higher sales of diagnostics and Mitchell 1 software products to repair shop owners and managers. These increases more than offset the weaker sales to European equipment distributors that Nick already mentioned. Gross profit of $105.5 million in the quarter increased $2.2 million from prior year levels. As a percentage of sales, gross margin was 44.6% in both the fourth quarters of 2011 and 2010. Gross margin improvements in 2011 from ongoing RCI initiatives were primarily offset by higher restructuring costs. Operating expenses of $56.3 million in the quarter decreased $1.3 million from 2010 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 23.8% in 2011 improved 110 basis points from 24.9% last year, principally due to the benefits from sales volume leverage, savings from RCI initiatives and lower restructuring costs. Operating earnings of $49.2 million for the RS&I group increased $3.5 million or 7.7% from 2010. As a percentage of sales, operating margin of 20.8% in the quarter increased 110 basis points from 19.7% last year. Now turning to Slide 10. Fourth quarter operating earnings from Financial Services was $22.1 million on revenue of $35.5 million. This compares with operating earnings of $9.4 million on $21.5 million of revenue last year. The $12.7 million year-over-year increase in operating earnings primarily reflects the growth of our on-book finance portfolio. Originations of $155 million in the quarter rose 9.1% compared to last year's levels, reflecting both higher sales in our Snap-on Tools segment and increased participation in our credit programs. Moving to Slide 11. As of the fourth quarter end, our balance sheet includes $935 million of gross financing receivables, including $786 million from our U.S. Snap-on credit operation and $149 million from our international finance subsidiaries.  In the U.S., $636 million or 81% of the financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. During 2011, our on-book financing portfolio has grown just over $200 million. The pace of the portfolio's on balance sheet development has continued as expected and will naturally decelerate as the transition of the CIT owned portfolio to Snap-on Credit nears completion. As such, for the full year 2012, we anticipate that the gross on-book portfolio will increase by approximately $125 million over 2011 year-end levels, which is slightly ahead of our previously communicated future state level for the portfolio of approximately $1 billion. As our transition moves towards completion, we expect further expansion of the Snap-on Credit portfolio to largely reflect activity in the Snap-on Tools Group. Regarding finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now turning to Slide 12. Consolidated operating cash flow of $72.3 million for the quarter and $128.5 million for the year includes the effect of a $48 million discretionary cash contribution to our U.S. pension plans. For the full year 2011, we contributed in total approximately $61 million to our various global pension plans. As expected, free cash flow from Financial Services in the quarter was a negative $36 million, reflecting the continued funding of new loan originations at Snap-on Credit. The operating company generated positive free cash flow of $58.3 million in the quarter, representing a $33 million increase over the prior year. Capital expenditures of $14.6 million in the quarter and $61 million for the full year, included continued spending to support our strategic growth initiatives, including the expansion and enhancement of manufacturing capabilities in both the U.S. and abroad. As seen on Slide 13, day sales outstanding for trade receivables of 58 days at 2011 year end, improved from 61 days at 2010 year end. Inventories increased approximately $60 million from 2010 year-end levels, largely to support higher demand, mitigate potential supply chain disruption and improve customer service levels. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 4.2x compared to 4.7x at 2010 year end, reflective of the higher inventory. Sequentially, inventory [indiscernible] 4.1x in Q3. Our year-end cash position of $186 million decreased $387 million from 2010 year-end levels, principally due to the $200 million August debt repayment. Funding for new loans originated by Snap-on Credit. The previously disclosed $89.8 million second quarter repayment of amounts withheld from CIT and a $48 million discretionary pension contribution. Our net debt to capital ratio of 34.3% compares to 30.1% at 2010 year end, reflecting the uses of cash in 2011 that I just reviewed. In addition to our $186 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, including our $500 million revolving credit facility and $200 million loan and servicing agreement. In addition, our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper market should we choose to do so. As of 2011 year end, no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities. This concludes my remarks on the fourth quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few [Audio Gap] 2012 as outlined in this morning's release. We anticipate that capital expenditures in 2012 will be in a range of $60 million to $70 million. Our restructuring expenses for the year are expected to include an estimated $6 million to $8 million charge in the second quarter associated with the settlement of a pension plan related to the 2011 closure of the Newmarket, Canada facility. Exclusive of this charge, pension expense in 2012 is expected to be comparable with 2011 levels. During 2012, we intend to make required contributions of $12.6 million to our foreign pension plans and $18.3 million to our domestic pension plans. Depending on market and other conditions, we may elect to make discretionary contributions to our domestic plans. Finally, we anticipate a full year effective income tax rate of approximately 33.5%. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Nick for his closing thoughts.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, to wrap up, we're quite encouraged by our results for the full year in general and for the fourth quarter in particular. Our attention to the Snap-on Value Creation Processes are driving real improvement. OpCo operating margins for the year and the quarter were up from last year, 140 basis points and 150 basis points, respectively, both significant increases. And we continue to bring the credit company on-book with reliability, without disruption and with profitability, just as we said we would. We believe we're making clear advancements on our strategic runways for coherent growth, the van network is more robust, profits are up, turnover is down. RS&I is expanding our offering to shop owners and managers in new places. Our growth in critical industries within double digits, and we've built more physical capability in emerging markets with the opening of our new engineering center in Kunshan. As usual, we do have continuing challenges in Europe and other places, but the strength of our strategic initiatives brought us to an almost 6% organic sales gain in this quarter, well into our target post-recovery range, despite the headwinds. And our operating company in common, OI margin for both the quarter and the year, represent record levels for our company despite the headwinds. Summing it all up, we're encouraged by the results, by the progress they evidence, by the strength they confirm and most of all, by the prospects they imply.  I'll end, as we always do, by recognizing that the performance over the quarter and the year reflects the special dedication of our Snap-on associates and franchisees around the world.  I know that many of you are listening. You are the ones who have created this performance and have made this trend possible. For your extraordinary contribution to Snap-on and for your unwavering commitment to our team, you have my congratulations and you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to David Leiker with Robert W. Baird.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is Joe on the line for David. I'm sorry I hopped on the call a little late, so I apologize if you gave this number. But the past few quarters, you've given us C&I organic growth number x Europe, would you happen to know them?
Aldo J. Pagliari: C&I number x Europe, I don't know if we've given that in the past. I think we gave it Southern Europe in the past, I'm not sure we have that or interested in giving that or will give that at this time. If you want to call back later maybe we...
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, I was just -- rather to have, I guess, excluding the headwinds, so Southern Europe but I...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: The thing to do, if you -- what I will tell you is this, Europe breaks down pretty much like this. If you look at our businesses in Europe, we have Southern Europe and Southern Europe is down further than it has been in the past, 15% to 20% now. And so that is particularly right down the center of C&I. This time, we have an impact on the Equipment -- we have the Equipment business, which is down in Europe Now I'm not sure if that's economy related or just 1/4 motion, because the Equipment business can be a little lumpy. And last year, there was a couple of shows in Europe that made it difficult, and that made the comparisons difficult. But the rest of Europe for us is up 2% to 3%. Now that's softened from where we were. If you pull out -- I suspect if you pull out everything out of all the European businesses out of C&I, you're talking about a 5% to 6% to 7% growth in C&I, so you're still seeing a pretty robust business if you take Europe out of it. Now I will call your attention to, if you weren't on the call, the big pieces that's very strong in C&I is the Industrial business, and we've been mentioning that our runway for growth and in critical industries has been open for us. And in the past quarters, it's been masked by the military activity going down. But this quarter, with the military activity comparisons being a little softer on a year-over-year basis, that business grew by double digits. So in balance, you have C&I down, you have C&I impacted by Europe but still growing in our 4% to 6% range, so let's say at around this 5% to 6% range without Europe.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: All right, great. And I actually wanted to touch on the other growth aspect of C&I, the emerging market piece. Do you happen to know what Thailand as a percent of that segment represents, because I'd imagine with all the flooding, they're going to need a lot of car repair in the near term?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Would you think less of me if I admitted to not knowing the Thailand number at this time. But if you want to call in, we may have it. I think our business is reasonable in Thailand but a kind of secondary market. The big markets in Asia are India, China, Japan, Indonesia, Philippines. Thailand would be in the second level around Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand. I think you're right. I think there is opportunity for it to grow there. We have a good share. We have a reasonable position, at least in the, I guess, top end of the market.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: All right. And then one last one for me, the Tools business obviously had a great quarter and organic growth accelerated sequentially, growing 9% wherein Q3 it looks like it was up 6% organic. You've always talked about that business being maybe at the lower end of the 4% to 6% sustainable range. I'm just wondering, going from 9%, what's going on in that business that's enabling such strong growth and where do you see it going forward to the next...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think one quarter does not a whole trend make. So I wouldn't get -- I don't think we get excited about any of our businesses, particularly about one quarter or another. I think you can't draw any conclusions, big conclusions from one quarter. But I'll say this, the Tools Group, we have said for a long time that they have to deal with a certain fixed space, the technicians in the United States. But then we have also said very quickly that our vans call on only a subset -- fully enabled, our vans only call on a subset of that space because they've just -- it's a productivity issue. They only have so many hours in the week, because they have to call on these people every week. And if we can enable them with RCI, then volume will accrue. And that's what's been happening. You're seeing RCI flow through the vans. Now is it going to happen at 9% every quarter? I don't know. I can't comment on that. But I think what you're seeing in the robust quarter is a combination of things, but one of the major factors is the effect of that van network being more robust, being more productive and therefore, capturing more sales of those technicians and calling on more of them.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: If you had to give a baseball analogy, how much more room you have to go in the productivity initiatives with the van network, where would you think you're at?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't have to give a small analogy though, but I don't know. I think there's quite a bit of runway there, but we have said, I think, our targets, our range is 4% to 6%. We've said that the Tools Group, because of the fixed nature of its business, will be at the lower end of that with RS&I in the middle and C&I at the top end. And we don't -- nothing in this quarter tells us that, that's wrong. Okay?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jim Lucas with Janney Capital Market.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: This is Mike Wherley standing in. You guys mentioned restructuring in Europe in the C&I business and I was just wondering, have you resized the SNA Europe to reset up a lower demand level or do you still have belief that those markets are coming back?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: We believe the markets are coming back. What you see in the restructuring is simply the effect of RCI rolling through that business so we can do our target with less.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. So no change to sort of the size of...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, we might. Jim, we might have closed -- we didn't close any big operations or anything like that or rationalize the distribution. We're just -- I think this is what I would call aggressively RCI-ing the business.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then when we look at RS&I, the revenue growth, it's still there but it decelerated from like 5% and 10% the last 2 quarters. And I'm just wondering, relative to like that 10% 2 quarters ago, how much of that is due to Europe versus just some tougher comps as you came out in the downturn.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Both, Jim. I think that if you're looking at the 10%, that's the easier comps. When you go back and you look at the trend of RS&I, I mean the growths were 11%, 7%, 9%, 6%, 4%, 8%. so you saw it coming off the easier comps. And in fact, some of those businesses were slower to come back than others. So you saw that rolling through the business. Rolling through that sector. What you saw in the fourth quarter was fundamentally the equipment business being a little bit off the boil. And I don't -- and a lot of it's in Europe and we're not sure how to interpret that. I'm not willing to say it's economic-related, I just think we do see from time to time lumpiness in the Equipment business. So the 2.4% in organic and RS&I in the quarter, yes, it's below what we would normally expect, but not I would call what I'd say concerning to us or alarming.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: But would you say it's more from the weakness in Europe than tougher comps?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I'd say so. I'd say so. Yes, I'd say that. I'd say that.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And then just the last question I had on the Financial Services portfolio...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: So let me clarify that for a minute, if I could. The one thing, the one clarification that as I said, I think, in the last point is that Europe Equipment business had in itself a noneconomic tougher comp because it has every other year's show cycles and so therefore, there's some of that flowing through this business. So all things being equal, we would have not expected as robust the fourth quarter out of RS&I because of this. Now I'm not saying that accounts for all of this, but that's a factor.
Michael J. Wherley - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. The last question I had was on Financial Services and you talk about that portfolio being over $1 billion, a little bigger than you had thought before -- by the end of next year or -- and I'm just wondering is that more because the Tools Group is doing well or is it because of other credit offerings outside the Tools Group?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Mike, this is Aldo. It really reflects a higher pace of growth in the Snap-on Tools Group. We do like to work closely with the Tools Group, it's one of the advantages of having a captive finance company. So the Snap-on Credit Corporation works intimately with them to design programs that encourage greater levels of participation. So what I think you see is that we've had a more rapid of ramp-up of originations in the Snap-on Credit Company, reflecting really increased financial health and commercial health of the franchisee network, and that spills over into their customer base. And I think that's why you see some increased performance in the Tools Group itself, and Snap-on Credit also participates in like fashion.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Richard Hilgert with MorningStar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: On the RCI Slide -- I'm sorry the C&I Slide...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Do you mean RS&I?
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: No, C&I.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: C&I, okay.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: The gross profit line, if I add back the $2.9 million in restructuring costs, I'm still coming up with a 37% of sales gross profit margin. So that leaves us with 140 basis points decline in margin from year-over-year. So I'm wondering, you had mentioned the RCI going through Europe and you've got some restructuring that you're going to do because of it, and you're going to be able to do more with less over there. Does that get us the 140 basis points of margin that we used to have? Or is there pricing pressure over there too?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, let me just speak to that a moment. First, I think it's just -- I think the most -- I guess, the most informative way to look at C&I is not necessarily gross margin, because what you have flowing through that is you have business mix, for example, as some of that. I'm not saying it's the whole effect but I'm saying some of it, it gets distorted by the fact that when Asia-Pacific grows, Asia-Pacific is, by definition, a low gross margin business and a low OE business, still as profitable from an OI business. So that tends to reek a little bit of distortion, Richard, on that gross margin line. So if you roll over to OI which is still down, 140 basis points or something and you say, "Okay, 90 basis points of that is restructuring," you're still down 50 basis points -- what's wrong, what's the problem. And the problem is Europe, you put your finger on it. And in Europe, there are 3 things going on. One is Southern Europe is down again and you may not have heard this, but I've said this on the calls before, for us, Southern Europe was our highest profitability and margin business. So there is a mix question as Southern Europe shrinks further for us on a year-over-year comparison basis. That creates some impact. Then there is the question of -- they have a cocktail of currencies, they source from a number different places on renminbi and the Argentine peso and a number of different places. And those things turn somewhat favorably, so that's some impact. And then, which I think is the more interesting view is, we have in Europe what we're calling a stimulus program where we focus on places where we think we could gain with customers by having programs that attached a little bit more effort, a little bit more support, a little bit more price support. And those kinds of things impact as well. It worked for us in the recession in the United States. We had a stimulus program that targeted places where we thought we could advance our position, and that's what we're playing out in Europe. So those are the 3 factors that have tended to pretty much move that OI margin down. Now are we going to get back? I think that's the intent over time, but I'm not saying that -- I don't think you can say, "Look, we made these restructuring actions in Europe, and that's going to fix the problem," because the problem in Southern Europe is frankly too deep to be fixed by RCI actions. Our whole structure in Europe is -- our whole view, approach to Europe is saying, "Look, we're watching our customers, we're watching our distribution, we're seeing our share and we believe this market's coming back. We think we'll be stronger than before and therefore, we're just preparing for that day because we think we can capitalize on that."
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: The car market over in Europe is quite a bit different. The repair business, the artisan keeping his tools to do his trade is the same. But over in Europe, you've got about 1/2 of the cars that belong to fleets. How does that dynamic factor in when we've got a slowing economic environment? I would think that these corporations would be holding onto these vehicles longer and trying to get more use out of them, therefore, there might be more repair opportunities. Is that how to look at it?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I think that might be true. I think you'll be entitled to that assumption. It certainly happened in the United States as people -- as new car volumes go down. People hold on their cars longer and that drives more repair, so that would be one tailwind we would see. Now remember when we're talking about Europe, we're less auto-centric than we are in the United States, but that's what still give us a boost, because we have our automotive business in Europe. And the way we structured that wouldn't all come out of C&I. We've seen some of it in Tools, we've seen some of -- that phenomena you're talking about, we've seen some of it in Tools, we've seen some of it in RS&I and so on, but it would be a clear tailwind for us.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, good. Last area I wanted to touch on was again this objective of achieving $1 billion plus on the balance sheet for Financial Services. As time goes by and we see economic improvement over here in the U.S. and new car sales start to improve, on the one hand, we might have a decline in the aftermarket in the sense that people aren't keeping the used car as much. They're getting more new. But on the other hand, as that economic conditions improve, there might be more creation of additional repair shops, which would need tooling to get up and running. Is that part of where the increase in the funding or the receivables comes from is an assumption that we'll see an increase in franchisees, and because there's an increase in the number of shops coming as the economy improves?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Again, Richard, Aldo. I'll answer that as best I can. I think the growth in the portfolio, as envisioned, is mostly on the extended credit portfolio side, which is the bread and butter of what we do. It makes up 81% of what we do today. And I think the lion share of the growth beyond where we're at right now, the additional $125 million, I think we see on the slide that $95 million or so come -- or 77% of those, still come from extended credit. So again, that's catering to the mechanic as an end customer via the franchise network. What you hinted at, there will be some of it that's called -- what we call the leasing, when shop owners -- it's a small piece of what we do, it makes them about 4% to 5% of the Snap-on Credit portfolio today as leasing activity. When the shop owners sometimes needs financing, they will sometimes consider Snap-on credit as a source. But that's a little bit of a different credit profile, different bit of a mix and therefore, they have other alternatives available for them, they have -- can have local banks that might be available for them as a source of funds, as well as Snap-on Credit as well as other leasing companies. So to answer your question if shops expand, that does create an opportunity for Snap-on credit to grow, but the lion share of the growth that we're talking about is just the increased participation of our activity with mechanics as end customers.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: But I think you're -- I just want to add to that. I think you're right about an underlying sort of macro in there. And that generally, in markets we have seen, one of the great things about being in critical industries in automotive repair is critical tasks. And automotive repair is one of those, is they tend to move upwards as the world facilitized. For example, you mentioned new cars and so on, but new cars, the new car market in the United States, has been up or down. It's $9 million, $10 million, I think $17 million. And despite that, cars have gotten older every year since 1980. So the idea of the repair and demand keeps going upward, and I think that is just an underlying trend that says, "Okay, there are going to be more shops." There's going to be more demand for repair, and in fact, when you look at the statistics about the average household spend on automotive repair, it's going up. It went up again last quarter and it's been going up pretty much regularly every quarter for a long time. So you're correct at putting your finger on one of the great driving points behind these macro driving points behind this businesses.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just as a follow-on to that, what's the anticipated growth rate in the number of franchisees for the coming couple of years?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think -- I don't think we're going to see it move up that much. We have 3,400 -- depends on the geography in the United States, we have 3,467 now that moved a couple in the past few years. You might see some increase, but our play -- I think the play about numbers of franchisees is not there. What will happen, we believe, is efficiency. One, franchisees, the individuals will reach more customers, they call on 800,000 now, there are 1.3 million in the United States. They can call on more. It's a productivity issue. It's what I said before. Two, we have turnover, and it's an all-time low, but it's still about 8% a year. So you do the math and you figure out how many turnover, a couple -- 300 a year. And our ability to fill them quickly has to do with our ability to serve the market. So we get better every quarter at filling those things, and that adds capacity, even within the same number of shares. So the effect for the Tools Group is more around productivity for the vans themselves, that's the growth place. And our productivity internally, where we could be more efficient and popping somebody in when they're ready to retire.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions here. Hey Aldo, in terms of the overhead expenses related to Snap-on Credit, is that still running at about $25 million to $30 million?
Aldo J. Pagliari: I think as a ratio, Gary, the best I can determine, let's say you're in the 6% range, if you look at what percent of revenues that they tend to generate, you'll see good drop through. The biggest expense that flexes as you grow the portfolio is really the provision for bad debt. As you grow the portfolio, you have to have -- anticipate bad debt expense that goes along with that. To me that's the biggest variable expense. Of course, there's underlying structural additions you look at. And we always look ahead to will it be increased costs of compliance. So there's some variables out there on the horizon, and we don't really give guidance around it. But it's a pretty scalable organization, but you don't have to have lots of incremental [ph] costs to grow.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Is that 6% of Financial Services revenue, 6% of the total loans out there?
Aldo J. Pagliari: I'm looking at 6%, if you look at the top line more or less, if you look at where you're at. The financial expenses run in the order of about $50 million, $51 million, I believe, they were on a full year basis this year. So that's about -- that'll grow a little bit going forward. The biggest variable expense is really a provision for bad debt expense.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's fine. And then, Nick, you kind of mentioned in your talk that throughout the quarter you started Q4, obviously, Europe continues to weaken and we know the problems in the South and -- but can you maybe comment on what you're seeing so far in the quarter? Is there any changes there? I mean has it gotten worse in terms of both the North and South?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I hate to comment on the South of Europe because I seem to be -- I remember I was on one of these calls one time and I think I said I thought it bottomed out, and that turned out to be misinformed. So that was a long time ago. But we're not -- we don't give guidance, but I can say I don't think we're seeing any sea change, what -- we're seeing kind of the same stuff that we saw. And the interesting thing about Europe is if you look at it, it's kind of the same characteristics that we saw before, it's just that it generally weakened. The South is worse and then for us, the North was better and the Middle was kind of middling and that kind of thing, but we're not seeing any, I would say, any implosion or something like that.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. It's just I asked those questions because it's in the headlines constantly, and you'd think it's falling off a cliff. Okay. And then one thing you did mention in terms of especially in the RS&I, or Repair and Infosystems, you talked about the products you sell generally offer productivity improvements. Have you ever mentioned like what kind of return, what productivity return a shop gets from some of these products that you're putting through there?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: We haven't mentioned it. We haven't mentioned it. It becomes so specific as, I think, being difficult. You kind of have to look at a particular shop and a particular product. I mean, some of them are things like let's take in an aligner, for example. It's hard to measure the idea that -- what the productivity return will be if I can have the aligner run by anybody in the shop as opposed to a specific aligner tech. And that's the kind of thing that happens. And also though, it happens faster and so on. So we have a number of those things, but they're very specific to the shop condition because as an example I just pointed out, if you have an aligner tech, a specific aligner tech and some shop have had them and you bring in the aligner, was one of our new aligners and anybody can do it while you can in fact, redeploy that aligner tech and you get great productivity. But if you're a shop that didn't use aligner techs and kind of muddle along without them, then it isn't quite as much a productivity improvement or as dramatic a productivity improvement. So it really depends on the particular situation. Now if you wanted to go to a garage and look at them, we could probably take you through the elements of that in the specific situation. I think that would be more effective.
Operator: We'll take a follow-up question from David Leiker's line.
Joseph D. Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: All my questions have been answered.
Operator: And seeing no further question in our queue at this time, I'll turn the conference back over to Leslie Kratcoski for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Great. Thanks, Yolanda, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. As always, a replay of the call will be available on snapon.com later today. We appreciate your participation this morning, and your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you, all, once again, for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Aldo J. Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Leslie H. Kratcoski - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Jarrod Rapalje - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Snap-on Inc. 2011 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. And now your host for today's conference, Ms. Leslie Kratcoski, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Kratcoski, please go ahead, ma'am.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Rufus, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's third quarter 2011 results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions.  As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website, next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call, relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information on the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I’ll now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everyone. Well, I would characterize our third quarter as an extension of the broad progress we’ve been making for quite some time. And I would say that the continuing trend is especially encouraging in light of the generally negative macroeconomic news we seem to be hearing almost every day. Overall, our sales in the quarter were up 6.8%. Excluding currency, organic volumes increased 3.6%. Now last year's third quarter did create some tough year-over-year optics, because we were in the midst of a fairly robust recovery, and there really wasn't any of the normal 5% seasonal sequential decline we usually see in the third quarter.  From that perspective, this year's sequential downtick of 3.5% was a bit better then usual. So this period's volume is a positive indicator. Operating income for the quarter rose by over 37%, and our operating margin of 15.8% was up from 12.5% last year. Now those numbers include $15.8 million in higher earnings from Financial Services, and that's the result of the continuing ramp up of our on-book portfolio.  Looking at the results before Financial Services. The third quarter operating margin of 13.5% was up 140 basis points, in part aided by that favorable mark-to-market adjustments highlighted in our release. But even excluding those adjustments, Opco operating income in the period represents a new record high for a Snap-on third quarter.  We believe the advancements we're making are a great testimony to the effectiveness of the Snap-on Value Creation Processes, the principles and processes we apply every day in moving the company forward: safety, quality, customer connection, innovation, Rapid Continuous Improvement or RCI. It's that framework that enables our progress and it's driving our strong profitability.  As usual, I'll now review some of the highlights for the quarter, provide my perspective on the market environment and offer a view on the strategic areas we've identified as being decisive for our future, extending to critical industries, building in emerging markets, enhancing the franchise network and expanding in the garage. Regarding the overall environment, I'll just comment that based on our various businesses, it can be characterized as generally unchanged from the past several quarters. I view that as a real positive, because if you pick up the paper or watch the news on any given day, you'll get the feeling that there's been a decided turn for the worst, but we're just not seen it. That said, I do think the well-documented troubles in Europe are creating a bit more uncertainty, and therefore, less visibility. But we’ve had a high level of European uncertainty as well as a headwind in Southern Europe for quite a while, and we've managed through it by taking advantage in other places where opportunities are expanding like in emerging markets and in critical industries and in automotive repair. So there is some uncertainty as there has been for some time. But we're not seeing any overriding downturn.  Probably the best summary measure I can give you is this. In the third quarter, our volumes, excluding the effect of currency movements, were above the third quarter levels of both 2007 and 2008, the strongest period before the recession took hold. That same comparison for the first 2 quarters of this year showed 2011 slightly below those earlier year levels. So if recapture of pre-recession level is your measure of recovery momentum, our third quarter was another favorable data point, and it occurred despite the bad news all over the press. Moving to the highlights of the operating segments. The Commercial & Industrial Group sales increased 6.6%, that's 2.6% organic growth excluding currency. The operating margin was 10.6%, a 20 basis point improvement from the second quarter, but down from the 11.7% last year, reflecting the concentration of our major headwinds in this segment, the weakness in Southern Europe as well as contracted military spending. These challenges primarily impact the C&I Group where SNA Europe has a strong position in Spain and Portugal and where our Industrial division has felt the impact of the reduced military spending.  In the balance of the C&I Group, outside of those specific areas, volumes were actually up much more robustly, about 8% organically. Those gains reflect the progress being made in our primary areas of C&I strategic focus, building our presence in emerging markets and extending into critical industries.  Speaking of emerging markets, the gains continue to be far in excess of any related GDP growth rate, and the expansion isn't just limited to Asia. We’re posting significant gains in the emerging European regions. Places like Russia and Turkey are growing rapidly. So I guess, when you say emerging markets, the focus is most of on Asia; the discussion is Asia. And we did see exceptionally strong gains across that region as well, in places like India, in Indonesia, and, of course, in China. We're investing continuously in the region and it's paying off with growing position.  In that regard, our Asian product offering is expanding. Our Undercar Equipment lineup, aligners in particular has been ramping up and rolling out over the past few quarters. And as you would expect this is a product that is specifically designed for Asia, and coupled with our new Asian Diagnostic Products, which I discussed last quarter, we're not only driving growth in the region but we're building a strong presence as the repair wave is just rising in China. We said all along that we'll continue to invest in those areas that are strategically important. And we're doing just that in China. We're in the process of building a new engineering and R&D center in that country. It will be state-of-the-art. It will support a wide range of Asianized product and it’ll help continue our rapid growth all over the region. In addition to emerging markets, we're also building our position in critical industries. Our Aviation & Aerospace sales, served through our Industrial division, grew strongly in the quarter. I've spoken about our ever-expanding offering for those customers, while we're highlighting that broadened array of products with what we call our Advanced Technology Labs. These are large trucks, loaded with aviation offering, trav -- with our aviation offering, traveling site to site to assembly plants, to hangars and to maintenance and repair and overhaul locations. We find it to be a great way to demonstrate the product right in the workplace and it's helping drive our growth. Every month, we're getting orders from new customers for tool control systems and toolkits, for flight lines, for assembly operations and for those MRO facilities. Importantly, as you would expect, our position is improving across the globe here. Aviation is an industry that is growing internationally. It's certainly critical and it's right in the Snap-on wheelhouse.  On to the Tools Group where sales were up 8.1%, including about 2 points from currency. The operating margin of 12.7% was an increase of 180 basis points from last year. The Tools Group is where we serve professional automotive technicians and they value Snap-on. That fact was recently highlighted, once again, by -- as we came out on top in Frost & Sullivan’s survey of technicians’ brand preferences in hand tools, diagnostics, tools storage, power tools and pneumatic air tools. We always distance ourselves from the competition by wide margins in this survey, but this year's results showed Snap-on even further in the lead with record levels of professional technicians choosing Snap-on in several of those categories. For example, in hand tools, 75% of technicians surveyed preferred Snap-on.  The next highest brand registered only 8%. Now with that sort of position, it's no wonder that our franchise network is strong. Volumes in the third quarter for our franchisees were very robust. And the franchisee-held metrics, which we closely monitored, continued their favorable trend.  The Snap-on Franchisee Conference, which was held in August, provided more evidence of progress in strengthening our franchise system, another one of our primary strategic objectives, strengthening that system. This conference was quite a success, record participation and higher than ever product ordering activity. And aside from the metrics and the sales levels, the enthusiasm, the enthusiasm on display was considerable and contagious. All of this is testimony that our network is well positioned and moving in the right direction. Now for the Repair System Information segment or the RS&I Group. Sales were up 7.3% or 4.7% without the favorable effect of currency. The gains were somewhat muted by the return to a more typical seasonal decline in our Undercar Equipment business, which had been particularly strong in the third quarter of 2010. The RS&I operating margin of 19.6% remained very strong, but was down from last year's level of, I think, 20.1%, mainly due to growth in our Facilitation business that serves OEM dealerships. That lower margin activity was up strongly as OEMs continue to commit to additional essential tools in diagnostic programs throughout the U.S. and in Europe. One of the highlights in RS&I for the third quarter was the launch of our SOLUS Ultra, a new full-function handheld diagnostic unit. We introduced it at the August Franchisee Conference and it made a big splash. It offers some real advancements, ease-of-use, functionality, starting with the faster boot-up and a battery that charged directly from the vehicle so never any worries about power availability. It also had a keyless adapter that makes connections to the vehicle much easier. And it has high-resolution graphing on a touch screen that is 50% larger than the competition. This tool is always ready to be used with improved simplicity and productivity and it’s helping support the strong results in RS&I.  I mentioned earlier that the Equipment division returned to its normal seasonality in the third quarter, and that counterization is driven by the fact that Snap-on has a strong position in the European equipment market where summers, they tend to be a bit slower. Our Undercar Equipment lineup in fact is where we're seeing some strong international expansion. I already mentioned the liners in my discussion of Asian growth, but we're seeing the same kind of thing in Brazil and in the emerging markets of Eastern Europe. We're posting solid gains in those areas. Our equipment lineup is instrumental in advancing us along 2 of our strategic runways, expanding in the garage and building in emerging markets with leading technologies that does provide a real advantage. An example of one recent new product in this area, just being launched in Europe, is our new RFV 2000 diagnostic wheel balancer. It’s already getting considerable attention and winning innovation awards right out of the blocks. We've taken our patented imaging technology to analyze the interaction between the wheel and the suspension system so this new unit predicts and will head off any vibrations, all in just a few spins of the wheel, achieving a balance quicker than ever before.  The RFV 2000 also laser maps the side wall and the wheel and the tire tread providing a picture of the actual and predicted tire wear, heading off any future problems. That's a feature that's going to be valued by shop owners everywhere when they’re dealing with car owners.  So that's some of the highlights in each of the operating units, and while I just mentioned some of the new products in the RS&I Group, let me expand that discussion a bit as it relates to the entire corporation and to the Snap-on value creation processes. Two of the tenets embedded in this framework are innovation and customer connection. We have a great legacy in both those areas. And we believe a huge advantage in the number of customer interactions that our people, whether they're franchisees or associates, have with professional users, those who actually benefit from our productivity enhancing tools, that customer connection gives us great insight for developing new products. So not only do professionals prefer Snap-on as evidenced by the survey data, but we're using that strong customer connection to make sure our product line just keeps getting better with new innovative offerings that customers greatly value.  Just recently, we were honored to have won 2 MOTOR Magazine Top 20 Tool Award. These awards recognize products that will help make the jobs of technicians and shop owners easier, enabling them to perform vehicle repair more accurately and more quickly. One of the winning products was the RFV 2000 that I already mentioned. The other was the VERDICT diagnostic and information systems, a modular handheld unit that includes a touch screen and wirelessly connects to the vehicle. It also includes Wi-Fi access and Windows multitasking so that technicians can access more information, including our Mitchell 1 shop key repair information system, and they can do it from anywhere in the garage. I've spoken about this product in the past and I think at that time, I told you it was great innovation. Well, this award confirms that fact. As further testimony to the effectiveness of customer connection and our innovation processes, Snap-on was also named winner of 4 innovation awards by Professional Tool & Equipment News. Our products were voted the best in tool storage, the best in lifts, the best in shop equipment and the best in tool accessories. The importance of this recognition is that the judges are professionals, people that make their living using these very products, independent shop owners and skilled technicians. In that regard, these awards speak strongly not only to Snap-on product innovations, but to our strong connection to our customers. It's a unique Snap-on advantage, and it's paying dividends.  So that's our third quarter: Encouraging financials, clear evidence of strategic progress and a strong pipeline full of new and exciting products. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo for a more detailed -- more detail on the financials. Aldo?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Net sales in the third quarter of $697.2 million increased $44.1 million or 6.8% year-over-year. Excluding favorable currency translation of $19.6 million, organic sales increased 3.6% as we realized year-over-year sales growth across the majority of our businesses. Continued sales increases in the Snap-on Tools Group, higher essential tool and facilitation program sales to OEM dealerships, expansion in emerging markets and growth to a wide range of customers in critical industries, more than offset anticipated lower sales for the military and across Southern Europe. As Nick also noted, these sales levels reflect a return to a more traditional seasonal pattern where we typically experience lower sequential sales moving from the second quarter to the third quarter. This seasonal pattern was largely absent in 2010 as the economy was rebounding from 2009 recession levels. Consolidated gross profit of $329.3 million in the quarter increased $28.1 million from 2010 levels, reflecting contributions from higher sales, $9.5 million of favorable foreign currency effects, savings from our ongoing cost-reduction and rapid continuous improvement or RCI initiatives and $1 million of lower restructuring cost. Consolidated gross margin of 47.2% in the quarter improved 110 basis points from 46.1% last year.  Operating expenses in the quarter of $235 million increased $12.6 million from 2010 levels. The year-over-year operating expense increase includes volume-related and other costs as well as $5.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, $3.1 million of expected higher pension expense, $2.6 million of increased performance-based compensation expense and $1.8 million of higher restructuring cost. As noted in our earnings release, mark-to-market adjustments on stock-based compensation, which are calculated on the quarter ending stock price, also benefited third quarter results. The change in Snap-on's period-end stock price resulted in a benefit of $7.8 million or $0.09 per diluted share in the quarter. And while we always have some impact from mark-to-market in our results, recent stock market declines resulted in the significant third quarter benefit. Similarly, should the price of Snap-on stock appreciate during a given quarter, we would incur mark-to-market expense. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses in the quarter of 33.7% improved 30 basis points from 34% last year from a restructuring cost of $2.9 million in the quarter compared to $2.1 million last year.  Operating earnings from Financial Services of $20.8 million improved $15.8 million from third quarter 2010 levels. As expected, Financial Services operating earnings continues to grow as our on-book Finance portfolio grows. Consolidated operating earnings of $115.1 million or 15.8% of total revenues increased 330 basis points from 12.5% a year ago, with the mark-to-market contributing 110 basis points. Interest expense of $15.1 million in the quarter increased $1.6 million from 2010 levels primarily due to higher average debt levels to fund the growth in our contract portfolio of Snap-on credit, partially offset by lower average interest rates.  Our third quarter effective income tax rate of 31.7% was lower than last year's 34.4% rate, primarily due to the favorable resolution of certain tax matters. Finally, third quarter net earnings of earnings per share of $67.8 million or $1.16 per diluted share increased $21.3 million or 45.8% from last year's levels. Even without the $0.09 of benefit from mark-to-market, these net earnings and earnings per share represent an all-time third quarter record. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with the Commercial & Industrial, or C&I Group, on Slide 7. Sales of $278.3 million for the third quarter improved 6.6% from 2010 levels. Excluding currency translation, sales rose 2.6%. C&I benefited from double-digit gains in both Asia and Eastern Europe. These higher year-over-year sales to a wide range of customers in emerging markets as well as critical industries were partially offset by expected lower sales to the military and ongoing weakness across Southern Europe. Gross profit of $102.8 million in the quarter increased $6.6 million or 6.9% from 2010 levels, primarily due to higher sales, $2.9 million of favorable foreign currency effects and $1.2 million of a lower restructuring cost. Gross margin of 36.9% in the quarter improved slightly from 36.8% last year. Operating expenses of $73.2 million in the quarter were up $7.6 million from 2010 levels, primarily due to the volume related and other expenses, $2.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects and $1.8 million of higher restructuring costs, largely for the ongoing optimization of our cost structure in Europe.  As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 26.3% in the quarter compared to 25.1% last year. Third quarter operating earnings of $29.6 million for this C&I segment declined $1 million from 2010 levels, largely due to overall higher restructuring costs. As a percentage of sales, operating margin of 10.6% in the C&I segment compared with 11.7% last year. Turning now to Slide 8. Third quarter sales of the Snap-on Tools Group improved $20.9 million or 8.1% year-over-year, largely due to continued higher sales in the U.S. And on an organic basis, sales were up 6%. Gross profit in the Snap-on Tools Group of $125.2 million in the quarter increased $17.5 million from last year's levels, primarily due to higher sales across several product categories, favorable manufacturing utilization and $4.8 million of favorable currency effects. As a percentage of sales, gross margin of 44.8% in the Snap-on Tools Group improved 320 basis points from 41.6% last year. Operating expenses of $89.6 million in the quarter increased $10.1 million from 2010 levels, primarily due to higher volume related and other expenses including higher cost as a result of increased participation at the Annual Snap-on Franchisee Conference and $1.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 32.1% in the quarter compared with 30.7% last year. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $35.6 million in the quarter increased $7.4 million or 26.2% from the $28.2 million earned last year. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings of 12.7% in the quarter increased 180 basis points from 10.9% last year. Turning to the Repair Systems & Information or RS&I Group as shown on Slide 9. Third quarter sales of $222.6 million increased 7.3% year-over-year. Excluding currency translation, organic sales increased 4.7%, primarily due to higher sales in our Equipment Solutions business, which facilitates essential tool programs for OEMs. Gross profit of $101.3 million in the quarter increased $4 million from prior year levels, primarily due to higher sales and $1.8 million of favorable foreign currency effects. Gross margin of 45.5% in the quarter declined 140 basis points from 2010 levels, largely reflecting the growth in essential tool facilities and program sales to OEM dealerships which yield relatively lower gross margins. Operating expenses of $57.6 million in the quarter increased $2 million from 2010 levels, primarily due to $1.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects and higher volume-related expenses, partially offset by savings from ongoing RCI initiatives. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 25.9% improved 90 basis points from 26.8% last year. Operating earnings of $43.7 million for the RS&I Group increased $2 million or 4.8% from 2010 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating margin of 19.6% compared to 20.1% last year. Now turning to Slide 10. Third quarter operating earnings from Financial Services was $20.8 million on revenue of $32.7 million. This compares with operating earnings of $5 million or $17.2 million of revenue last year. We believe the $15.8 million year-over-year increase in operating earnings demonstrates the earnings potential of our growing on-book Finance portfolio. Originations of $153 million in the quarter rose 7.2% compared to last year's levels, reflecting both higher sales in our Snap-on tools segment and increased participation in our credit programs.  Moving to Slide 11. As of third quarter end, our balance sheet includes $896 million of gross financing receivables, including $751 million from our U.S. Snap-on Credit operation. In the U.S., $609 million or 81% of the financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. Since the beginning of 2011, our on-book financing portfolio has grown over $160 million. For the remainder of the year, we expect that our on-book finance portfolio will roughly increase by an additional $20 million to $25 million. The pace of the portfolios on balance sheet development continues as expected and naturally decelerates as the transition progresses. For 2012, we would expect any further expansion of the Snap-on credit portfolio to largely reflect activity in the Snap-on Tools Group. Regarding finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now turning to Slide 12. Net cash provided by operating activities was $42 million in the quarter. This compares to net cash provided of $10.2 million last year. Our quarter-end cash position of $186 million decreased $386 million from year-end levels, primarily due to the August repayment of $200 million of long-term notes, continued funding for new loans originated by Snap-on Credit and the previously disclosed second quarter repayment of amounts previously withheld from CIT.  As expected, free cash flow from Financial Services in the quarter was a negative $42 million, reflecting the continued funding of new loan originations at Snap-on Credit. Free cash flow from the operating company was a positive $35 million. Capital expenditures totaled $13.3 million in the quarter.  As seen on Slide 13, days sales outstanding for trade receivables of 58 days at quarter end improved from 61 days at 2010 year end. Inventories increased $70 million from year-end levels, primarily to support higher demand and seasonal inventory builds, mitigate potential supply chain disruption and to improve customer service levels. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 4.1x compared to 4.7x at 2010 year-end, reflective of the higher inventory.  Our net debt to capital ratio of 33.8% compares to 30.1% to 2010 year-end and 29.2% last year. The year-over-year increase results primarily from last December's $250 million bond issuance, net of this quarter's $200 million debt repayment and the second quarter repayment to CIT. In addition to our $186 million of cash and expected cash flow from operations, we have more than $700 million in available credit facilities, including $200 million under our recently amended loan and servicing agreement. In addition, our current short-term credit ratings allow us to access the commercial paper markets should we choose to do so. As of third quarter end, no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities.  During the quarter, Fitch initiated credit ratings on Snap-on of A- and F2, which is in addition to our existing ratings of A- and A2 from S&P and Baa1 and P2 for Moody's. This concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance, and I'll now turn the call back over to Nick for his closing thoughts.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Well, that's our quarter. Sales positive from a sequential perspective. And from the vantage point of capturing pre-recession levels, the volumes represent another step forward, better than either our 2007 or our 2008 third quarter activity. From a profit view, there were adjustments that helped, but even excluding those effects, both OpCo operating income and our EPS in the period represent record high profits for a Snap-on third quarter.  Regarding the environment. It was a third quarter, and as I have said in the past, there is considerable variation on third quarters due to vacations. On balance, however, looking at our overall results, it appears that just the same headwinds are in place, but the positive trends are continuing despite the bad news we get every day in the press. While our results don't indicate deterioration, the difficult macros -- the difficult macroeconomic bulletins do create some limits to our forward visibility; I think that's fair to say. But having said that, I'm confident that the advantages and strengths we bring to any environment, the Snap-on value creation process generates improvement in good times and in challenging times. Our runways for growth enhancing the network, expanding in the repair garage, extending the critical industry and building in emerging markets, they remain attractive and they’ve generated returns on our investments and on our energy for multiple quarters now. And we're fully confident they'll provide the same strong opportunities as we go forward to the days and the quarters and the years ahead. Before I finish though, I want to once again speak directly to our associates and franchisees around the world. I know many of you are listening or will replay this call later. The Snap-on third quarter was another encouraging period. And we all know that our financial and strategic progress would not be possible without your effort. So for your extraordinary contributions, for the wins you have achieved, and for your commitment to your team, you have my congratulations and you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And for our first question, we go to Jim Lucas with Janney Capital Markets.
James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I want to start first with 2 housekeeping questions. First, on the military comparisons. When do -- when does that anniversary? So that will be the first question.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I said the last quarter, and I think that this does certainly continue, it starts to abate going into the fourth quarter. We said last time it would be about another quarter of tough comparisons, starts to get a little bit better next quarter, and, of course, gets better as we go into the first quarter. So we start to get out of the worst of it as we move forward into the next quarter.
James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And the other housekeeping question. With the shift in the third quarter in RS&I to -- with some more facilitation sales, understanding the seasonal weakness on the under car side, as you look to the fourth quarter, would you expect the stronger facilitation sales to continue or shift back to more equipment?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think equipment comes back in the fourth quarter. It has a stronger fourth quarter so you’ll see that come back. Equipment historically has a weak third quarter. We'll see some snap back of that in the fourth quarter on a seasonal basis. I don't expect the facilitation business to back off in the fourth quarter though. So I think what you're going to see, looking forward is, as I've outlined I think, in our – as was outlined in our comments, you'll see a seasonal recovery of the Equipment business. And I think that will affect the mix in that way. OEM will stay -- the OEM facilitation business will stay about where it is.
James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And one of the things that you historically talked about, Nick, is demand for big-ticket items. And as we got out of the seasonally slow August, end of September, entering into the fourth quarter, I was wondering if you could just give us a update anecdotally what you're seeing out there in both the tools as well as the C&I side?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. We look at big ticket -- as you say, big ticket is kind of our bellwether for storms coming. And we haven't seen any back-off in the aggregate big ticket. If you're looking at that category, you're talking about tool storage units, larger equipment items and larger diagnostics. And that business has, in aggregate, been fairly strong. Now of course, it can be effective from quarter-to-quarter by product launches and shows and so on, but we feel still that we don't see any indication of downturn in that -- out of that data. In fact, our aligner business is, which is really sort of our ultimate big-ticket event is up quite strongly in this quarter.
James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And with regards to Europe, did you see any changes as the quarter progressed? Just wondering, I mean, I understand exactly where you're coming from. I mean, you're echoing what we're hearing from a lot of other companies and that if you don't read the headlines, things still look okay but have you seen any changes either from moderation of growth rates or anything in any specific countries or industries?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I hear you. I don't think so. Now I'll point out though that the third quarter is kind of squirrelly in Europe so if you’re going to look week-by-week or month-by-month, it's very hard to interpret anything. I think I've said that kind of consistently. But as I'd step back at it and look from a macro point of view, we don't see this. In fact, just as you said, I've said this many times and I think in the last fortnight, a number of people have said the same thing to me. If we could unplug the TVs and then withdraw from the Internet, people wouldn't be talking about a downturn. I just think our businesses look okay.
James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, very helpful. And then final question from me, very big picture, each quarter we tend to ask just updates on the capital allocation side. And given credit playing out as expected, the balance sheet kind of getting where you would expect it to be, the strong cash that you're generating, could you talk a little bit about how you think of the dividend policy, buybacks as well as opportunities on the acquisition side?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Sure. Our ranking for use of cash, one organic growth. We have lots of places we can put it. For example, some of the build in working capital in Asia and so on and then emerging markets and investing in capital expenditures support things like our R&D center and so on. Secondly would be acquisitions around that core coherent group, making us -- allowing us to expand in the garage, extend to critical industries or build in emerging market, any of those dimensions, we'd be looking at that. And then dividends, where we feel pretty strongly that our dividends for perpetuity, because we've never – we’ve paid a dividend every year since 1939 and never reduced it. So we look at moving our dividend up, but it's always in the context that we're never going to move, it's permanent for us. And then after that, we offset shares -- we offset dilution by buying back shares. So those are the orders in which we look at it.
James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And with regards to the dividend policy, I mean, I understand where you're coming from, but it's been some time since that’s been addressed, and just trying to get an idea how often that is addressed.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. I can just tell you that we look at it every quarter with the Board. And so I think you guys can draw your own conclusions in looking at our history in this kind of things. I think we moved it last November, right? So you guys can look at that and draw your own conclusions. I can only say we look at it every quarter.
Operator: And for our next question, we go to David Leiker with Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: A couple things here. You’ve touched on some of this, Nick just kind of put it all together, but as we look at the organic growth here in the quarter, slower, multiple reasons and understandable, some are tightening issues and things like that. As we look forward, do you think like a 4% or 5% organic growth is achievable over time in an economic environment that we're in today? We continue to muddle along in U.S. and Europe like we are. With the 4% to 5% organic number...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, sure. I think we've said 4% to 6%, and this is kind of in that range. I think we tried to make the point in the call that okay, this is a 3.5% percent or 3.6% growth, but actually if you look at it from the perspective of recapturing pre-recessionary levels, it's a fairly positive quarter. And so now we're back to pre-recession levels so I think you're talking about that 4% to 6% range going forward.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: But can you do that in an environment where in U.S. or Europe are growing 1% GDP or 0, negative 1?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. I think we can. I mean, I think that we have share gain to add. We have places where we have not unleashed the Snap-on brand. I think that's what coherent growth is all about. We're not looking at necessarily -- we're not necessarily looking at riding economics upwards. We're looking at, if you think about what we're doing, we're talking about taking the Snap-on brand to critical industries where it's never been done -- never done before in a real serious way. We're talking about emerging markets, which are growing at faster than whatever it is, 1% or 2%. And we know there are technicians we do not call on in the Tools Group. And we could do that. So I think we feel pretty good about that. Now I want to emphasize that I've said 4% to 6% kind of an annual over time basis. I'm not saying you can do it every single quarter, but I think if you look at those numbers, capturing more technicians through the efficiency of the vans, extending out into critical industries which are places we haven't gone before, which is kind of like share capture, building in emerging markets, where the wave is still rising and getting into the garage a little bit more by offering more products. I think those places ride above the specific GDP numbers. Now if everything crashes, and we have a really terrible situation like people are talking about the banks all holding up and everybody's worrying about putting money in their mattress or something, then that's a different situation. If you just talk about slow growth, we feel okay.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then I think -- just I want to confirm something I think I heard is that, if you look at the seasonality that you saw in the revenue line here in the quarter, this is probably a pretty normal quarter adjusting for distortions last year. Is that fair?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, yes. That's right. If you look at the second quarter, this is actually a little bit better. I mean, the thing is if you look at the second quarter -- normally, we're down 5% to 6%. We're down 3.5%. And so I would say this is within windage. The third quarter there’s always a lot of windage so we kind of view it as a kind of normal consequence of where we were at the second quarter.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then as we look at Q4 and into 2012, are there any particular initiatives or costs or unusual items or things like that, that we should be aware of as we look forward?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, I don't think so. I think we're going to be -- continue where we’re – well that’s what I said. We're controlled restructurers so we're going to be restructuring about the same; we might move a little bit more. I think -- I've said all along that because we think times are good, we're still unloosening our belt a little bit from where we restricted costs way back in 2009. So some of that flows through our P&L from time to time, but nothing huge, I don't think. And we're just doing the same things we've said we've been doing for a while.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. One other item here. On the Stanley call yesterday, they talked about some of the initiatives that they’re gaining some traction, particularly taken some of the professional tools, the DeWalt brand in particular and putting on Mac truck some things like that. Are you seeing that Mac is better run now as a distribution channel today than it was over the years? Just your thoughts on what you're seeing there.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I have a lot of respect for the Stanley management, and to the extent that they would focus on Mac, I suppose that would have a very positive effect on the running of that business. And maybe that’s some of what you're seeing, but when I look at our numbers, and I talk to our people -- I was just with the NFAC or National Franchisee Advisory Council for the U.S. on one weekend and a subsequent weekend with the Canadians. They all feel pretty strongly about their position. And they're not seeing -- they're not feeling threatened by anybody else. So to the extent people are doing better, I think, maybe they're getting share someplace else; that could be part of it. I don't know. But our business, we seem to not be seeing pressure from competitive activity; if anything, we seem stronger.
Operator: And we go next to Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Could you maybe help me with this issue with your stock price and the stock comp expense? Is this that you plan internally for stock comp expense relative to a certain price of the stock? And I guess what I'm getting at is in that if the stock stays where it is, through Q4, are we going to see the same kind of positive impact to the expenses?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. Look, it has to do with -- I'll try to explain it and then I'll turn it over to Aldo. I mean, I'll try to give you the people's interpretation of it, and then -- the whole idea is, it emanates from 2 big pieces. One is the fact that for outside the United States, we grant stock appreciation rights, not options. And we have deferred compensation in the United States where you have a stock certificate, not a real share, and so that gets mark-to-market based on a stock price. And so what happens is that if the stock stays at where it is today, which is up from the quarter close, we would see some kind of negative in the fourth quarter. And so any time the stock -- it's a quarter-to-quarter thing so if the stock moves up during the quarter, we will see a negative impact for this. If the stock moves down, we see a positive.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay and in doing your budgeting, you kind of roll it every quarter. I guess what I'm getting at is…
Aldo J. Pagliari: It’s beyond our control, Gary. It actually moves within the stock price itself, which obviously we can't control. So when we do our budgets and planning, you might assume a certain appreciation rate for the stock over time and that's how we would approach it. But when people have stock appreciation rights or can invest in deferred compensation programs, they have the equivalent of -- they have stock equivalents. So depending on what the price of the stock is, whether it be up or down, you get a favorable or unfavorable mark-to-market effect or impact.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: But it's pegged as of the 30th of September price then is it?
Aldo J. Pagliari: Correct. At the end of each quarter, the accounting rules require that it's the price at the close of the quarter that day, and so really you have -- all you have to do is look at the Snap-on stock price at the end of each quarter and if it's up over the previous quarter, it’ll be mark-to-market expense. If it's down from the previous quarter, it will be mark-to-market benefit. Normally, we’d never had this discussion because it was quite a volatile quarter as you can recall. So if you look at the Snap-on stock price, it was up in the 60s and then it was in the mid-40s so that's what caused this variation in a single quarter.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to understand how it works. And then could – Nick, maybe -- could we drill down on a little more on Europe? I mean, there's so much bad news coming out of there. It seems that you're doing very well over there, relative to what the perception is, but could you maybe talk about, which countries are really carrying the loads there for you? I mean, you mentioned Southern Europe as definitely having some negative issues, but maybe could you kind of go through Europe...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I mean, Spain and Portugal and I guess, Italy some. And to the extent we have business -- we've got big business. As you know, we have big business in Spain, pretty big business in Portugal, we've got little in Greece, but Greece, we have business. And it's not so good. And so you see sort of if you draw a line across the south, we're getting pretty big headwind there. And the problem was, just to reiterate, as maybe as you know, but I'll just say it, we have the biggest shares in Spain and Portugal, so our margins were kind of strongest in that situation. Now if you want to talk about the other regions of Europe, first and foremost, what's going very well for us is Eastern Europe. Russia and the sort of Orthodox countries, they are very strong for us. The Nordic countries and the low countries are doing very well for us. We're seeing -- and so those are the businesses, those are the countries that are standing out, I think. Eastern Europe and the Nordic countries are standing out for us. The rest of Europe is kind of doing okay, but it's not as strong as Scandinavia or Russia and then the low countries.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So when you're talking about Nordic countries, that’s not Germany.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I'm talking about Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe could you – with your people that are on the ground there, I mean, walk with them, as I'm sure you do. Is there any kind of level of apprehension among the people there or your people as to what's going to be the end event here with Greece and the euro...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I have to tell you though, no. Actually the people at the ground level don't seem concerned about that; they seem confident. And this is just anecdotally, Gary, anecdotally. When you talk to customers, or you talk to our people, they see much more confident in the solution of the euro and everything that's involved in that I'd say, Americans are. That's just how I characterize it. They don't seem as alarmed to me. I think, surprisingly, actually, but they seem very confident, and I don't know what to do with that, but I think that obviously, they do have problems and there is a lot of discussion in the press. And there's questions about what's going to happen in Europe. And we already talked about the idea that it limits our visibility, but if you're talking about the people at the ground, our people, seem to be confident that a solution is going to be worked out. And things are going to move on in Europe. The one thing I can say about our European business is we're clear, that even in Spain and Portugal, we haven't lost share. It’s just that these businesses are that's our business is still intact. So we're just there on hold waiting for the idea that the market comes back.
Operator: And we go next to Jarrod Rapalje with Longbow Research.
Jarrod Rapalje - Longbow Research LLC: So one last question on Europe and just -- I understand the Southern Europe's weak and to the extent that it does carry over to these other countries, can you just talk about your profitability over there compared to the U.S. and the downside risks to earnings power in some sort of quantifiable way?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. We never quantify the probability in Europe. I think we haven't done that, but I'll just say that our profitability in Europe has never been as strong as the United States. So if you're going to compare those 2, it's just never been as strong for us in Europe as it has been in the United States.
Jarrod Rapalje - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then secondly within the Snap-on Tools segment, can you break out that organic growth between price and volumes?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, yes. Price is about between 0.5% and 1%, just a small amount. We generally price for material inflation. We feel that -- if you've listened to prior calls, we say generally that we can always get visible inflation back in pricing. And that's what they've done over the past year and that turns out for us to be between 0.5% and 1%.
Jarrod Rapalje - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So safe to say that with that pricing, you guys are recovering all the raw material inflation you guys are seeing and is that a headwind right now?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Sure. No, no, no. We're able to price for it. I mean, it's not a headwind. First of all, Snap-on isn't that big a purchaser. Our biggest commodities are freight and steel. And we buy, I think, we said about 75 million of steel. So if you think about that, it's not a lot. Our biggest input to a hand tool is labor. And so the commodity headwinds are a factor, and I often say this on these calls, I say we can price for it. I’ll probably say -- I'd say we can deal with it, and I'm pretty confident we have and we will as long as it's visible. So if somebody decided -- we put titanium, say, in our steel; if somebody decided to increase of the price of titanium by 20x, probably we might not be able to price for that. And then -- because no one would know, but if steel goes up by 10%, we can price for that. Now on top of that, we have a very -- as part of our Snap-on value creation processes we have a -- something called RCI, Rapid Continuous Improvement and we're out every day in every site with dedicated people. We have a dedicated guy in every site, pushing cost reduction and productivity. So not only do we have a pricing, but we have this productivity flowing through our plans.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions on our roster. Therefore Ms. Kratcoski, I will turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
Leslie H. Kratcoski: Thanks, Rufus. Just to let everyone know, we will have a replay available shortly on snapon.com. And as always, we'd like to thank you for joining us this quarter on our call. Thanks again. Bye.
Operator: And again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Nicholas Pinchuk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Aldo Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Leslie Kratcoski - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Snap-on Inc. 2011 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's Second Quarter 2011 results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website, next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during the call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. Finally, today's discussion and presentation include reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the previously announced $18 million arbitration settlement gain recorded this quarter from the resolution of the dispute with CIT relating to the former financial service's joint venture. Please refer to the company's earnings release issued today and to the slides accompanying this webcast for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to those most directly comparable GAAP measures. With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everybody. Well, the second quarter results were reasonably strong again, and I think it's safe to say that we're encouraged by the continued progress. Overall sales in the quarter were up 12.2% from last year with some help from exchange rates. Organically, volume rose by over 7%. The overall operating margin was 15.4% and operating income was up more than 44% from 2010, and both of those comparisons exclude the positive effect of the arbitration settlement with CIT. The 40-plus percent rise in operating income is similar to what we posted in the past couple of quarters, so these results mark a continuation of an ongoing and strong trend. The profit increase included a $15.8 million rise in earnings from Financial Services, but a real highlight was the quarterly operating margin of 13.6% before Financial Services. That Opco [ph] OI margin represents the highest level Snap-on has achieved in well over 15 years. Now we believe the operating performance and the trend clearly demonstrates the strength of our Snap-on value creation processes, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement. It's a framework we apply everywhere at every level to improve our performance, and our commitment to those principles and processes are enabling our broad progress. Now with respect to the macro environment, the various markets in which we operate, the second quarter was fairly unchanged from what we spoke about 3 months ago. I characterize our performance brought -- our performance has widespread gains in most areas, more than overcoming those few continuing headwinds we mentioned in the past. I'll provide a bit of color on the quarter and cover the highlights for each of the operating groups. And then as usual, Aldo will offer a detailed financial review. From a geographic perspective, the same dynamics are present for our operations that have been in play for the past couple of quarters. In North America, no real change. Look, the overall 10% volume growth in the Tools Group reflects the same stable upward trend that we've become accustomed to in North America. Also, the big-ticket diagnostics and tool storage units that are sold in the van channel remain strong, and that's a continuing positive for us. Our Undercar Equipment, another big-ticket category was also up in North America, better than our overall sales increase. The same was true in our distribution and general industrial sales in the region. Moving to another area of strength, the emerging markets of Asia Pacific. Again this quarter, we saw strong double-digit gains. It's no secret that those markets are expanding, and we're taking advantage as we build presence and gain position. Throughout that jurisdiction, but especially in China, in India, in Indonesia, we're seeing growth, far above both GDP rates and the company's overall pace of growth. We continue to see progress in most of Europe in the established markets like the U.K., Sweden, Finland and we're growing in the East, in Eastern Europe, of course, in Russia, but also in other developing areas like Poland and in Turkey. And the gains we've seen are across business segments from big-ticket undercar equipment to industrial customers to SNA Europe's. But the overall growth in that region was somewhat muted by the ongoing economic weakness in Southern Europe. You might remember that for Snap-on, these are large markets by way of SNA Europe, and we're not seeing relief. Countries across the south like Spain and Portugal remain weak. But you know that's no real surprise, given the almost daily news from that region. Actually, when it comes to Europe, given the turbulence, we feel okay about no major changes for us at Europe over the past few quarters. Speaking of headwinds, another that we mentioned last quarter is Japan. The situation there is fairly well known, it's unsettled as we thought it would be for a while. The good news is it's isolated and most people believe it's temporary. Now for the operating segment. For the operating segments and a view on the advancements we've made in those strategic areas, which we've identified as decisive for our future: expanding into critical industries, building in emerging markets, enhancing the franchise network and expanding in the repair garage. In Commercial-Industrial or the C&I group, sales were up 8.1% from 2010 levels. However, excluding the benefit from foreign exchange, volumes increased about 2%. The operating margin was 10.4%, up 50 basis points from last year. And as you expect from the geographic discussion I just provided, most areas here were up solidly, widespread double-digit rises. Keep in mind, however, that C&I is where we see most of the impact of those fairly specific headwinds of Southern Europe, the unsettled situation in Japan, and the lower military spending which we discussed last quarter. So the story in C&I is robust gains in most areas, partially offset by the concentration of our external headwinds in this one segment. C&I operations outside those concentrated headwinds grew organically as double digits, very much in line with the gains in the Tools Group and in the Repair Systems and Information Groups. From that perspective, we're encouraged by the progress along run rates from growth in C&I. And that progress can be seen in the volumes, the positive motion in Asia Pacific and in critical industries such as aerospace and natural resources. All these continued with their trend of strong double-digit growth. But more important than the sales in a particular quarter, we know that Snap-on is building expanded long-term presence in each of those strategic areas. Just last month, the corporation had a strong showing at the Paris Air Show. It is widely recognized as the most prestigious aircraft exposition in the world, and many of you know that our array of products for the aerospace sector is expanding. While in Paris, we highlighted the high-tech Automated Tool Control unit or ATC and our newly increased range of torque products aimed at aerospace. And the response was very enthusiastic. It's that kind of growing presence that's generating the big gains we're seeing in this critical industry of aerospace. And the gains are being driven by customers throughout the industries from airlines in support of their fleet, to aircraft manufacturing facilities and into the maintenance and repair of overhaul shops or MRO facilities. And as you would expect, the opportunities here are across the globe, and Snap-on is increasingly valued in this important sector. We feel encouraged by that. I've spoken in the past about the partnerships with technical schools in creating certification programs. We believe it's a great way for technicians of the future using Snap-on products. It's a great way to get the technicians of the future to use Snap-on products, to get them to see the quality and the professionalism of the Snap-on brand and ultimately for them to become Snap-on customers for life. We continue to build those programs in the U.S. and internationally and across the wide range of disciplines from automotive repair, to critical power generation, to aerospace. And as part of that progress, an array of key technical schools across the U.S. have adopted Snap-on certification protocols, and that practice is expanding. Our sales in Education were up over 20% again in the quarter. But more importantly, we believe those gains are setting the stage for future growth across all the critical industries. I already mentioned the rapid growth we're seeing in Asia-Pacific, but I'll just provide one example of the products that are helping to drive that expansion. During the quarter, we released a new version of our diagnostics unit in China. The handheld includes a new touch screen interactive display, as well as expanded vehicle and system coverage. As you can imagine in China, with relatively recent development of the new car market, the repair wave is just starting to form. Our handheld unit is getting great reviews and is positioning Snap-on to ride that wave as it breaks. So that gives you a little insight into C&I, continued advancements in critical industries in emerging markets, significant gains, with offsets from a few concentrated headwinds in that segment. Moving to the Tools Group, where we serve professional automotive technicians. Sales were up 13%, including 3 points related to currency, and the operating margin was 15.5%, up 300 basis points from last year. Sales of diagnostics products to the vans were up strongly. We're continuing to see the benefits of the successful launches of both our high-end VERDICT and our updated VERUS handheld unit. Those products are innovative, big-time productivity enhancers and they're driving a big-ticket strength across the Tools Group. We said we need to maintain and even enhance our van network. It's been a big focus for us, and it's showing in the results. Again this quarter, the franchisee health metrics are moving positively. Obviously, the sales are up, but our franchisees are in better overall financial shape, the turnover is low, and we believe that the network is stronger than ever. We did get some validation of that progress in the quarter when Franchise Direct published its annual global franchisees report. The Snap-on franchisee proposition ranked sixth overall, the top-ranked tool company by a wide margin, in fact, the top-ranked industrial company of any type. This is a publication that's a leading source of information for the franchise industry in both North America and Europe, so it was a valuable endorsement for us. The rankings were based on several criteria, including stability, growth, best practices and support and training, and those are areas that all have directly benefited from our focused efforts to enhance the channel and from the application of Snap-on value creation processes. Now on to the Repair System & Information Group. This is where we serve vehicle repair shop owners and managers and where we have a great opportunity to expand the Snap-on brand throughout the garage. RS&I posted a sales increase of 13.9%, just under 10% excluding currency. And the operating margin, it was 20.9%, a 150 basis points up from 19.4% last year. Related to the growth in those shops, our Equipment division was up in both North America and in Europe. Over the past several years, we've had done a number of innovative products and equipment, and they're propelling us forward. The OEMs increasingly are directly signing on to these products, and that additional exposure is a big plus. Particularly strong in the quarter were big-ticket alignment products, up more than double the group's growth rate. This is a product where we have a lead in imaging technology, and we're taking advantage. Also related to our expansion in the garage, we're increasingly seeing -- serving medium and heavy truck market with information and diagnostics. We have launched the new Pocket iQ handheld diagnostic unit, specifically for the Truck segment. It's designed for anyone diagnosing and repairing trucks from dealers, to fleet maintenance shops even to owners. We're also working with truck engine OEMs, launching software for diagnostic testing for repair information and for reprogramming capabilities, to ease repair work across their entire line of OEM engines. And in the independent repair sector, Mitchell 1. Mitchell 1 has been making investments in truck repair and information for some time. Now we're well-positioned and we're gaining in the truck software space. We've spoken in the past about a relatively small direct exposure to automotive OEMs. But obviously, as the rooftops in the U.S. decrease, our Electronic Parts Catalog business to Snap-on Business Solutions has been impacted. But we're finding offsets both internationally and in adjacent markets, areas like motorcycles and agriculture, and we have made gains in those areas. Also related to this space, we continue to see increased activity in essential tool distributions. The OEMs are more freely commending, and that's helping drive some of the sales increases in RS&I. So that gives you a picture of what's going on in the operating units. As I said in the beginning of my remarks here, the Snap-on value creation processes are driving our progress, customer connection, building relationship with students, creating customers for life, innovation, new diagnostics units in the U.S. and the U.K. and in China for cars and for trucks. Undercar, new undercar equipment, building on technology leadership winning new customers and products expanded to serve critical industries, automated tool control and wider torque offerings. And of course, rapid continuous improvement, or RCI, one of our biggest value creators. The operating income margin tells that story, 13.6% before Financial Services, up 140 basis points stronger than we've been in some time. We believe we've come out of the downturn as a stronger company than when we entered, and the Snap-on value creation processes made it possible. Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo for our financial review. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Overall revenue growth increased profitability in Financial Services and what we believe are ongoing benefits from our Snap-on value creation processes generated a 44% improvement in year-over-year operating earnings. This operating earnings improvement excludes the $18 million arbitration settlement gain recorded during the quarter. That sales in the second quarter of $726.7 million increased $79.1 million by 12.2% year-over-year. Excluding currency translation, organic sales increased 7.2%. We continue to realize year-over-year sales growth broadly across most of our businesses, including increased sales to franchisees by the Snap-on Tools Group, higher sales to repair shop owners and managers by the Repair Systems & Information Group our RS&I and increased sales to a wide range of customers in emerging markets and critical industries that are commercial and industrial or C&I Group. Consolidated gross profit of $342 million in the quarter increased $38.4% million from 2010 level. As a result of higher sales, $11.1 million of favorable foreign currency effects, savings from ongoing RCI and restructuring initiatives of $1.9 million of lower structuring costs. Consolidated gross margin of 47.1% in the quarter improved 20 basis points from Q2 of last year. Operating expenses in the quarter of $243.4 million increased $18.6 million from 2010 levels, largely due to $8.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects and higher volume related in other expenses, including a $4.2 million of anticipated higher pension expense. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses in the quarter were 33.5%, it improved 120 basis points from 34.7% last year, restructuring cost of $1.9 million in the quarter compared to $3.1 million last year. Operating earnings from Financial Services of $17.5 million before the arbitration settlement, improved to $15.8 million from second quarter 2010 levels. Sequentially and as expected, Financial Services operating earnings continues to improve as our on-book financial portfolio grows. Interest expense of $16.3 million in the quarter increased $3.1 million from 2010 levels, mainly due to higher average debt levels following last December's $250 million notes issuance. Next month, we intend to repay $200 million of 6.25% notes upon the maturity with available cash. Our second quarter effective income tax rate of 34% was higher than last year's 31.2% rate, primarily due to the mix of earnings including the impact of the arbitration settlement gain that is taxable in the United States. And finally, reported net earnings in the second quarter of 2011 were $78 million or $1.33 per diluted share. Absent of settlement gain, which contributed $0.19 per share, net earnings in the quarter were $66.9 million or $1.14 per diluted share. This represents an increase of 47.7% when compared with the $45.3 million or $0.78 per diluted share earned in the second quarter of last year. Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with a C&I Group on Slide 7, sales of $279.7 million for the second quarter improved 8.1% from 2010 levels. Excluding currency translation, organic sales increased 1.9%. Sales to a wide range of customers in emerging markets in critical industries were up considerably in the quarter. However, the rate of year-over-year organic sales growth in the C&I group was again affected by lower sales to the Military, continued weakness across Southern Europe and some impact in Japan from last quarter's natural disasters. Gross profit of $102.4 million in the quarter increased $9.8 million or 10.6% from 2010 levels, primarily due to the higher sales of lower restructuring costs, $4.2 million of favorable currency effects and $2.8 million of savings from an ongoing restructuring of ongoing RCI initiatives, partially offset by inflationary in other cost increases. Gross margin of 36.6% in the quarter improved 80 basis points from 35.8% last year. Operating expenses of $73.2 million in the quarter increased $6.1 million from 2010 levels, primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency impacts, higher volume-related expenses and higher restructuring costs. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses in the quarter were 26.2% as compared to 25.9% last year. Second quarter operating earnings of $29.2 million for the C&I segment increased $3.7 million or 14.5% from 2010 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating margin in the C&I segment of 10.4% improved 50 basis points from 9.9% last year. Turning now to Slide 8. Second quarter sales of the Snap-on Tools Group increased 13% year-over-year, largely due to continued higher sales in the U.S, On an organic basis, sales were up 10%. Gross profit in the Snap-on Tools Group of $132.4 million in the quarter increased $17 million from last year's levels, primarily due to the higher sales led by increased sales of hand tools and diagnostic products and favorable currency effects. These gross profit increases were partially offset by higher structuring costs for the previously communicated consolidation of our North American tools storage operations. As a percentage of sales, gross margin of 44.3% improved 60 basis points from 43.7% last year. Operating expenses of $86.2 million in the quarter increased $3.7 million from 2010 levels, primarily due to higher volume-related and other expenses and $1.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, partially offset by $1.5 million of lower bad debt expense. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 28.8% in the quarter improved 240 basis points from 31.2% last year. Operating earnings for Snap-on Tools Group of $46.2 million in the quarter increased $13.2 million or 40% from the $33 million earned last year. And as a percentage of sales, operating earnings of 15.5% increased 300 basis points from 12.5% last year. Turning now to the RS&I group shown on Slide 9. Second quarter sales of $234.5 million increased 13.9% year-over-year. Excluding currency translation, organic sales increased 9.7% reflecting continued higher sales to repair shop owners and managers. Gross profit of $107.4 million in the quarter increased $11.7 million from prior-year levels, primarily due to higher sales and $3 million of favorable foreign currency effects. As a percentage of sales, gross margin of 45.8 declined 70 basis points from 2010 levels, reflecting the higher relative growth in sales of undercar equipment and essential tool and facilitation program. Operating expenses of $58.4 million in the quarter increased $2.7 million from 2010 levels, primarily due to higher volume-related expenses and $2.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 24.9% improved 220 basis points from 27.1% last year. Our operating expenses as a percentage of sales also benefits from the higher mix of undercar equipment and essential tool facilitation program sales, which tend to exhibit lower operating expense levels relative to the other businesses within RS&I. Operating earnings of $49 million for the RS&I group increased $9 million or 22.5% from 2010 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating margin of 20.9% improved 150 basis points from 2010. Now, turning to Slide 10. Financial Services operating earnings of $35.5 million in the quarter of 2011 includes the previously discussed $18 million arbitration settlement gain. Excluding the settlement gain, operating earnings of $17.5 million in the quarter compares favorably to both first quarter earnings of $12.5 million and to fourth quarter 2010 earnings of $9.4 million. The $15.8 million year-over-year increase in operating earnings from $1.7 million last year to $17.5 million in the second quarter of 2011, we believe is testament to the earnings potential of our growing on-book finance portfolio. Originations of $153.1 million in the quarter increased 12% compared to last year's levels, reflecting increased sales in Snap-on tools, higher approval rates, as well as increased participation in our credit programs. Moving to Slide 11. As of the second quarter end, our balance sheet includes $845 million of gross financing receivables including $697 million from our U.S. Snap-on Credit operation. In the United States, $576 million or 83% of the financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. Since the beginning of 2011, our global on-book financing portfolio has grown over $110 million. In the remainder of the year, we expect that our on-book finance portfolio will roughly increase by an additional $45 million. Regarding finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now, turning to Slide 12. Net cash used by operating activities was $13.7 million in the quarter. This compares to net cash provided of $55.5 million in the second quarter of last year. This $69 million year-over-year net decrease primarily reflects the return of $89.8 million of cash previously withheld from CIT related to the arbitration settlement. This return of cash, combined with the funding of higher inventory levels and new loans originated by Snap-on Credit, were partially offset by higher net earnings. Similarly, our quarter-end cash position of $418 million decreased $154 million from year-end levels, primarily due to the funding of new loans originated by Snap-on Credit, the return of cash to CIT and increased levels of working investment in capital expenditures, partially offset by higher levels of net earnings in 2011. Free cash flow from Financial Services was, as expected, a negative $116 million, primarily due to the return of cash to CIT and the continued funding of new loan originations at Snap-on Credit. Free cash flow from the operating company was a positive $82 million. Capital expenditures totaled $14.7 million in the quarter. As seen on Slide 13, day sales outstanding for trade receivables of 59 days at quarter end improved from 61 days at both first quarter and 2010 year end. Inventories increased $63 million from year end, primarily to support increased customer demand and to mitigate supply-chain disruption from both the recent natural disasters in Japan and the consolidation of our North American tool storage operations. Currency translation also contributed $12.9 million of the inventory increase. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 4.3x compared to 4.4x at the end of Q1 and 4.7x at 2010 year end, reflective of the higher inventory. Our net debt-to-capital ratio 32.4% compares to the 30.1% at 2010 year end and 28.3% last year. The year-over-year increase is primarily reflective of last December's $250 million bond issuance. In addition to our $418 million of cash and cash flow from operations, we have more than $600 million in available credit facilities, and our current A2P2 short-term credit rating allows us to access the commercial paper markets, should we choose to do so. As of second quarter end, no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities. This includes my remarks on our second quarter performance, and I'll now turn the call back over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. These are interesting times, but we believe Snap-on's performance confirms the underlying strength of our businesses and the ongoing potential of our runways. We're quite encouraged by the results. Sales up nicely, Opco [ph] OI margin at a relative high, meeting headwinds and overcoming. Financial Services continuing to fulfill the promise of profitability that we believed in from the original acquisition, now 2 years ago. Snap-on's potential is unfolding, just the way we've been describing for some time. The Snap-on value creation processes are driving improvements. Margins are up again. Opco [ph] by 140 basis point and the overall company by 320 basis points. And again this quarter, we're demonstrating progress along our strategic runways for coherent growth. The van network has been enhanced. Cash collections are up, turnovers down and Snap-on was named the top industrial franchise by Franchise Direct. We had expanded in the repair garage. Our liner sales continue their upward trend, and our big-ticket diagnostics are increasing their penetration. The Snap-on presence is expanding further in critical industries. Sales continue to grow significantly in sectors like aerospace and natural resources, and our presence in emerging markets keeps building. Our growth in China, India and Indonesia confirm the opportunities. So that's our quarter, more evidence that Snap-on has considerable strength, capabilities and position. It has much more runway for growth and improvement, and as it embarked firmly on the path that we believe will continue our progress for some time to come. I once again want to end my remarks -- I want to end today by speaking to the many franchisees and Snap-on associates that I know are on the call. All of what we discussed today, the encouraging results, the strategic progress would not have been possible without your commitment and your contribution. For all that you do, for all that you have done for Snap-on and our team, you have my congratulations and you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jim Lucas of Janney Capital Markets.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I wanted to focus first on the Tool side of the business. You talked a little bit in the prepared remarks about the improved franchise metrics, citing some things such as turnover, in particular. And I was wondering if could give us a little more granularity on turnover metrics, number of vans today with the comment of the franchises being stronger than ever, and just any additional color you could provide in terms of helping us better understand the point [indiscernible].
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure, the turnover's at a relative low, I think. We've been tracking it back. I can't say it's at an all-time low, because we don't have the statistics at our hand, that's way back 20 or 25 years. But in recent history, it's at an all-time low, now down below I would say 10%. So we find that to be pretty good for us, and that's quite manageable. One of the problems with turnover is it could become very expensive. But at this level, we have the ability to manage it quite well. The way we see this is that we've invested all through the recession and try to help our franchisees in terms of continuous improvement, the productivity on their van, in terms of upgrading their system and in terms of giving them access to other opportunities like more efficient ways to ensure they're advanced, more efficient ways to communicate more, better ways to manage their vans from a fuel consumption point of view. And we see all that coming through in these numbers. Now in terms of the van side, I think the numbers are somewhere just south of 3,500. That's been growing gradually. I want to say on a year-over-year basis, single digits. So it's been moving upwards but not at a large pace, but it's been very stable.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And with regards to the 15% margin in tools, I mean, is the phenomenal number we've been waiting a long, long time to see the potential of getting unlocked and that's very gratifying to see. When you look at the margin profile of tools today, where is the potential for that? And I guess secondary to that question is, what impact did mix have on margins this quarter?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Let me speak of that in a couple of ways. The first thing is, if you're thinking about the short term and you want to extrapolate off of this, I think what have to think of for Snap-on, of course, for the Tools Group and for our business, in general, is the second quarter is a good strong quarter for us. The third quarter is always uncertain. We have in the Tools Group the van drivers will take time off. They have to go on vacation sometimes. They usually go on the third quarter, and we put the Snap-on Franchisee Conference in that period. So if you're looking at the short term, I don't think you can extrapolate from second quarter onto the third quarter. You have to get that effect in the Tools Group, and you have the effect in Europe of vacations which are always, in my experience, of indeterminate length depending on the year in Europe. So you have in the short term. In the longer term, we feel very positive about our position in the Tools Group. I don't know if you can extrapolate off the 15.5%. In the past, we have said that our target for operating margins for the entire corporation is around mid-teens, and we thought the Tools Group would approach that. In this second quarter, it got above that number. It started to go into the back end, the back half of that number. I don't know what you can make out of one quarter. But having said that, we feel very good about where the Tools business is today. That's not being driven by necessarily an extraordinarily rich mix of the business. It's simply being driven by RCI, by good strong sales, by our ability to price against inflation, which we said before, and a combination of those things. And together with, I suppose, you could say robust sales of big-ticket items like diagnostics and tool storage. So I think you could look at the Tools Group second quarter and say, "Wow, that is an extraordinary quarter. They have been selling on -- they are operating on all cylinders. They probably have gained some share, if you look at their growth in this situation. They've got good growth, and they're performing well and the mix is very robust.” I don't know if you can extrapolate from that number.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: And then finally, on C&I, you've got the ongoing headwind that persist out there, and a lot investments that have been made and with the core growth in the quarter shows that those investments clearly are paying off. But as we look out to the second half of the year and when you start thinking about budgeting next year, how are you thinking about those headwinds persisting and the ability to potentially accelerate the growth rate within C&I, given all of those other opportunities outside of the headwinds?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. If you take away, as I said in my call, if you take away the headwinds in those concentrated areas, C&I grew just like we always believed it would, double digits. But let's talk about the headwinds. Look, Japan is going to fix itself. I was just there about 4 weeks ago myself, and it is still having trouble associated with rolling power cuts and so-and-so. But that will all work itself out, as we know the Japanese do, they're very ingenious and so on and so. We think Japan comes back from its current malaise, I don't know it will go back to prerecession levels or not, but you'll certainly see recovery. So I think that fixes itself out toward the back of the year. If you're talking about the military, I don't know where the government goes, but the comparisons get easier year-over-year. So when you're talking about a growth scenario that looks like we have managed over, at least, through this quarter, maybe another quarter, the worst of that, and we'll start building from a base. I have given up predicting Spain. Because I think, I would have said a year ago that Spain's got to get better. We believe we're not losing market share, but the Spanish market was down again, and I think what you're seeing is, if you just pick up a newspaper and read about it, you can see the roots of that across Southern Europe. And so, that's how I see C&I. Good strong double-digit growth happening just like we thought it would. Three concentrated areas of headwinds, 2 of which we think dissipate as we go through the year in the third and fourth quarter, varying time constants. And Spain, I'm not so sure. We're confident it's going to come back, but I can't predict the timing.
Operator: And we'll now move on to Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: A couple of questions on the Financial Services portfolio. When do you think that sit receivables will totally we run off by, Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: I think that you'll see the balance of that portfolio. It runs often but at ever-slowing pace, Gary, because the most vibrant of accounts have already come over. But in year 2012 is when I think we've been looking to say we will be at our future state. There will be very little noise from the CIT old portfolio.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: So there'll be little impact in 2012?
Aldo Pagliari: I think so.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay, and then in terms of either balance sheet capacity or where you want to take this, where do you think this portfolio goes in a year and a half? I mean can you, overall, be managing a portfolio of close to $1 billion?
Aldo Pagliari: I think so. I think we've already spoken about a portfolio size of around $925 million. It will largely reflect the growth in the Tools Storage business. That's largely what their financing is, sales to mechanics in those markets where the Tools Group serves. So it will be that order of magnitude.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then in terms of what you guys do on new products, you often say that you put out about 40 new products a year that generate over $1 million per product. Are you on track to do that this year as well?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. We sought some of it. We tried to give some color of that in my remarks, and we're seeing that. If you could see the new products we're going to roll out at the Snap-on Franchisee Conference, I think you would be excited. I was excited when I viewed some of them, and it's across the line. We see them in industrial, aimed at critical industry, some new stuff that excites people in critical industries. We see new products in power tools and torque and tools storage and hand tools and diagnostics, and it will all be rolling out as we go through the year. So if anything, it's getting stronger. I think we feel better about that, and part of the reason why we had this good quarter, I think, is because we've been driven by a new product.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then in terms of the emerging markets, can you give us any idea of what percentage of your sales are coming from there now versus where they were last year at this time? Or is that something you just don't disclose as of yet?
Nicholas Pinchuk: We generally don't disclose it. I can tell you it's between 5% and 10%, and it's increasing every year between last year. That's generally what we've kind of held to and I think we'll stay there, but it's growing. It's 5% and 10%, growing greater than GDP, greater than the rest of the company on a base that's smaller. But still, pretty nice growth for us when you look at it on the margin.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: And is it safe to assume that the majority of those sales are in China or is it split evenly between China and India?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well the biggest piece is China, but we get -- this month, we get good growth out of it in India. And actually, this month we tried to highlight that Indonesia is becoming a bigger market for us. I think that's the underappreciated growth engine in Asia-Pacific. Having lived there for 11 years myself, I know that for a long time, Indonesia malingered in political promise but I think they solved some of it. A couple of years ago they had a currency problem, but now they seem to be hitting, as I said before on other things, hitting on all cylinders. So we're pretty positive about our position here and have a good position in Indonesia. So that was a contributor this quarter for us and we look to it to be a contributor going forward.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll move on to our next question from Jared Platts [ph] with Robert Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Actually, it's David Leiker. Nick, 2 things. On C&I first, I just want to -- I missed some of your comments earlier, I just want to confirm the comment I heard earlier. Are you saying that your C&I business, excluding Southern Europe, Military and Japan is running double-digits?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, that's what I said.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And is that consistent with what we would have seen in the first quarter, where the segment as a whole had organic growth of 8% or 9%?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, it's pretty much like that. I think we're not seeing any -- the question is, are we seeing any back-offs in the industrial area or the critical industry areas? We are not seeing anything like that. I know there's a lot of discussion about industrial back-and-forth in a number of different sectors, particularly over the last few days. We like our Industrial business. And now, we have a specialized industrial business. First, we're armed with the Snap-on brand, with all these guys and all these professionals in the industry loved and revere. And secondly, we're aiming just at the critical. We're just not so easy to back off of when you need the results, because the need for repeatability and reliability is important. So I think we're in a great spot in the industrial sector.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Yes, I agree. I think that's fantastic. So if we look at this move from this 8% to 9% with 2% organic growth, it would seem that most, if not all, of that is a function of Military and Japan, is that fair?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Actually, Spain was down, too. Spain was down.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Spain has gotten worse?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Spain got worse. I almost want to say, "Shut my mouth." I was surprised by that because we -- that's why I've given up predicting Spain. Although we don't think -- our customers are still buying, it's just small amounts. We don't think we lost share.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then on the other side, if we look at what Stanley Black & Decker reported yesterday or 2 days ago, it looks like there's some volume gains that are going on there. I know it's hard to tell how much of it, because the revenue numbers we see are from the corporate to the dealer, and not the dealer to the street, do you have any sense with their change in ownership and direction there? Is Mac being run better? Or they have a better presence in the market? Do they have a better value proposition? Can you just talk about what's going on in that regard?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I will let others opine on how Mac is being run. I have a lot of respect for the Stanley management myself, but I don't know what's actually -- we're not seeing any change at the -- where the rubber meets the road at the customer base, second quarter, versus first quarter. If anything, we thought our -- we think our competitive position is fairly robust. I would offer that, Gee, I think double-digit growth, 10% in the Tools Group, that's got to be pretty strong. I don't think we're losing out or losing position to anybody in that situation. I even think we're getting stronger. Our people feel we're getting stronger. I was with 1,200 customers at Joliet, Illinois at the, National Drag Racing Championships about 10 days ago. And when I talked to our franchisees, they were quite enthusiastic and quite full of themselves in terms of confidence. So if the numbers, if the anecdotal evidence is anything, I feel we're, if anything, stronger than ever. And if the metrics are anything, I think 10% indicates that we're growing. And by the way, the comparison wasn't that easy. If you look at the Tools Group, they were pretty strong last year in the second quarter. So at 10% growth year-over-year, it's not small. It's fairly significant. I can't explain necessarily the Stanley numbers. And again, if you have questions about your selling into the van, and I'm not exactly sure what's in those numbers.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: What did you see in your -- in terms of end market demand, yout dealer sales, how did those track relative at the corporate level?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Pretty much in lockstep with our corporate levels. If the question is are we building inventories on the vans? I don't believe so. We're not building inventories on the vans. So generally, we see this as just a reflective of the marketplace. I think what you're seeing in the van channel is, is good robust product. We have some nice, nice products out there that's engaging the customers. And I say that you can't dismiss the fact that our franchisees are, we believe, stronger than ever before. We feel better about our franchisee population than we ever have in the past. By the way, Franchise Direct kind of said something like that. We were 6 and no tool manufacturer was even close and no industrial franchiser is even close. We felt good about it.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. I'd like to turn the call over to Mrs. Leslie Kratcoski for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie Kratcoski: Well, thanks everyone for joining us today. And a replay of the call will be available on our website, snapon.com shortly. As always, thanks for your interest in Snap-on and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Nicholas Pinchuk - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Aldo Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Leslie Kratcoski - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Snap-on Inc. 2011 First Quarter Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference call over to your host, Ms. Leslie Kratcoski. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's First Quarter 2011 results, which are detailed in our press release issued [Audio Gap]  Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website, next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everybody. Well, I'd say our first quarter results were positive. And I believe they once again confirm clear progress in strengthening our strategic position and in improving our operating execution. When you look at the first quarter, you can be encouraged by the performance and quite positive regarding the Snap-on future. Volumes in the period were up 10% from last year. It was actually the best volume performance we've had in relation to pre-recession levels. Adjusted for FX, our sales were nearly identical to the first quarter of 2008. Operating earnings were up more than 42% with a 12.6% operating margin before financial services, 100 basis points higher than last year. And we registered $12.5 million in earnings from financial services, an over $14 million increase. Consolidated operating margin of 13.9% was up 280 basis points from 2010. On the overall environment, I think it's fair to say that the landscape is not nearly as unpredicted in nuance as it has been over the past couple of years. We believe we now have clearer visibility and that alone is a positive for us. While there are some pockets of challenge, as you would expect when you have a global operation, there was broad progress in the vast majority of our businesses that more than offset the few difficulties. For example, the businesses serving the automotive space showed considerable strength. You can see that reflected in the nearly 12% volume increase of both the Tools Group and the Repair Systems & Information or RS&I Group. These are businesses where we track the activity in what we call big-ticket items, high-value products, things like diagnostics, undercar equipment and tool storage units. As we've been saying, the customers' willingness to make commitments to those types of buys give us an insight into their financial health and into their confidence in the future. During the downturn when the outlook was uncertain, these products were particularly hard hit. They turned the corner in the middle of last year and an upward trend continued into the first quarter of 2011. So these recent results confirm that big-ticket is back and that optimism is strong. Also, in new automotive space, we do have some activity that's tied directly to OEM dealerships -- to OEM dealerships rather than independent. As the number of dealerships continue to shrink in the U.S., it has created a headwind for us. As an offset, we've been increasing global essential tool activity, which is driven by the OEMs and we've also been capturing Electronic Parts Catalog business in adjacent markets. So while the U.S. dealership rooftops are still contracting, the RS&I group has been recording solid gains, capturing other business and overcoming the turmoil. From a geographic perspective, again, it was an extension of what we've been seeing in the past few quarters. For example, in Europe, we continue to see a general improvement. Double-digit gains were the norm in the region from our industrial division to the big-ticket equipment products, to our European Hand Tools business or SNA Europe. It now seems that European weakness for us is limited to the South and especially Spain, where SNA Europe does have a particularly strong presence. Spain was down a bit again, even from last year's already depressed levels. We're just not seeing much favorable movement in that market. Overall though, the general European improvement, especially in the U.K. and Scandinavia more than made up for Spain.  Turning to emerging markets. They also remain strong and the expansion in those arenas was another positive. In Eastern Europe, our fortified presence with our new Minsk plant helped drive significant increase in Belarus, in Russia and the Ukraine. And no surprise, Asia-Pacific had strong double-digit gains again, driven by increased penetration in India, Thailand and China. Related to Asia Pacific, I think it's the topic the day, as you would expect, we saw some initial impact from the tragic events in Japan. We're down in that country by about 5%. We were fortunate that our associates and franchisees came through the earthquake and tsunami safely. Having said that though, there is an unsettled business environment in Japan and going forward, any impact will be in place for an entire quarter rather than for only a month as was the case in the first quarter. However, for us, sales in Japan are only a small percentage of the company's total volume and our most significant activity in that country tends to be outside the northeast where the most disruption is occurring. So while nobody can predict how the Japan market will play out, it will certainly be another headwind for a while. But we've demonstrated in the recent path that we've been able to overcome, to manage through challenges by finding offsets where increased opportunities present themselves. The other consideration related to Japan is component sourcing. Of course, like most companies, we do have some exposure particularly as related to the diagnostics product, but we're already working with suppliers to offset or to mitigate any short-term supply chain problems and again, to find offsets. So that's the overall market update. No major surprises and we think that's favorable. Still a few headwinds, but fairly broad growth carrying us through in driving overall gains.  Now I'll say a bit on each operating segment. The commercial industrial group or C&I saw sales increase 10.3%, including a couple of points due to foreign exchange. The operating margin was 11.6% up from 10.3% last year. I already spoke about the favorable environment and growth we saw in emerging markets in Europe. The C&I group is where most of that business resides and the uplift in those geographies did aid the group's growth. Let's speak for a moment about critical industries. C&I is where we're focused on extending the power of our brands and our capabilities into critical industries. And as we said before, we see great opportunity for expansion in that effort and in this quarter, there were some strong positive improvements. In the aerospace sector, we're building a strong position. And Automated Tool Control or ATC has been a high-profile product that's provided a great boost. I've mentioned it in the past, it's a new technology for this type of application. Laser imaging, originally developed for the undercar aligners but used here to control tools, to make sure they're not left in the aircraft engine. I guess I'd say that I can't think of any task more critical than that. GC, the smart tool storage box, gets a lot of exposure and attention. It's really the broad expansion of our product line, more hand tools, torque products and power tools developed specifically for aerospace applications that drove double-digit volume growth in this area. We also saw strong increase, also double digits, in the critical natural resources arena. This industry's a natural fit for us. Professionals performing critical tasks with a need for quality and reliability and a high cost of failure. So we're pleased with that progress. Now the expansion in critical industries isn't just limited to the Snap-on brand on our industrial division, SNA Europe has also grown it's offering in large tools designed for the critical mining industry under this strong Bahco brand and we're gaining position there. Our advancements in that space fueled some significant growth in the quarter. For example, in South America, Chile had a fine quarter led by the mining sector. So we continued to make progress in critical industries and we saw solid growth in most of those segments, like aerospace and natural resources. We also had headwinds, like lower military spending and field operations as sealed operations wind down around the globe. That was a partial offset to the many advancements in Europe, emerging markets and in critical industries like aerospace and natural resources. This quarter, the C&I story is that broad growth, overcoming a few headwinds to again post solid sales and earnings increase from the prior year. Moving to the Tools Group, where we serve professional automotive technicians, we had a strong quarter. Sales of $282 million, a record, up 13.5% from last year with 11% organic growth. The OI margin of 13.2% was up 230 basis points from 2010 and that 13.2% includes $2.8 million of restructuring mainly related to our tools storage plant consolidation. Excluding those restructuring costs, the margin exceeded 14%. Though it's clear, the Tools Group is getting stronger. I've spoke of the continued strength of big-ticket volumes and that's being supported by some great product launches. Customer connection and innovation, they're important elements of our Snap-on Value Creation Processes, they keep delivering winning products. For example, our updated VERUS handheld diagnostic unit has considered -- has generated considerable excitement in the period. The new version incorporates wireless technology. VERUS owners can now scan the vehicle system from anywhere in the shop. It's a productivity enhancer that builds on our already market-leading position. And if you have a prior version of the VERUS, there's an update -- an update kit is available and that's also been well received. Last year, we launched the new VERDICT handheld in the U.S. It's simply the most sophisticated diagnostic unit available anywhere and that launch, that product was a big it. Well, we took that product to the U.K. just this past month and it started out with the same strong reception, just like the U.S. It's another strong step in solidifying Snap-on's leadership in that important European market. And while we're discussing the Tools Group, I think it's important to highlight the strength of the van channel. We worked hard to support the network through the downturn. We identified that as being strategically important and we are investing to that end and it's paying off. We monitor a number of metrics to gauge the health of our franchisees business and many of those indicators are at the best levels we've ever seen. Obviously, sales are up, all-time high and that helps. But importantly, franchisee turnover is down and keeps going in the right direction, down. Loan delinquencies are at a low -- at low levels and we've improved internal execution all over the corporation. An example is another of our Snap-on Value Creation Processes, RCI, helps us keep improving our complete and on-time delivery performance to the franchisees. So the van network, better than ever before. But beyond the network, beyond the metrics, I'll tell you that when you talk to franchisees, when you speak with them, enthusiasm is high. Consider our annual kick-off meetings that are held each January this year and -- at each January. And this year, we had the highest participation ever with over 80% of the franchisees attending and sales at these events this year were up nearly 50% from 2010. So the channel appears healthy. And when that's coupled with our strong Snap-on brand and our unique finance company, we have a substantial advantage in this space. The results show it and we believe there's much more upside.  Let's move to the RS&I group, where Snap-on is expanding our presence with repair shop owners and managers. Organic sales increased 11.7% from last year, led by increases in undercar products and essential tool and facilities -- facilitation activities. The volume helped drive operating margins 18.9%, up from 18.3% last year. We're ramping up our product development efforts especially in this group and it's paying off with better and expanding position. This group is in fact fueling some of the big-ticket strength in the Tools Group with the diagnostic products I just mentioned through the van channel. Additionally related, thought, to big-ticket category, are liner volumes, sold through the equipment division which is part of our RS&I, were up double digits in both North America and in Europe. And our equipment operations -- when you think about equipment, it's also key at collaborating with our Asian team as we take our technology and capabilities to that region with products specifically designed for those markets and that process, that support, that collaboration is working well, as evidenced by the growth we're seeing in that emerging arena. I'll just add 1 more item for RS&I and that's our expanding position in serving the medium and heavy-duty truck market. We've been making investments because it's a natural opportunity for Snap-on. For example, Mitchell, our business that provides shop and repair information, has expanded its offering beyond just cars into the Truck segment. And it's now gaining in commercial and truck fleets. An important part of our strategy also working with the truck engine OEMs and our partnerships here are growing through both Snap-on Business Solutions and EQS businesses. We develop both handheld and PC-based diagnostics products that serve as essential tools for the engine manufacturers and dealer networks and also serve as broadly versatile products for independent truck repair shops. That breadth of new products is generating significant presence and it's helping us offset some of the weakness inherent in the shrinking rooftops of the automotive OEM dealerships.  So those are the highlights for the quarter. Considerable advancement in the 4 strategic areas we've identified as being decisive for our future. Enhancing the franchise channel, expanding with shop owners and managers, extending out of the garage into critical industries and building emerging markets. The results, they confirm progress in each of those areas and we're confident that those strengthening initiatives, when coupled with the improvements driven by our Snap-on Value Creation, will assure that the positive trend we've already established and now reinforce with the first quarter results will continue for some time to come.  Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo for a more detailed discussion of the financial results. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Overall, revenue growth continued profitability increases in financial services and what we believe are significant benefits from our Snap-on Value Creation Processes generated a 52% improvement year-over-year net earnings and diluted earnings per share. Net sales in the first quarter of $694 million dollars increased $72 million or 11.6% year-over-year. Excluding currency translation, organic sales increased 10%. We continued to realize year-over-year sales growth throughout our businesses, including increased sales to franchisees by the Snap-on Tools Group, increased sales to repair shop owners and managers by the Repair Systems and Information or the RS&I group and increased sales to a wide range of customers in emerging markets in critical industries in our Commercial and Industrial or C&I group. Consolidated gross profit of $331 million in the quarter increased $43 million from 2010 levels as a result of higher sales, favorable manufacturing utilization, savings from ongoing RCI and restructuring initiatives and favorable foreign currency effects. Consolidated gross margin of 47.7% in the quarter increased 140 basis points from 46.3% last year. Operating expenses in the quarter of $243 million increased $27 million from 2010 levels, largely due to higher volume related and other expenses including: $6.8 million of increased performance-based and stock-based compensation including mark-to-market, $2.3 million of anticipated higher pension expense and $2.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects. These operating expense increases were partially offset by lower bad debt expense and benefits from ongoing RCI and other cost reduction initiatives. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses in the first quarter of 2011 were 35.1% as compared to 34.7% last year. Restructuring costs of $3 million in the first quarter were comparable to last year's $3.2 million. Financial services operating earnings of $12.5 million in the quarter improved $14.2 million from the first quarter 2010 loss of $1.7 million. On a sequential basis, Financial Services' operating earnings improved $3.1 million from fourth quarter 2010 levels. As expected, operating earnings from Financial Services continues to improve as our on-book finance portfolio grows. Interest expense of $16.3 million in the quarter increased $2.3 million from 2010 levels, mainly due to a higher average debt levels following last December's $250 million notes issuance. As anticipated, our first quarter 2011 effective income tax rate was 33% compared to 34.5% a year ago. Finally, net earnings in the first quarter of $56.2 million or $0.96 per diluted share increased $19.4 million or $0.33 per diluted share from 2010 levels.  Now let's turn to our segment results. Starting with C&I group on Slide 7, sales of $272 million for the first quarter improved 10.3% from 2010 levels. Excluding currency translation, organic sales increased 8.4%. Continued higher sales to customers in emerging markets, increased sales in the segment's European-based Hand Tool business and continued sales progress in the critical industries of aerospace and natural resources more than offset lower year-over-year sales to the military. And as Dick mentioned, while our organic sales in Japan were down in the quarter, it did not significantly impact our overall results. Gross profit in the C&I segment of $103.6 million in the quarter increased $14.9 million from 2010 levels, largely due to higher sales of favorable manufacturing utilization, savings from ongoing RCI restructuring initiatives and lower restructuring costs. Gross margin of 38% in the quarter improved 210 basis points from 35.9% last year. Operating expenses of $72 million in the quarter increased $8.7 million from 2010 levels, primarily due to higher volume related and other expenses and unfavorable foreign currency impacts. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses in the quarter were 26.4% as compared to 25.6% last year. First quarter operating earnings of $31.6 million for the C&I segment increased $6.2 million from 2010 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating margins in the C&I segment of 11.6% improved 130 basis points from 10.3% last year.  Turning now to Slide 8. On a worldwide basis, first quarter sales in the Snap-on Tools Group increased 13.5% year-over-year, largely due to continued higher sales in the United States. On an organic basis, sales were up 11.7%. Gross profit in the Snap-on Tools Group of $125 million in the quarter increased nearly $20 million from last year's levels. This increase includes contributions from higher sales and favorable manufacturing utilization and $1.7 million of favorable currency effects. These gross profit increases were partially offset by $2.3 million of higher restructuring costs, primarily due to the previously communicated consolidation of our North American Tools Storage operations into our Algona, Iowa facility. As a percentage of sales, gross margin of 44.3% improved 200 basis points from 42.3% last year. Operating expenses of $87.8 million in the quarter increased $9.6 million from 2010 levels, primarily due to higher volume related and other expenses. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 31.1% improved 30 basis points from 2010 levels. Operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $37.1 million in the quarter increased $10.1 million or 37.4% from the $27 million earned last year. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings of 13.2% increased 200  [Audio Gap] Turning to the RS&I group shown on Slide 9. First quarter sales of $227 million increased 12.3% year-over-year. Excluding currency translation, organic sales increased 11.7%, reflecting higher sales of undercar equipment and increased essential tool and facilitation program activity with automotive OEM dealerships. Gross profit of $102 million in the quarter increased $8.4 million from prior-year levels, primarily due to higher sales, lower restructuring costs and contributions from ongoing RCI and restructuring initiatives. As a percentage of sales, gross margin of 45% compared to 46.4% last year. The 140 basis point decline is largely due to higher relative growth in the sales of undercar equipment and essential tool and facilitation program sales. Operating expenses of $59.3 million in the quarter increased $2.6 million from 2010 levels, as higher volume related product development and other costs were partially offset by savings from ongoing RCI and restructuring initiatives. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses improved 200 basis points year-over-year. Operating earnings of $42.8 million for the RS&I segment increased $5.8 million from 2010 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating margins of 18.9% improved 60 basis points from 2010.  Now turning to Slide 10. Financial Services operating earnings of $12.5 million in the first quarter compares favorably to both fourth quarter 2010 earnings of $9.4 million and to the first quarter 2010 loss of $1.7 million. The $14.2 million year-over-year increase in operating earnings primarily reflects the higher revenue contributions from our growing on-book finance portfolio. Originations of $145 million in the quarter increased 24.2% compared to the first quarter 2010 levels, reflecting improved approval rates and greater participation in our credit programs.  Moving to Slide 11. At the first quarter end, our balance sheet includes $785 million of gross financing receivables including $640 million from our U.S. Snap-on Credit operation. In the United States, $530 million or 83% of the financing portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. Since 2010 year end, our total on-book financing portfolio has grown about $50 million and we expect for the full year 2011 that our on-book finance portfolio will increase approximately $130 million over 2010 year-end levels. Regarding finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations.  Now turning to Slide 12. Consolidated operating cash flow of $27.9 million for the quarter compares to $10.4 million last year. Our quarter end cash position of $517 million decreased $55 million from year-end levels, primarily due to the funding of new loans originated by Snap-on Credit, increased working investment in capital expenditures partially offset by higher net earnings. Free cash flow in the quarter was $3 million from the operating company, and as expected, a negative $35 million from financial services reflecting the continued funding of new loan originations at Snap-on Credit. Capital expenditures totaled $18.6 million in the quarter, reflecting our continued commitment to planned strategic investments.  As seen on Slide 13, day sales outstanding for trade receivables was 61 days at both first quarter and 2010 year end. As of quarter end, inventory levels were up $39 million versus 2010 year end, primarily to support higher levels of customer demand and as a result of foreign currency translation. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of 4.4x compared to 4.2x at the end of the first quarter of 2010 and 4.7x at 2010 year and. Net debt at the end of the quarter was $653.2 million. Our net debt to cap ratio of 30.5% compares to 25.9% last year and 30.1% at 2010 year end, reflecting the $250 million December note issuance. Excluding the $107.8 million withheld for the previously disclosed dispute with CIT, our quarter end net-debt-to-cap ratio would have been 33.8%. In addition to our of $517 million in cash and cash flow from operations, we have more than $600 million in available credit facilities and our current A2P2 short-term credit rating allows us to access the commercial paper markets, should we choose to do so. As of the first quarter end, no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities.  This concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance, and I'll now turn the call back over to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. So we're quite encouraged by the quarter's results. There are still challenges with continuing weakness in Spain, the U.S. dealership consolidation and now the uncertainty surrounding Japan. There are always challenges and weaknesses. We've consistently demonstrated the ability to overcome headwinds. The improvements of this quarter are a testimony to the strength of the Snap-on Value Creation Processes, Rapid Continuous Improvement, innovation, customer connection, quality and safety. It's a solid framework that's propelled us forward and we believe it will continue to do so.  We also said we would invest in the areas that we believe are decisive for our future and represent major runways for growth. We're doing that, and it's working. We said we'd enhance the van network. All the health metrics and the franchisees themselves say the vans have never been better. Extend to critical industries. We saw strong gains in aerospace and natural resources. Expand with repair shops owners and managers. Our SN&I absorbed dealership consolidation and still grew strongly and build in emerging markets. Eastern Europe and Asia Pacific are growing well ahead of GDP. I mentioned in the past that we're confident we'd emerge from the downturn stronger than when we entered, while the first quarter did provide some strong evidence that we did just that. Volumes were back to the Q1 2008 levels at constant currency. And our OpCo margin of 12.6% was 140 basis points higher than it was in that pre-recession period. And remember that in achieving that improvement, we shook off higher pension costs which are, after all, related to the financial crisis. And that represented an additional 130 basis points of expense. So our ongoing operating structure is significantly improved.  All of that, Snap-on value creation, investments and decisive strategic positions, the credit company contributing more as projected and the first quarter results. We believe those are strong signals that Snap-on is well positioned for continued improvement and to take full advantage of the broad runways for growth that are now clearly evident before us in the quarters and years ahead.  Before I close, I want to again express my appreciation and gratitude to all our associates and franchisees for their commitment. I know many of you are listening in to this call. You are responsible for the progress that's been made, that's been achieved and for the encouraging first quarter results. You have my congratulations and you have my thanks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: Yes, thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Jim Lucas with Janney Capital Markets.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: A couple of questions here. First, C&I, I thought it was interesting that you called out military as 1 of the headwinds, and I wanted to see if we could just drill down a bit further because, I mean, clearly, the comps are getting tougher in C&I. But not that 8.5% core growth is not shabby by any means, but what would the growth rate have been without that military headwind?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I think it would have been a few percent up, but I think the thing about C&I is, you said it first, to use the New York expression, I'm from New York, 8% isn't chopped liver, we think. And so we think it's pretty good. And then if you look at overall C&I sequentially, this is about in line with the sequential seasonality that you see in the C&I. So overall, we feel pretty encouraged by the quarter in C&I. If you look at the way C&I behaves in the first quarter, you have in there the Asia-Pacific businesses which are generally down in the first quarter seasonality wise because of Chinese New Year. And you have the idea that the fourth quarter is a little bit up because you've got the sort of year-end budget cycle plans through the industrial businesses. So the C&I numbers, we think, are pretty encouraging.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. Again, I just wanted a little clarification since you had called it out. And then switching gears to RS&I, facilitation, which we haven't heard much about the last few quarters, did you sign any new facilitation contracts? And what kind of headwind was that on margins?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think you're just seeing more Facilitation business come through. I think the dealers are coming out. I think what you see there is the auto industry getting a little stronger and recovering from what was 1 of the deeper recessions. And so the dealerships after the consolidation of dealerships are feeling a little more robust in placing in a few more orders. We didn't get any more big contracts or anything like that. The Facilitation business, though, can be like 15 points down from the average.
Aldo Pagliari: There's about a -- there could be a 15 point variation given the market performance when you're selling Facilitation versus the other business units that are in the RS&I.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And that's reflected more in the gross profit line?
Aldo Pagliari: Yes.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Sure.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. Then bigger picture, I mean, it was interesting and good to hear that the big-ticket demand has remained, but with gas prices now $4 and that magic number seeming to get back in the headlines more and more, have you heard anything either from your dealers specifically or seen any changes in the technician's buying patterns?
Nicholas Pinchuk: No. We haven't seen that yet. Or I don't -- our view of this, when gas prices go up, miles driven tends to react, I think, to the change in gas prices not to the absolute. A little bit like this, the gas prices go up the guy gets mad, he stops driving for a weekend, then he gets tired of being home. And so he tends to drive a bit more. But even through that period, when gas prices last went up in 2008, we didn't see much impact to our revenues. So I wouldn't expect to see it, I wouldn't expect to see it over the spread of a longer term. I don't really expect that. And we certainly haven't seen any yet. Now gas prices can impact our franchisee base somewhat in that they drive and they have diesel fuel, but it's not a major factor. You're talking about for every dollar of diesel price rise, you get about less than 1% increase in cost and that's usually offsetable in a number of ways. We did the last time, we're working on it now.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. And then final question, on the topic of cost, can you just give us an update of what you're seeing on the inflation side and the expectation for full-year price versus inflation?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. We do see some cost increases. Remember, our exposure is not that high, we don't -- a big component of our business, certainly Hand Tool business is labor, but we do have some exposure in steel and in freight and component and so on. And we see some of that drifting too. I think the good news is steel seems to be abating for us a little bit now. But we do see some costs, but we're seeing evidence, like we've always said, that we're able to price against that. As long as -- our tried-and-true situation has been, our demonstrated situation is, is that when the inflation is visible, when it's something like steel or freight or gasoline, we're able to price for it when people recognize that's the environment. If it's something like nickel or something a little more obscure, that might be another issue. But in terms of this, we see ourselves being able to price and we have been able to price when we've seen inflation here in this quarter.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay, great. Well congrats on a good start to the year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Can you, on the portfolio for the financial services, you've given us some idea of what the originations would be domestically. International, are -- can you give us any idea where that would be? Or does that stay kind of stagnant there?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, Gary, international portfolio did grow since last time. Sequentially, it's up about $4 million and I expect that it will continue to grow, not as rapid an absolute number as what you see on the U.S. side. And that's simply because we don't have all the mechanisms of Snap-on Credit extended globally at this point in time. That's something we have on our long-term vision is to how can we project some of the finance company attributes internationally? That's why we talked mostly about the U.S. portfolio.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: So with originations that you've given us for U.S., we're looking at something of between $860 million, $870 million as a year-end portfolio overall, Aldo? Was that about right?
Aldo Pagliari: That's a good estimate, I'd say up at about the $865 million mark, considering we have a robust origination experience in Q1. So we came out of the box stronger. It is typical in Q1 because we have -- it reflects the growth of the Snap-on Tools Group more than anything else. Snap-on has a lot of what we call kick-off meetings in the first quarter. So a lot of the products that are featured in that program tend to led themselves to contract finance arrangements. So the first quarter tends to be a little bit more robust. But certainly we came out strong so I'd say $865 million is a -- $870 million is a reasonable expectation for full year.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just 1 more question on that. The CIT receivables that are managed by SOC, when does that run off entirely?
Aldo Pagliari: Well, the contracts tend to have an average duration in the extended credit arena of about 3 years. So if you go back from July of '09, you'll say well, we're starting to get towards the average duration of where those will be. But all don't perform equally. Some of the ones that don't have what we call a renewed business or add-on performance can lag to their entire duration and go out the full 3-year to 5-year cycle. Also in there there's a pocket of van leases and there's some long-term leasing of equipment. We don't usually see those terminate early or come to early payment. So those could be laggard to the portfolio. So the bulk of the extended credit will run off this year. The remainder of it could be a tail that hangs out there for a few years, but it will create much less noise in 2012 than what it does this year.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just last question. It seems that you're at a -- total company wide, a more normalized level of operations relative to where the worldwide economies are. So as we think of your quarters, Q2 would be the second strongest sales quarter, Q4 would be the least -- Q3 would be the least and then Q4 would be the strongest. Is that how we should think about that?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. That's generally right, but it's not wildly different. The big seasonality in our business, Gary, most definitely is the third quarter. And so everything else, it's kind of noise around it. You're talking about the third quarter down 5% or 6% or 7%, that kind of thing. But we generally think -- I think I've said on these calls that it's very difficult to judge anything from the third quarter results. It could be up and down, depending on whether the Europeans come back from vacation or go longer, those kinds of things.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move on to Dax Vlassis with Gates Capital Management.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management: Yes. If I look at the internal growth rate of the company for the quarter, I think it was about 10%. How much of that was units and how much of that was pricing?
Nicholas Pinchuk: There wasn't very much pricing in that. I would say minimal pricing.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management: Okay. But you said that the -- that you're...
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. But the thing is, we're seeing that much -- we're not seeing that much material on inflation either. So we're not seeing much in terms of pricing. I would say less than 1% would be pricing.
Aldo Pagliari: I'd say that the first quarter reflects really pricing actions that took place in Q3, Q4 of last year. And up until the first quarter, we haven't seen a lot of the inflation effects on the commodity front. But we have forward-looking price increases that have already been announced and they'll be in place beginning in April. So we're already in place.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management: Well, if you raised prices in the second half of last year, you'd have pricing up year-over-year in the first quarter versus the first quarter, no?
Aldo Pagliari: And we do. And that's why we say it's probably 1%.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management: Okay. So it's 1% -- so you're saying it's of the 10%, 1% was pricing, 9% of the units and you had 1% sort of inflationary pressures in your costs.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. That's a good summary. Yes.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management: Okay. And the on the cash flows of the company, obviously you seem to put some more working capital in with higher inventories, obviously on the higher sales. On the inventory turns, do you think there's opportunities to improve that? Do you think you'll wring some more cash out of working capital this year on a full-year basis?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I think first of all, there's a seasonal question and so the inventory turns almost seasonally always go down from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. That happens to us. I think the answer is we probably will see some modest improvement, some improvement in working capital as we go forward in the year. There's a seasonality event there. What we did here, and you'll be entitled to view this, we took special action around inventory because I directed the Tools Group to add inventory to offset to make sure that we had no disruption when we made the Tool storage plant consolidation in the United States. And that's happening now. So some of what you're seeing is that. And then secondly, in Europe, as Europe came back, we saw raw material shortages in Europe. And so we asked the Europeans to put in place a little more raw material and whip so that they can serve their customer somewhat better. So you'd be entitled to view that as an idea that, that would come out as the world matures and we put behind us the consolidation in Tool Storage and that's going to happen through the year. And then I believe the raw material situation will stabilize in Europe as we go forward and that inventory will come out.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management: Right. And then regarding the balance sheet, I mean, if I look at the debt of the company especially the way you sort of, I mean, I guess Financial Services is consolidated but you sort of break it out as sort of a separate entity, as if it were a separate entity, and that if I look at the leverage that you use in that business, it's sort of moderate and on the whole company it's -- if you look at it on a sort of operating basis excluding Financial Services, that it sort of looks extremely low. What is the priority for cash flow? Because it looks like you have, really -- I mean, it looks like you can generate significant amounts of cash and really have nowhere to go with it as far as -- I guess, you have 1 issue of debt pay down that's about $200 million this year but other than that...
Nicholas Pinchuk: I disagree with the idea of nowhere to go. That's the first thing I'd say. I wouldn't characterize it quite like that. I mean, first of all, we do have cash flows that are associated with the credit company and, of course, as the on-book portfolio comes on, that will leave cash from us. We have to repay the debt and that comes due in the middle of next year. Then we have substantial ideas around organic growth. And you see our capital investment ramping up this year to greater than last year. And we have acquisition opportunities that are coherent to our strategy in critical industries and serving repair shop owners and managers that lay out before it. So I think we have ample places to put that cash.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management: Well, that's kind of what I was getting at, the acquisition opportunity and sort of how do you view the pipeline for that? And how do you look at the multiples of these businesses? Obviously, given what I'm looking at, the overall company, Snap-on, trades at a relatively cheap multiple. And I'm just wondering about acquisitions, about the amount you'd have to pay for acquisitions versus buying your own stock here.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I think our policy on the stock buyback is more or less we offset dilution. We think we have places where we can put the money at reasonable prices and make a lot out of it. When we acquire somebody, we think we can make them a lot better. Because we've got Snap-on Value Creation Processes. We impose -- when we put that on an acquisition, we can make them better than they were before, because those processes are tight and capable and value creating around safety and quality and customer connection and innovation and Rapid Continuous Improvement. It did a lot for our company and we acquired ProQuest, the Electronic Parts business in what, late to almost early 2006, late 2007. That business has been rocked by dealership consolidations in the interim and the Snap-on Value Creation system has wrung profitability out of that and allowed us to offset it. So we feel pretty confident we can acquire somebody, 1, and make them better just with Snap-on Value Creation and secondly, and secondly, we can add it to our -- because we're not looking at acquiring somebody that's sort of like -- that's unrelated to our business. We see ourselves saying we can grow coherently. We're just -- we're taking the Snap-on brand out of the garage and into critical industries. So of we would acquire a company that had a position in, let's say aerospace or natural resources and added it to the power of the Snap-on brand, there would be synergies beyond the idea of the processes we would bring to that company. And so there will be tremendous value created. So I'm not so worried about the multiple question.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management: Well, okay. And just to be clear, when you're talking about, I mean, businesses, you're not talking about buying turnaround situations, you're talking about decent businesses that you would improve.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. I mean, yes. I'm not saying that we're buying businesses to turn them around, but I think we can improve almost most businesses we see, actually.
Dax Vlassis - Gates Capital Management: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Ms. Leslie Kratcoski for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie Kratcoski: Great. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning to review our results and what we know is a very full earnings release date. A replay and the transcript will be available shortly after this call and we wish you the best. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Leslie Kratcoski – VP-IR Nick Pinchuk – CEO Aldo Pagliari – CFO
Analysts: Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott David Leiker – Robert W. Baird Dax Vlassis – Gates Capital Management Alex Guestio [ph] – Barrington Research
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2010 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results Conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of our prepared remarks we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And please note that today’s program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Leslie Kratcoski, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks Lisa and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s fourth quarter 2010 results which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s Chief Executive Officer and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we’ll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I’d now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk, Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks Leslie. Good morning everyone. As we look at our fourth quarter, we’re once again encouraged both by our financial performance and by our advancements in the areas we’ve identified as being of strategic importance. Overall volumes in the quarter were up 13.6% and the gains were widely spread across customer basis, across operating units, and across geographies. Operating earnings rose nearly 44% and the overall margin of 13.5% increased 270 basis points from last year powered by expansion in the operating company as well as by the ramp up in our financial services profitability. Excluding the financial services operation, the 12.6% operating margin was up well over the 11.5% registered in 2009. Importantly, I think the results confirm continuing progress and the building momentum. It was the fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales increases and these results represent the largest of those gains. Also, the operating margins were the highest of the years defining a bright line of progress throughout 2010. I believe it’s clear that Snap-on closed out 2010 in a much stronger position than when we entered the year. Of course there was improvement in the overall global economic environment and we’ve taken advantage. But we’ve also strengthen our tactical execution driven by our commitment to the Snap-on value creation processes, rapid continuous improvement or RCIs we call it, innovation, customer connection, quality and safety. They continue to drive improvement and the good news is that there’s much more to gain, there is much more to go. Beyond that, we’ve achieved a much more progress in those focused areas that we believe will be strategically decisive for our future, enhancing our franchisee network, expanding the company’s presence with repair shop owners and managers, rolling the Snap-on brand out of the garage, extending into other mission critical areas or arenas, and building our physical capabilities in emerging market. We’re making progress in each of those areas. Now, let me for a moment, touch on what we’re seeing in the economy in the related sales activity. It’s actually somewhat refreshing and a more straight-forward discussion than we had in 2009, most trends are in fact positive. Those areas that already demonstrated signs of recovery continue to show progress. Take for example, the tools group serving professional automotive technicians, that business return to pre-downturn levels in the third quarter and the recovery was confirmed again in the fourth quarter. As part of the trend, activity in big ticket items remained strong. These are longer payback products like handheld diagnostic units and under car equipment or more discretionary items like tool storage units. We watch those particular sales trends because they, we believe there are reasonably accurate parameter for our customer’s financial health and of their confidence. The strength in those big ticket products was across the aboard with diagnostics and tool storage units driving increased sales to the tools group and undercar equipment especially high value aligners bolstering sales in the repair systems and information group which serves vehicle repair shop owners and managers. I think we can say, the trends here were consistently encouraging throughout 2010. Each quarter had a year-over-year gains in all three big ticket categories and the fourth quarter ride outpaced our overall sales increase. We also continue to register recovered activity in the industrial business with professional users and critical industries all across the globe. And beyond that, emerging markets just continue to be robust and the fourth quarter was no exception. So the areas I just discussed were a continuation of the positive trend we saw in the earlier period. But we also saw some additional favorable signs in the spaces that have been slower to recover. For example, our businesses that are tied to automotive OEM dealerships, although, the North American dealership base continues to contract and it’s an ongoing challenge, we did see some considerable increases relating to essential tool distributions in both North America and Europe. In the fourth quarter, we’ve registered some gains as those customers became more willing to commit. In Europe, in area of mixed economies overall, we did see our strongest year-over-year increase in the fourth quarter, solid double-digit. I already mentioned, the continuing strength in under car equipment in the region, but we also saw strong comparisons in Northern and Central countries of Europe like Sweden and Germany and favorability in the at Eastern emerging economies where we’ve added additional presence in Belarus and recently ramped our production in the (inaudible) facility. So there are real positives in Europe, but the South especially Spain hasn’t changed. It’s still weak, and that’s a market which is significant for us, it’s a significant market for Snap-on. So overall, we registered an encouraging quarter and that was encouraging while still fighting the headwinds generated by our major markets in the South of Europe and by the consolidation of the OEM dealership space. Now, I’ll provide some highlights for each of the segments and mention some of the progress we made on our strategic areas of focus. Commercial and Industrial or C&I posted a volume increase from 2009 of 15.4%. The operating earnings were up over $18 million recovering smartly to 12.6% of sales from the 6.8% registered last year. We’re gaining in C&I and we’re also seeing the benefits or gaining position in C&I and we’re also seeing the benefits from RCI and from restructuring actions.
,: Excellence in manufacturing has sort out and evaluated and the judges like what they saw in Snap-on Murphy. Industry weakened in their comments highlighted the breadth and depth of the RCI culture at Murphy as a key driver in that plant excellence. Endorsements like that only come from hard work and dedication. So I can congratulate and I thank the associate that our Murphy facility for the success.
evident: That progress was driven by both an increasingly clear customer focus and also by innovative new products specifically aimed at solutions for those particular segments. Products such as the large tools for mining, tether tools for working at heights in aerospace and energy industries and products with advanced technology, like the automotive tool control unit or ATC for the aviation industry. You might remember that I mentioned the launch of ATC last quarter and reception since has been enthusiastic. Beyond that, we also established important partnerships with technical schools focused on automotive, aviation, and alternative energy. We are putting Snap-on in at the ground floor careers for techs in those critical industries with (inaudible) payoff and make them Snap-on customers for life. All of those, all of those products help drive our improved and growing position in this strategic arena. Also on in the C&I group is where we have our Asian and emerging market businesses. We’ve spent the past few years building physicals in those geographies. During 2010, we expanded plans and launched new products designed specifically for those markets. From automotive handheld diagnostics to professional brand of hand tools, we are building the physicals primarily to serve in the local markets, but they are powered by Snap-on technology and expertise that reflect our history and legacy of innovation and productivity, and that gives us an advantage in those fragmented but growing markets. We can particularly see that growth in China and India and increases continued at a rapid pace in both those markets. I believe when you think of emerging markets, it’s worth noting that the repair cycle is just getting started in those economies and there is much more opportunity for Snap-on in that arena. Overall in the quarter and throughout 2010, the advance in C&I were marked by solid volume gains and improved profitability all throughout the group and we see those businesses clearly moving forward along an extended runway for growth. Moving on to the tools group where we serve professional or automotive technicians, as I said it’s back above pre-recession levels. Big ticket activity is strong, the overall year-over-year fourth quarter volume gain of 12.8% was led by the U.S., the operating margin was 9.6% and it offers a bit of a complicated comparison because of non-comparable items both in 2009 and 2010. As I will provide some more detailed analysis, I’ll just highlight that we’re reportedly structuring in the fourth quarter in the tools group of $4.6 million, absent that charge the tools group margin of 11.3% is in inline with the full year result and includes our focus support to successfully maintain the strength of our franchising network. I do believe that the relatively modest decline in the tools group volume during 2009 and then having it to be among first to recover is a testimony to the strength of our franchisee. We recognized that advantage as we went into the turbulence. We were committed to maintaining and supporting the network through the difficulties and by all accounts, it worked. The key indicators of franchisee are quite positive, turnover has been reduced. Cash collections are strong and delinquencies are at low level. The advantage that is to the Snap-on franchisee network remains robust. I already spoke about big ticket strength. If you regain early on, we said that these categories would lead us out of the downturn and they have. And as I meet with the franchisees their outlook is upbeat. We have record attendance at our annual conference earlier in the year. Over 2000 franchisees made additional commitments to attend, refined field training program and as I meet with them, they are quite excited about our new award winning products. Some of those are high tech innovations like the VERDICT, like the VERDICT handheld diagnostic unit and some are just great designs that demonstrate connection with our customers like low profile ratchets, all in one wire stripper, crimpers, and cutters with a compact clutch version of the cordless CT561 impact wrench. These three items and many others all have one thing in common, they make work easier for technicians operating in an ever changing and ever increasingly tight space and they help create the tools group recovery. Aldo will talk in some detail about the results of the financial services segment, but I’ll only say that we believe our in-house financing capabilities are a unique advantage. It’s a special Snap-on feature that makes our franchising network stronger. Bringing Snap-on credit home after we ended the joint venture with CIT has been a smooth transition. No interruption to our franchisees or to our end customers. We were confident we could execute on integrating the credit company and we did just that. As evidence of that successful integration the financial services operations is demonstrating the same strong profitability ramp up as we always expected. Snap-on credit has been a strategic strength, it’s now becoming a significant profit contributor and we believe it’s only going to get better. Now for some discussion on repair systems and information or the RS&I group. Fourth quarter organic sales were up 16.8% and the operating margin was 19.7%, both representing substantial improvements from last year. I already mentioned the big movers, undercar equipment continued its fourth quarter trend of double digit year-over-year increases with gain positioned in that arena around the world. We’ve also increased facilitation in essential tools activity through equipment solutions or EQS. The vehicle manufacturers are gaining more confidence as we go forward investing in service and were playing our part. We continue to invest in RS&I because we see the opportunity to make strategic gains with repair shop owners and managers and to expand our presence within shops of varying types. For example, the RS&I group is expanding in medium and heavy duty truck repair growing with investments in that segment. Growing with and we’re investing in truck repair information, essential diagnostic tools for diesel engines, and diagnostics for products aimed particularly at fleets. Truck is an area that’s a natural fit for Snap-on and we are on the upswing. During the fourth quarter that progress was rewarded when Snap-on product was used by the American Trucking Association as the repair information source for their SuperTech competition. It’s a great opportunity to further introduce our product to fleet customers and was a fine endorsement of Snap-on for the heavy truck segment. Also during the year Mitchell1 our business that provides shop and repair information launched new shop management software with expanded and integrated parts capabilities. The new offerings will make work easier for the shops and it’s helping strengthen Mitchell1’s already substantial repair shop position. I’ll just wrap up the odds in my discussion with the final word about innovation. Snap-on received significant attention and recognition for new products in the last year. One is the Quadriga, a fully automated tire changer, recently was the recipient of an Innovation Award from the Professional Tool and Equipment news. Snap-on’s cutting edge 3D imaging technology along with Pro-42 software around the liners is leading to gain to that important aligner segment, a crucial segment for the equipment business. We have new wheel balancing technology, technology that laser maps tire wear and helps predict tire replacement needs. It’s the first of its kind in the industry. Of course, as we have mentioned before we have the fully functional VERDICT diagnostic hand held unit, it set a new standard with Wi-Fi access, integration of Mitchell1 repair information and a wireless touch screen, all in the technician’s hand that allows remote use by the technician from anywhere in the shop. These are productivity enhancing tools. They are also attractive, quite attractive to shop owners and managers and they are helping Snap-on expand its position with that important customer base and they were in the fourth quarter a big contributor to the fourth quarter and the full year RS&I achievement. So I think you can say, our fourth quarter was a further in of the positive trend we see now for several periods. Organic sales were up over 13%, operating income up over 40%, and this was against the headwinds generated by the continued weakness in southern Europe and the OEM dealership consolidation. Overall, we are encouraged by the results. And by what they say about the clear runway for growth we have going forward. Now I’ll turn the call over to Aldo for the financial review, then I’ll make a few closing comments. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on slide 6. Net sales in the fourth quarter of $697 million increased 12.7% year-over-year. Excluding currency translation, organic sales increased $83 million or 13.6%. The primary drivers behind the year-over-year sales increase include double-digit sales growth across many of our businesses including sales to franchisees in the United States, customers in critical industries and emerging markets, an increased facilitation program activities with automotive OEM dealerships including higher sales of essential tools. Sales of under car equipment to repair facilities were also up significantly, driven by imaging alignment product sales gains across all major geographies. While continuing to be impacted by challenging economic conditions throughout Southern Europe, sales in our European based hand-tool business also experienced year-over-year increases, particularly in Northern Europe. Consolidated gross profit of $319 million in the quarter increased $34.1 million from 2009 levels, driven by higher sales, favorable manufacturing utilization, and savings from ongoing rapid continuous improvement in our RCI initiatives and restructuring actions. These gross profit increases were partially offset by $6.5 million, of lower year-over-year LIFO related inventory evaluation benefits. The higher LIFO benefits in 2009, resulted from inventory reductions including the liquidation of slow moving and excess inventories as we adjusted production response to the weakened demand during the economic down turn. As a result, consolidated gross margin of 45.7% in the quarter decreased 30 basis points from 46% last year. Operating expenses in the quarter of $231 million increased approximately $18 million from the prior year primarily due to higher volume related and other expenses, including $4.1 million of higher U.S. pension expense, largely due to the amortization of investment losses incurred in 2008 related to our domestic pension plan assets. Operating expenses were also impacted by $3.8 million of higher year-over-year performance based incentive compensation expense and $1.7 million of higher stock based mark-to-market expense. These operating expense increases were partially offset by $4.9 million of lower bad debt expense, $2.5 million of benefits from ongoing RCI and restructuring initiatives and $1.6 million of favorable currency effects. As a percent of sales, operating expenses of 33.1% in the quarter improved 140 basis points from 34.5% last year. Restructuring cost in the fourth quarter of 2010 of $5.8 compared to $6.7 million last year. Restructuring cost in 2010 include initial cost to consolidate our North American tool storage operations. For the full year, restructuring charges of $14.2 million in 2010 compared to $22 million incurred last year. Financial services operating earnings of $9.4 million in the quarter improved $13.2 million from the fourth quarter 2009 loss of $3.8 million. On a sequential basis financial services operating earnings improved $4.4 million from third quarter 2010 levels. As evidenced by the continued quarter-over-quarter improvements in the sequential operating performance, we expect that operating earnings from financial services will continue to improve as the on-book finance portfolio grows. We’ll cover financial services in more detail in a few minutes. Interest expense of $14 million in the fourth quarter decreased slightly from 2009 levels, reflecting lower average debt levels partially offset by higher average interest rates. In December, we issued $250 million of 4.25% 7-year senior notes. The proceeds from these notes are being used for general corporate purposes which may include the funding of Snap-on credits on-balance sheet finance portfolio and the August 2011 repayment of $200 million of debt upon its maturity. Incremental interest expense in the fourth quarter related to these notes was about $600,000. Going forward, interest expense associated with these new notes will approximate $2.7 million per quarter or about $0.03. Our fourth quarter 2010 effective income tax rate of 30.1% compares favorably to 31.4% in the fourth quarter of last year. As noted in our earnings release, the fourth quarter 2010 effective income tax rate benefited primarily from non recurring tax items including the late December extension of certain Federal tax incentives. Finally net earnings in the quarter of $57.9 million and $0.99 per diluted share including $0.06 from the non recurring tax items increased $21.3 million or $0.36 per diluted share from fourth quarter 2009 levels. With that let’s now turn to our segment results. Starting with the C&I Group on slide 7, fourth quarter sales of $282 million improved 14.5% from fourth quarter 2009 levels. Excluding currency translation, organic sales increased more than 15%. The year-over-year sales increase was again driven by higher sales across all operating units particularly by our business serving customers in critical industries and emerging markets. Gross profit in the C&I segment of $108 million in the quarter increased 28.4% from 2009 levels. This $24 million gross profit increase is primarily due to higher sales, $4.8 million of lower restructuring cost, and $3.1 million of savings from ongoing RCI and restructuring initiatives. The gross profit comparison also benefited from improving manufacturing utilization primarily in Europe, as a result of increased production levels. Gross margin of 38.4% improved 420 basis points from 34.2% last year, including 200 basis points from the lower restructuring cost. Operating expenses in the quarter of $72.6 million increased $5.3 million from 2009 levels, primarily due to a higher volume related and other expenses. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses improved by 160 basis points year-over-year. Operating earnings of $35.4 million for the C&I segment in the fourth quarter of 2010 increased $18.6 million or more than double from 2009 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating margin in the C&I segment of 12.6% in the quarter improved 580 basis points from 6.8% last year. Turning now to slide 8. On a worldwide basis, fourth quarter organic sales in the Snap-on tools group increased 12.8% year-over-year, including a 15.2% increase in the United States and a 6.7% increase in our international franchise operations. Fourth quarter gross profit in the Snap-on tools group was a $107 million in both years. Gross profit contributions in 2010 from higher sales were more than offset by $6.5 million of lower year-over-year LIFO related inventory benefits and $4.6 million of higher restructuring cost. As mentioned earlier, the higher level of LIFO benefits in 2009 resulted from inventory reductions, including the liquidation of slow moving and excess inventories as we adjusted production response to the weakened demand. Gross margin in the Snap-on tools group was 40% in the fourth quarter of 2010 as compared to 45.3% last year, including a 440 basis point reduction from the year-over-year LIFO impacts and the higher restructuring cost. Operating expenses of $81.4 million in the quarter increased $7.1 million from 2009 levels primarily due to a higher volume related and other expenses. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses of 30.4% improved 90 basis points from 31.3% last year. Including the impacts of lower LIFO related inventory evaluation benefits and higher restructuring cost, fourth quarter operating earnings for Snap-on tools was $25.8 million or 9.6% of sales compared to $33.1 million or 14% of sales last year. After adjusting for LIFO and restructuring in both years, operating income as a percentage of sales was comparable in both years. Turning to Repair Systems and Information, our RS&I segment, shown on slide 9, fourth quarter sales of $232 million increased $30 million or 14.9% year-over-year. Excluding currency translation, sales increased 16.8% led by greater sales of under car equipment in both the Americas and Europe, higher sales of diagnostic and Mitchell1 information products and increased activity with automotive OEM dealerships primarily due to increased essential tool and facilitation program sales. Gross profit of a $103 million in the quarter increased $10.4 million or 11.2% from 2009 levels, primarily due to higher sales and contributions from favorable manufacturing utilization as a result of increased production levels. As a percentage of sales, gross margin of 44.6% in the quarter decreased a 140 basis points from 46% last year. This is primarily due to a shift in sales mix that include a greater sales of lower margin essential tool and facilitation program sales by OEM dealerships. Operating expenses of $57.6 million in the quarter decreased slightly from 2009 levels as higher volume related product development and other cost were more than offset by $3.6 million of lower bad debt expense and $2.2 million of savings from ongoing RC&I restructuring initiatives. Operating earnings of $45.7 million in the quarter for the RS&I segment increased $10.7 million or 30.6% from 2009 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating margins in the quarter of 19.7% improved 240 basis points from 17.3% last year. Now, turning to slide 10, financial services’ operating earnings of $9.4 million in the fourth quarter, compares favorably to both third quarter 2010 earnings of $5 million and to the fourth quarter 2009 loss of $3.8 million. The $13.2 million year-over-year increase in operating earnings primarily reflects the higher revenue contributions from Snap-on Credits growing on-book finance portfolio. Originations in the quarter increased 7.5% compared to the prior year. Moving to slide 11, as of 2010 year end, our balance sheet includes gross financing receivables of $592 million from our U.S. Snap-on Credit operation and $141 million from our international finance subsidiaries, for a total financing portfolio of $733 million. In the United States, $491 million or 83% of the Snap-on Credit portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. Snap-on Credit also continues to manage the run-off portfolio of contracts owned by CIT, which totaled $260 million at year end and which is down $57 million from third quarter 2010 levels and down $330 million from year end 2009 levels. For the full year, the on-book financing portfolio at Snap-on Credit grew about $325 million. Regarding finance portfolio losses and delinquency trends, these continue to be in line with our expectations. Now, turning to slide 12. Consolidated operating cash flow of $64.3 million for the quarter and a $140.4 million for the year includes the effect of a $48 million discretionary cash contribution to our U.S. pension plans. Operating cash flow for the full year was also impacted by a $112 million of higher levels of trade and other receivables and inventories as a result of increased sales and customer demand.
 : As a result, free cash flow from the operating company was $25.8 million for the fourth quarter and $91.1 million for the full year. As anticipated, free cash flow from financial services was negative in 2010 as a result of funding new loan origination. We expect that the impact of loan origination on free cash flow were lessened over time once the on-book portfolio stabilizes. Capital expenditures of $28 million in the quarter and $51 million for the full year included the continued expansion of our manufacturing capabilities in lower cost regions and emerging markets. Investments have focused on increased efficiency and cost reduction and improvements at our Kenosha, Wisconsin R&D facilities and headquarters. As seen on slide 13, working capital metrics improved year-over-year. Day-sales outstanding for trade receivables of 61 days at 2010 year end improved from 63 days last year. On a trailing 12 month basis, inventory turns at 2010 year end of 4.7 times improved considerably from 4.1 times last year. Net debt at the end of the quarter was $590.6 million [ph]. Our net debt to cap ratio of 30.1% compares to 22.2% last year and 29.2% at the end of the third quarter reflecting the $250 million December note issuance. Excluding the $107.8 million withheld for the previously disclosed dispute with CIT, our year end net debt to cap ratio would have been 33.7%. In addition to our $572 million in cash and our cash flows from operations, we continue to maintain a $500 million revolving credit facility, a $100 million asset backed securitization facility, and $20 million of committed bank loans. In addition to these facilities, our current A2/P2 short-term credit rating allows us to access the commercial paper market should we choose to do so. As of 2010 year end, no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities. This concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance. Before turning the call back to Nick to provide his final thoughts, I’d like to mention some considerations for our 2011 outlook as covered in our press release. In 2011, we expect to incur $11 million of higher year-over-year pension expense largely due to the amortization of investment losses incurred 2008 related to our U.S. pension plan assets. Capital expenditures in 2011 are anticipated to be in the range of $55 million to $65 million and we anticipate a full year effective income tax rate of approximately 33%. And as discussed earlier, interest expense on our fourth quarter debt issuance were approximately $2.7 million or $0.03 per diluted share per quarter. With that, I’ll now turn it back over to Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks Aldo. We believe, the message of our fourth quarter is threefold. First, the Snap-on value creation processes are continuing to drive improvement. We saw the results in our new product, and our profits, and achievements like the Murphy factoring being named in the top 2010 and our successful integration of the credit company. And we believe, there is a long road of progress still to be traveled. Secondly, many of our businesses have recovered returning to pre-recession levels, at the same time we do have selected areas, particularly Southern Europe in the OEM dealership segment that have some way to go. Finally, we see in the results that our runways for growth are clear, we grew substantially in the quarter while still facing the headwinds of Spain and the rest of Southern Europe in the OEM dealership segment. Those increases were driven by decisive strategic gains enhancing our franchise network, expanding with shop owners, extending to critical industries, and building an emerging market and we can see further and expansive opportunities in each of those areas. Overall, I think you’ll remember, we said entering the recession that we would navigate the difficulties and emerge stronger than before. We believe, the fourth quarter results continuing the trend defined to 2010 are evidence that we did just that. But most importantly, those result indicate that we are positioned quite well, Snap-on is positioned quite well to capitalize on the abundant opportunities for growth that stretch out before us. Now, before I turn the call over to the operator I want to finish by thanking our associates and our franchisees. I know many of you’re listening. The fourth quarter and the full year results were only possible because of your efforts on behalf of Snap-on and because of your commitment to our team. For all of that, for your continuing support of our company you have my congratulations and you have my thanks. Now, I’ll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Jim Lucas, Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Thanks. Good morning all.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Couple of questions here. First, for 2010 what did the geographic mix look like at the end of the year, in particular how much did the emerging markets grow in terms of the overall percentage?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think we said emerging – it’s I think we said 59% is the U.S., about 26% in Europe. Emerging markets is between 5% and 10% in that regard. The emerging markets we generally say is growing faster than GDP. We saw pretty good growth in India particularly in the fourth quarter and the third quarter of this year, we starting to see our business in India pickup quite a bit. I don’t know if we foresaw that so much when we entered the year.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: So, out of curiosity, since you call that out, what is driving the India growth?
Nick Pinchuk: Jim, I think it’s the new equipment product. We started out taking equipment focused on China market and launching a mid tier, you might remember we talked a bit about that in the beginning, the early penetration of China was around, I don’t want to say skimming but around the top of the line products in the best garages and then we got some experience and then we came out with a mid-tier line of aligners and balancers and tire changers. When we introduced that in India, it took off quite smartly.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, so just to clarify the emerging markets in terms of the overall percentage it’s still in the 5% to 10%, you are saying faster growth, but…
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I mean it’s off a small bit, I mean I think actually a lot of people have observed, I found some others have observed, I think you could observe with us and I think I said in my remarks, we are early in the cycle, this repair cycle. Industrial companies around the country I think are up around 20% or 25%. What you see from us is a situation where the repair cycle hasn’t started yet. You know the story, 300 million cars in United States and are all – 45% are over 10 years old, 70 million in China and they are all new. So we haven’t actually seen our business as a broad fit, as an industry really grab hold yet. And that applies not only to automotive repair but also to aerospace and a number of different things. Repair cycle is just starting, we are building to get there and I think we have quite a bit of opportunity and you can see that, just if you compare to other industrial companies, how they are represented in China and other places in the emerging markets.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Absolutely and on RS&I, what impact does mix have on the margins there, just trying to understand what those new segment, what the margin profile should look like going forward?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think you are seeing the margin profile now, what happened is that you get some headwinds when the OEM facilitation business starts building and that happened in this quarter, it had been under represented in prior quarters. When the OEM manufacturers start having this central tool distributions those were lower margins, more than 10 points lower at a gross margin level. I think what you are seeing now is a good base to model going forward. I don’t think you are going to see a big mix change, because I think the facilitation business is now reasonably represented as a mixed piece.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, that’s helpful. On the tools group Aldo, do we – is the LIFO comps kind of worked their way out at this point, so 2011 more apple-to-apples.
Aldo Pagliari: Jim that’s a good characterization. Certainly as inventory build there will be some impact of LIFO but you won’t have that year-over-year noise that you had in the fourth quarter of this year. So, yes you characterized it correctly.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay and final one for me on the credit business, first expected a contribution from a cash basis this year and secondly any update CIT disputes?
Aldo Pagliari: First half, we expect that the portfolio grows, yes you’ll see sequential improvement as we have seen consistently over the last quarter since the termination of the joint venture back in July of ’09. So we don’t provide the exact guidance on what that buildup will be, but you will see, we expect there will be incremental improvements in each quarter as we go forward. With respect to CIT really there is no further update of consequence, so we have a meeting scheduled with an arbitrator in the second quarter of this year, we are hoping that the matter will be fully resolved by that point in time, but really nothing much else to say in that matter.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question today will come from David Leiker, Robert W. Baird.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi David.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: Although as we look forward on the growth profit line with the LIFO, are we through the point now that on a go forward basis we are not going to see LIFO benefits flow through the income statement anywhere?
Aldo Pagliari: I don’t believe we will see LIFO benefits David. I would expect as the economy is continuing to recover and we continue to grow inventories will pick up appropriately. So, and with that if anything you’ll have some LIFO expense creep into the financials, but not the benefits.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: How big do you think those expenses might end up running, do you have any thoughts?
Aldo Pagliari: I don’t know, I don’t think they are being significant.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then as we look at the organic performance across the businesses, tools business and diagnostics, both have seen an acceleration and that’s relative to what we saw in the prior quarters. Is that something that we’re seeing some real strong underlying growth there accelerate or there is something else going on?
Nick Pinchuk: Well I think the tools, actually the tools business looks fairly strong. It’s hard to say, I think we are seeing some real positives there. I think I said in the last call, everybody says they are gaining share. I think we feel quite confident that we are improving our position with technicians in the tools group. I think you are seeing technicians themselves become a little bit more, they are a little bit confident of their future and not necessarily, it’s not necessarily pin up demand, it’s just they are going back business as usual in terms of buying. When you – we just had to kick off David and the kick off events were I think are best ever. Now these are events which lead up the year, we hold them in January and have distributed around the country in places like Chicago and Deadwood, South Dakota, and Phoenix and so on. And the attendance at those was a record and the enthusiasm for the programs that are coming forward was very positive. So I have to say that the anecdotal reports from the individual dealers, I attended a couple of them myself. The anecdotal reports from the dealers seem to match up with the numbers to say that we are gaining position and this looks like that that group is getting its momentum moving forward positively. It recovered from I think we are back to 2008 levels, so you can say we are at pre-recession levels. So the fourth quarter I think is a pretty good quarter for them.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: Do you think that, if you look at that business here in the U.S. in particular, in the tools side you are back to normal customer behavior. Is there a…
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I’d say that. I’d say we are seeing – in the United States the business grew 15%, 16%. So big number and so we feel pretty positive about that and I wouldn’t call it pinned up demand. I just think customers are – they’ve been fortified by the continuing demand in the shops even through the recession, now they’re getting more confident and they are going back to business as usual and by the way, we are stronger than when we entered, our franchisees are stronger, their cash is better, determination is better, and our products are better.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: I think I have a question on the repair side is that back to normal level of demands or not yet?
Nick Pinchuk: I think it’s back to normal levels of demand. Now of course the comps gets tougher in 2011 as you know, but I feel positive about that business.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: And then lastly, I was a little late getting on, but Europe, the Southern part of the region particularly in the C&I business has done bit of a lag, has that gotten back, is that starting to support the year end or not?
Nick Pinchuk:
 : So if you think about us going forward you can think of us this way. We have a number of businesses that are fully recovered and then we’ve got places that have, still kind of caught in a kind of a recession level, which is the OEM dealership business for reasons of consolidation. And the Southern European business, that’s, I think that’s how you can look at us going forward.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: Okay, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Next up is Dax Vlassis, Gates Capital Management.
Dax Vlassis – Gates Capital Management: Yes, I think you said that C&I group – was the restructuring charges were about $4.8 million, doubt the year-over-year. Can you give us the absolute numbers?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, actually I think I said that the tools group was the $4.6 million year-over-year charges. Is that, you are talking about the fourth quarter or the full year?
Dax Vlassis – Gates Capital Management: I’m talking about the fourth quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: $4.6 million is in the tools group, that’s was the tools group years.
Aldo Pagliari: It was last year’s number. In 2010 we have a nominal amount, so it’s about $4.8 million difference year-over-year.
Dax Vlassis – Gates Capital Management: Yes, commercial and industrial, there is an increase – gross profit, increased due to higher sales $4.8 million lower restructuring costs?
Aldo Pagliari: Correct, those $4.6 million were occurred late last year, we had a nominal reversal this year. So $4.8 million is total difference [ph].
Dax Vlassis – Gates Capital Management:
 :
 :
Nick Pinchuk: No, I don’t think so. And I think our big seasonality quarter is the third quarter. It’s the third quarter all right, because we have European businesses and so you see vacations flow through the numbers. But, generally, we have little seasonality in the other three quarters. Now, there can be a little turbulence in expense because when you start out the year you are spending on things like I said the kick off meetings and so on, so the expense line can move somewhat based on those things. But, generally I’d say in the terms of the top line, in terms of – it’s pretty much no seasonality.
Dax Vlassis – Gates Capital Management: Okay and if I exclude the impact from financial services, looking forward and not just from a general perspective, if I look at the financial services segment and ex-out the sort of working capital requirements of that business, and I’m just looking at the core three segments, are we at a working capital level with those now that you would generate some pretty substantial free cash flow from those segments exclusive of the financial services segment?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I think that’s right. I would say that, we think that moving forward, now I am not going to say that we are not going to add any working capital as our sales move upwards, that’s not the situation. But I think the free cash flow from what we call OPCO, the operating company outside of the financial services, we are pretty robust.
Dax Vlassis – Gates Capital Management: Right because I mean it seems like the CapEx levels are low and if working capital is back up to a high-level, you should generate a fair amount of free cash flow here.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I think that’s true, the one exception to that might be if you say as you expand in emerging market that tends to be a structural build. So that’s a little different but generally the rest of the business. So I would that you – in a broad sense you’re correct.
Dax Vlassis – Gates Capital Management: Okay, and my last question is on the restructuring expenses going forward, it seems like the lot of the expenses have trailed-off, do you have any – what are your expectations for…?
Nick Pinchuk: No, I wouldn’t characterize them as trailed off, we spent, I think we spent $15 million this year, we spent…
Aldo Pagliari: 14.2.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay, thank you 14.2 this year and we – and last year we spent just over 20, 22 or something like that and I think we consider ourselves controlled restructures, we spent about in that area every year, so I think you’re going to see about that level going forward.
Dax Vlassis – Gates Capital Management: $14 million through the P&L that…?
Nick Pinchuk: Like we spent this year, I’m not saying we’re going to spend that amount this year or less but that’s the kind of money if you go back and you look at what we’ve done in the past, it’s the kind of money we spent that’s generally what we can handle in a year, we feel pretty positive about doing it, we feel we can execute it and so those are the kinds of numbers we generally turn out. We see opportunities.
Dax Vlassis – Gates Capital Management: If that’s an annual number why is it restructuring non returning nature, I mean will that be part operations or is there some programs that would have a specific end date and it’s just not in 2011?
Aldo Pagliari: It really will be just more program specific, restructuring definitions and accounting terminology and if it’s a specific and unique program as compared to the prior year it’s categorized by that. So I think what Nick is saying is we still see opportunities to improve ourselves, we’re going to continue to look for those opportunities and we’ll invest accordingly if we see a return on those projects.
Dax Vlassis – Gates Capital Management: Okay, I appreciate it.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Next, we’ll go to Alex Guestio [ph], Barrington Research.
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: Hi Nick, hi Aldo, hi Leslie, how are you guys?
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning.
Aldo Pagliari: Good morning.
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: Most of my questions were answered. Just concerning the franchisees, how many were in the – how many did you have in the quarter and do you see…?
Nick Pinchuk: I couldn’t quite hear you Alec could you say that again?
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: I’m sorry. How many franchisee did you have in the quarter?
Nick Pinchuk: I think the number advance is about 3464 in the U.S.
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: In the U.S.?
Nick Pinchuk: That’s the number we usually quote. I think there is, I don’t know the actual international number, but…
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: Is that up quarter-to-quarter and as of last year?
Nick Pinchuk: 4800 (inaudible).
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: Is that up?
Nick Pinchuk: No, it’s about, it’s up, it’s about flat.
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: Any ideas of that moving up in fiscal ’11?
Nick Pinchuk: We have some open routes that we could fill and our structural, as we get more efficient, the structural nature open routes can get filled. I think we found that we want to be very selective as who we put in the trucks and it served us very well, going forward. And so that’s really the idea that has dominated the last four or five quarters, that doesn’t mean we won’t increase in the future, but…
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: So you haven’t had the purge as much because of such a higher standard?
Nick Pinchuk: Right, right. If you actually got here and you looked at all the real detail our inter mortality is one way down, which has made all the difference for us in terms of terminations. So that’s been a very big positive as you might imagine. So I would say that you would be entitled to believe that over the last say two or three years, we’ve learned a lot how to manage the franchise systems with lower cost associated with turbulence in the franchisees. And we paid lot of attention to their profitability as well. So we boosted their profits on an average basis and then paid attention whose going in there and that all works pretty well. Actually, it’s one of the things I just want to say little bit more, it’s one of the great advantages for Snap-on because when you have so many franchisees you may have the big portion of the 3500 people in the United States were capable of running these franchisees, it’s kind of a barrier to entry and a tactical advantage that’s hard to duplicate and hard to deal with some of our competitors.
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: What was the growth in tools for international was it 6.7 Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: 6.7% was the growth outside United States in the quarter.
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: I think you guys mentioned before, it’s pretty difficult to implement van strategy into India or China, is that correct?
Nick Pinchuk: No, no, of course. Actually – generally, it is difficult because the van strategy flourishes best when technicians own their own tools. India and China, the technicians do not own the tools, the shops own them. So we use direct and distributors to manage our distribution in that place. Just an aside for the international businesses, remember that if you look back to last year, when we were in the recessions, the international tools businesses did not go down, the international van channels did not sink as much as other U.S. businesses so the comparisons were much tougher for those, U.K. and Australia businesses.
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: You mentioned critical areas, was there any particular areas that was more – grew outstanding in the quarter or was it just across the board?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, actually we grew it ever one of those areas in the quarter and we’re quite please with them. But I would say if you ask me that question, the broad category of natural resources seems to be the strongest things like mining and, oil and gas, and we’d put power generation in natural resources. So we felt that to be a pleasing trend.
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: I know you mentioned that Europe represented like 26% of revenue?
Nick Pinchuk: 26%.
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: Would you be able to say how much it’s like Southern Europe in that 26%?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I can say that our Spanish, I’ll say this, I know the Spanish number. Our Spanish number is between 20% and 25% of our European business. We acquired business in Spain several years ago, one of our major acquisition. So we have a fairly large share of the Spanish market.
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: Is there any – are you guys looking any small tuck-in acquisitions, is that, does that make any amount of sense strategically right now?
Nick Pinchuk: Say that again, please?
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: Any like tuck-in acquisitions?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I mean well, our view on acquisitions is this is that, the Snap-on umbrella is – we use to think ourselves as somebody who sold hand tools through vans to auto mechanics but when you step back at it, the real Snap-on proposition is making work easier for professionals who operate in critical industries. That’s a fairly wide but yet coherent space where the whole Snap-on proposition works powerfully. And so we are looking at acquisitions in those areas, we’re receptive to acquisitions that would, in emerging markets, an acquisition that would put us in a better position to serve repair shop owners and managers. We made once several year of our (inaudible) or anybody anything that would further and give us greater weight in critical industries in alternative manner in places like natural resources or aerospace and so on. So we’re alert to those and we’re reviewing them. I don’t – I – yes?
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: What about and I know you’re gaining ground in the heavy, medium truck is that where acquisition would help or is that more of a organic.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I don’t see us, I don’t necessarily see us – looking at that for an acquisition, I think we have quite a bit of capability right inside Snap-on to fully mine that position. When people always ask me what are we going to do with our cash, well I think we have quite a bit of capability, quite a bit of runway enrolling the Snap-on brand out of the garage in – its building an emerging mark, on expanding with repair shop owners and managers. Remember, that’s the different, that’s the different customer base than technicians. So we’re investing in organic growth there, but we’re looking for acquisitions. I’m not sure heavy truck would be a, is a clear opportunity, but that doesn’t mean I would disqualify if a great property came in – was available.
Alex Guestio – Barrington Research: All right. Thanks for answering my question.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure thank you.
Operator: Our final question today is the follow up from Jim Lucas.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes Jim.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:
, :
Aldo Pagliari: It remains about the same Jim.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: And any thoughts or color you could share on the ramp of material inflation we’re seeing in particular lot of press these days about the rising steel prices. Can you just kind of give us an update of where you stand in terms of pricing, it would offset this rising inflation.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, we had some pricing in the quarter. We’re seeing some mild inflation. Remember, we don’t buy any particular one quantity. I think we said in the past that to the extent the inflation is quite visible that if steel prices go up to clearly or oil price is spiked dramatically and stay up like gasoline prices are up and things like that. We can price for that, we think we can find to offset, so we can find offsets for those – for that pressure. If you go back, I think the last time we saw spikes in 2008, I think gasoline was like $4 a gallon and so, in 2008. Oil went from 80 to 140 that was one of our best years. So I don’t think we’re trembling over commodity inflation, I’m not to say it isn’t a challenge but in history we’ve been able to find ways to offset it.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: And just from clarifications standpoint. When do you normally put your, if I remember correctly, it’s usually an annual price increase you put through and then to your response of being able to pass through when inflation is visible, is there a normal lag from when you realize that price?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, first of all, across the range of businesses, there is no particular period I can say that we put in pricing. I mean the tools group is different than SNA Europe and that’s different than Asia and so on. You can say I think that there is a kind of maybe quarter lag and this kind of thing, we’ll see a two to three month lag and when we put in pricing and see it come out in marketplace.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Great, thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: All right, thank you.
Operator: And at this time there are no further questions, I’ll turn the conference back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks everyone, this is Leslie. We thank you for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available on snapon.com shortly. And as always, we appreciate your interest on Snap-on. Have a good day. Bye.
Operator: And once again that does conclude today’s conference, thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Nick Pinchuk - Chief Executive Officer  Aldo Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer Leslie Kratcoski – Investor Relations 
Analysts :  Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research David Leiker – Robert W. Baird Gary Prestopino – Barrington Research  
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2010 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of our remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Leslie Kratcoski, please go ahead.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks Evelyn and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review Snap-on's third quarter 2010 results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will lead off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on the Investor Relations portion of our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk, Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks Leslie. Good morning everyone. Well, Snap-on had another quarter of improved year-over-year performance and on top of that we saw some favorable market signal, so it’s very encouraging. We believe there is now clear evidence of a building Snap-on strength in the recovering market. Overall, our organic sales were up 13.4%, solid by any measure, and that’s after being up 9.5% in the second quarter and 4% in the first quarter. Needless to say, we like that trend. Operating income rose 72% from last year with financial services contributing profitability as projected improving its performance as it brings the loan portfolio on to Snap-on’s books. The operating company ally without financial services increased by a strong 46%, so again overall we are encouraged by the strength of the quarter, and that result was in the face of an unfavorable swing in LIFO. We would say our runways for growth are clearing and our Snap-on value creation processes around safety, quality, customer connection, innovation, Rapid Continuous Improvement or RCI, they continue to drive progress. So, having said that let me give you a bit of color, and my perspective on the trends we see.
 : Now, the third quarter is seasonally are most challenging. It can be quite variable. So, it’s some times difficult to draw extended conclusions from the results, but having said that Snap-on’s quarter was robust completely overcoming the typical season low. We often talk about big ticket items, higher-price products that either have longer paybacks like diagnostics or under-car equipment, or a more discretionary like tool storage units. Activity here is usually a barometer of our customers’ overall financial health and of their confidence.  You recall that during the downturn last year we saw quite a bit of variation from period to period in big ticket purchases, but with these results we’ve now put together three quarters in a row of year-over-year increases in all three big ticket categories. They are all back now to pre-downturn levels. In the tools group, both diagnostics and tool storage units showed significant gains. A real help in this was our new diagnostics handheld unit called them VERDICT. It was launched at our annual franchisee conference in August and it got great reviews. It’s a fully functional unit that we believe set a new industry standard with features like detachable wireless touch screen display, remote use from anywhere in the garage, Wi-Fi internet capability and access for Snap-on’s unique repair information and database. The VERDICT is clearly an innovation. It provides real productivity to technicians and as you would expect the reception has been very strong. Beyond the vans, our equipment division, part of the Repair Systems and Information or RS&I group showed strong year-over-year gains in particular and its big ticket under-car products that’s what equipment sales. It achieved gains in both North America and Europe well ahead of our company’s overall sales increase. In fact equivalent lines were even slightly ahead of the second quarter, and third quarter sequential increases is very rare for this business, because a large presence in Europe and the associated seasonality usually make July through September a tough period. So, this quarter’s increase, sequentially increase in equipment sales was a big win. From a geographical standpoint, there hasn’t been much change in the regional market landscape. North America showed gains that were a bit better than those recorded worldwide. Europe’s recovery is generally a little weaker, we were however up double-digits, though the story there continues to vary region-by-region. In the south, especially Spain there still hadn’t been much improved. Spain is important for us because that’s in our European big hand tools business has an exceptionally strong presence. On the other hand, the North is decidedly more positive. Sales in markets like Germany, Sweden and Finland all grew strongly, so Europe is still mixed, but for us up double-digits overall. With the respect of emerging markets, the places where we’ve made investments and are focused on expansion like Eastern Europe we saw a strong growth in Russia again in the quarter up nearly 50% and Asia-Pacific continued its steep growth curve significantly higher than our overall increase with India and China both setting the pace. China continues to sell out all the bandsaw’s it can produce and the Indian sales team is now gaining real traction in the under-car equipment market. So that’s some perspective on the global environment, a varied landscape, but increasing almost everywhere. Now for some highlights on the operating segment. Commercial and Industrial or C&I saw volumes up about $45 million that’s more than a 21% increase, operating earnings rose $21 million with those increased volumes and strong RCI results driving in the improvement. RCI results in the quarter are dramatic testimony to the ongoing power of our Snap-on value creation processes. They’ve contributed greatly to our progress so far and we are confident there is still much more opportunity to go. We’ve often spoke about the runway in critical industries where the tasks absolutely need to be accomplished without sales. Well, recently we had graphic evidence of such a situation, many watched the dramatic rescue of the miners in Chile as it was broadcast around the globe, it was a great story and you could clearly see SNA Europe’s BAHCO branded tools on the scene assisting in the rescue, accomplishing the critical mission on the quarter. So, our performance, but while that’s an interesting sidebar. I think I would like to talk about our performance in the industrial business. One of the real positives for the company this past quarter, near record sales trailing only the fourth quarter of 2008 in volumes, a really strong quarter. Our industrial business was up 34% and that gain was across the globe and that was without much restocking. We believe that is evidence of our success in moving the Snap-on brand out of the vehicle garage and into critical industries everywhere. Look it’s clear, that overall economic activity is not at pre-crisis levels, but we still achieved a near record quarter in this space, it shows we are making significant gain in the strategic area. I have also mentioned in the past, that we are expanding our product offering aimed specifically at critical industries, like power generation, mining and aerospace, it's paying off. Along those lines innovations play the big part of Snap-on history and that tradition continues today. Just this past quarter, we launched our new Automated Tool Control or ATC tool storage product aims squarely at the aerospace sector. We’ve taken our sophisticated digital imaging technology, which is a huge competitive advantage for us in car aligners and transform tool storage boxes into hi-tech assets, compared with the keyless entry system that laser technology scans the tool door, it knows who checked out and who returned every tool, every time. It's important to know where your tools are when you are working on jet engines, ATC accomplishes that task like no other product and it’s a great system and we’ve started to see our first sales in the quarter. The ATC technology is only one example of leveraging Snap-on’s breadths and depths to drive the company’s presence in critical industry. We are collaborating widely across business operations to maximize opportunities by applying our existing advantages in one sector to develop opportunities in others. For critical industries, such as power generation and aerospace, military, and mining and many other we are well positioned to modify our core product and technologies to meet the unique requirement, the third quarter is more evidenced that it's working.  A good portion of our effort in emerging markets gets reflected in C&I, so I will talk about that now, I touched on the strong increases earlier and that growth only comes with expanded physicals presence in products, and we are aggressively building both in those market. In Asia we are increasing manufacturing capabilities, both in Zhejiang and in Xiaoshan were our Wanda acquisition is based and we recently launched our Asian Handheld Diagnostics Unit, it’s our first specifically tailored for the region and there is more in the pipeline. In Eastern Europe, last year we build a plant in Belarus, just this past month we have the official inauguration that included government dignitaries and broad TV coverage. It was great exposure for the innovated technologies we’re bringing to the region, and it’s just a type of presences and reorganization that helps in building a distribution network, creating a foothold and in generating the strong sales increase we’ve seen in this quarter in Eastern Europe, that’s C&I. Let’s move to the tools group, we’ve seen a return to pre-downturn sales levels, overall volumes up nearly 11% in the US better at nearly 13%. OI margin is same as last year after adjusting for a $4 million negative LIFO swing. These results reflect our balanced approached to maintain the strength of our powerful franchise system. We’ve invested significantly in training and product support to keep our network robust. In that way in August we held our annual Snap-on franchisees conference. It’s annual, but this one was special, it served as the highlight of our 90th Anniversary celebration, we’ve been in business for nine decade and it was a significant success, record attendances, more product, more trading seminaries, and a business and profit center aimed specifically at helping our franchisee to improve their business efficiencies. That was really popular. The mood of the conference was very positive, I can tell you. The franchisees are up beat about their prospects. They enthusiastically embrace Snap-on’s cohered focus on making work easier for professionals who perform critical task and because they know our whole organization is behind that mission across the globe in all of our division. They believe strongly in their future with our company. We’ve spoken in the past about the Snap-on stimulus program. Well the best stimulus we can provide is great product. So, we’re encouraged that we were recently recognized for just that. Snap-on was named the overall best brand in six tool categories of tools by Frost & Sullivan’s in the 2010 survey of technician.  Snap-on carried the number one ranking by wide margins, for example in hand tools 70% of the technicians preferred the Snap-on brand. The nearest competitor had an 8% share, and diagnostics in winning margin was 46 to 9 and the numbers for tool storage was 63% Snap-on the highest other brand 8%. Our products were also recognized in the quarter by professional tool and equipment news, the Snap-on low profile ratchets in the Quadriga tire changers were both recognized by that publication for outstanding innovations in vehicle repair. Now this awarded special, because it was based on the opinion of professional users, the people that gained productivity by actually using Snap-on. So, that says a lot.  I already mentioned the recovery in big ticket items. Many of those sales are through our vans, on credit and that credit has been available without disruptions throughout the inauguration of Snap-on Credit. Our financial service business is performing as we predicted, becoming increasingly profitable as the loan portfolio moves on to our books and that successful inauguration of Snap- on Credit has had a significant hand in supporting the sales and growth. Now for some discussion of the RS&I group; sales up about 10% or $19 million excluding currency, OI up 11.2%. I already mentioned the equipment division’s big ticket sales gains in both North America and Europe. The strong increases of equipment are a big part of our RS&I progress. You remember that RS&I portfolio is where we have our exposure to the North American OEMs and their contraction of the dealerships.  So, Snap-on business solutions does continue to be impacted by that disruption. We did, however, in the quarter, achieved more offsets with an increasing activity and OEM essential tools and diagnostics programs. We’re also gaining a heavy duty diagnostics products, supplying trucks, supplying to truck shop owners in a greater volumes than ever before. And you’ll probably remember that RS&I focuses on vehicle shop repair owners and managers, we’re expanding in that space and you can see it in this group’s numbers. Our Diagnostics and Mitchell1 divisions already strong in the independent repair shop continue to better the positions. In addition, for the successful new VERDICT handheld I mentioned earlier, Mitchell1 released a new version of a shop management software with significant success. We’ve made investments in this area and it’s paying off. Well, that gives you a little color on the quarter. Significant sales increases, encouraging profitability, strengthening strategic position and ample runways for further growth. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Aldo for the financial review.
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks Nick. Our consolidated operating result is summarized on the slide 6. Net sales for the third quarter of $653 million increased 12.3% year-over-year. Excluding currency translation, sales increased 13.4%. As Nick mentioned, the primary drivers behind the $71 million year-over-year sales increase include significantly higher sales to customers in critical industries in emerging markets, as well as double-digit increases in worldwide equipment and sales to franchisees in the United States. Consolidated gross profit of $301 million increased $40.7 year-over-year driven by higher sales, improved manufacturing utilization and savings from ongoing rapid continues improvement or RCI initiatives and restructuring actions. Foreign currency benefited gross profit by $2.7 million while lower year-over-year restructuring cost contributed another $2 million. The overall benefits from improved manufacturing utilization, RCI currency and lower restructuring were partially offset by $4.1 million of higher year-over-year LIFO-related inventory expense. As a result of these factors, consolidated gross margin improved 130 basis points a 46.1% as compared to 44.8% last year. Operating expenses in the quarter increased $15.9 million from 2009 levels, primarily due to higher volume-related and other expenses including higher cost as a result of increased participation at our 2010 Annual Franchisee Conference. Year-over-year operating expenses also included $4.1 million of higher U.S. pension expense largely due to lower the projected asset returns in previous years. These increases were partially offset by lower bad debt expense, favorable currency translation and savings from ongoing RCI and restructuring initiatives. As a percent of sales, operating expenses of 34% in the quarter improved to 150 basis points from 35.5% last year. Operating earnings of $78.8 million before financial services improved $24.8 million, which is a 45.9% year-over-year increase on 12.3% of higher sales. Including financial services, operating earnings increased $35.1 million or 72.1% over 2009 levels. As a percentage of total revenues, operating earnings increased 420 basis points from 8.3% last year to 12.5% this year. Financial services operating earnings of $5 million in the quarter improved $10.3 million for the third quarter 2009 loss of $5.3 million. On a sequential basis, financial services operating earnings improved $3.3 million from second quarter 2010 levels. As expected operating income from financial services, which is before interest expense continues to improve as the on-book finance portfolio grows. The third quarter effective income tax rates were 34.4% in 2010 and 29.3% last year. The lower rate in 2009 reflects the favorable resolution of certain tax matters as well as the favorable mix of foreign earnings. Finally, third quarter net earnings of $46.5 million increased $21.1 million or 83% from the $25.4 million earned last year. Let’s now turn to our segment results. Beginning with the Commercial and Industrial or C&I group on slide 7, segment sales of $261 million improved 19.5% from prior year levels. Excluding the impact of currency translation organic sales increased 21.2%. The year-over-year sales increase was again driven by higher sales across all operating units with particularly strong increases in those businesses serving customers in critical industries and emerging markets. Gross profit in the C&I segment of $96.2 million increased $25.9 million or 36.8% from 2009 levels. This increase is primarily due to higher sales and $3.5 million of savings from on going RCI and restructuring initiatives. The gross profit comparison also benefited from improved manufacturing utilization, primarily in Europe, as a result of increasing production levels. For the quarter, gross margin of 36.8% improved 460 basis points from 32.2% last year. Operating expenses in the quarter of $65.6 million increased $4.8 million from 2009 levels, primarily due to higher volume related and other expenses, and increased restructuring cost. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses improved by 280 basis points year-over-year. Operating margin in the C&I segment of 11.7% in the third quarter of 2010 improved 740 basis points from 4.3% last year. Turning now to slide 8, on a worldwide basis, third quarter sales in the Snap-on tools group of $259 million increased 10.8% from 2009 levels, including a 12.8% increase in United States. Gross profit in the Snap-on tools group of a $108 million in the quarter increased $3.4 million from 2009 levels primarily due to higher sales in favorable currency effects. The year-over-year gross profit comparison was also impacted by higher costs associated with increased franchisee product related programs and by $4.1 million of higher LIFO-related expense. LIFO-related expense was $600,000 in the third quarter of 2010. Last year, as a result of lower production in inventory reduction efforts, the LIFO-related benefit was $3.5 million. As a percentage of sales, gross margin in the quarter was 41.6% as compared to 44.7% last year. Third quarter operating expenses of $79.5 million in the Snap-on tools group increased $4.7 million from 2009. This is primarily due to higher volume related and other expenses as a result of increased participation at this year’s annual Snap-on Franchisee Conference, which focused primarily on the development and profitability of the franchise network. In the quarter, we also incurred higher cost associated with the development of a new and expanded product catalog that was deferred from 2009 to 2010. We view these increased cost as longer-term investments in our business. As a percentage of sales, operating expense from the quarter improve to 140 basis points, from 32.1% last year to 30.7% this year. Third quarter operating income for the Snap-on tools segment was $28.2 million or 10.9%of sales compared to $29.5 million or 12.6% of sales last year. After adjusting for LIFO on both years, operating income in the quarter increased $2.8 million or 10.8% year-over-year and as a percentage of sales was 11.1% in both years.  Turning to slide 9; in the Repair Systems and Information or RS&I segment. Third quarter sales of $207 million were up 8.1% from 2009 levels. Excluding currency, organic sales were up 10.1%, primarily due to higher worldwide sales of equipment, increased essential tools and facilitation program sales, and higher diagnostic sales and Mitchell1 information products. These increases were partially offset by the anticipated lower electronic parts catalog sales in North America, as a result of OEM dealership consolidations. Gross profit of $97.3 million in the quarter increased $11.4 million or 13.3% from 2009 levels. Primarily due to higher sales, low restructuring cost, material cost reductions and continued savings from ongoing RCI and restructuring initiatives. Gross margin in the quarter of 46.9% improve 210 basis points over 44.8% last year.  Operating expenses of $55.6 million in the quarter were essentially flat with 2009 levels as higher volume related product development and other expenses were largely offset by lower restructuring cost, favorable currency translation, savings from RCI and restructuring initiatives as well as lower bad debt expense. As a percentage of sales operating expenses improve 210 basis points year-over-year. Operating earnings of $41.7 million in the quarter increased $11.2 million or 37%. As a percentage of sales operating margins in the RS&I group improve 420 basis points from 15.9% last year to 20.1% this year.  Turning now to slide 10, financial services, operating earnings of $5 million in the quarter, compares favorably to both second quarter 2010 earnings of $1.7 million and to the third quarter 2009 loss of $5.3 million. The $10.3 million year-over-year increase and operating earnings primarily reflects the higher revenue contributions from Snap-on Credits growing on-book finance portfolio. As you know, since July of last year, we are no longer selling loan contracts to CIT and recording gains on sale, rather we are building an on-balance-sheet interest yielding portfolio. As this portfolio grows, so well our financial services operating earnings. Moving to slide 11, as of third quarter ends, our balance sheet includes gross financing receivables of $528 million from our US Snap-on Credit operation and $139 million from our international finance subsidiaries, for a total financing portfolio of $667 million. In the United States $445 million of the portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. Snap-on continues to manage the run-off portfolio of contracts owned by CIT, which totaled $317 million at third quarter end, down $67 million from second quarter levels. For the full year, we continue to expect that the on-book financing portfolio and Snap-on Credit will have grown by approximately $300 million, resulting in a year end US finance portfolio of about $565 million to $570 million. Regarding finance portfolio losses in delinquency trends, these continue to be inline with our expectations and they have improved compared to both Q1 and Q2 levels. Turning to slide 12, consolidated operating cash flow for the quarter was $10.2 million. At the end of the third quarter our cash position of $360 million declined $71 million from second quarter 2010 levels, primarily due to the funding of new loans originated by Snap-on Credit. Since second quarter end, net financing and contract receivables increased $85 million. In the quarter capital spending of $10.5 million was down from 2009 levels, primarily due to last year’s construction of a new R&D facility in Richfield, Ohio and the accelerated expansion of our manufacturing capabilities in emerging markets. As seen on slide 13, since last year end trade and other receivables increased $20.6 million and days-sales outstanding improved to 62 days. Inventories increased $50 million from 2009 year end, primarily due to higher production levels as a result of increased customer demand. On a trailing 12 month basis, inventory turns improve to 4.5 turns as compared to 4.1 turns in 2009 year end. Net debt at the end of the quarter was $571 million. Our net debt to capital ratio of 29.2% compares to 22.2% at 2009 year end. Excluding approximately $108 million of cash, currently withheld related to the previously disclosed dispute with CIT, our net debt to capital ratio as of the end of the third quarter would have been 32.9%. In addition, to $360 million of cash, we continue to maintain a $500 million revolving credit facility and $20 million of committed bank lines. Most recently on October 1, we entered into a loan and servicing agreement that allows us to secure additional borrowings up to $100 million through the pledging of Snap-on Credit finance receivables under an asset back securitization facility. This agreement provides us with additional available credit capacity and funding diversification that supplement to our existing credit agreements. As of third quarter end no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities. This concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance. Before turning the call back to Nick, I’d like to review our outlook for the balance of 2010. For the full year, we expect to incur approximately $15 million of restructuring cost and approximately $45 million for capital expenditures. We continued to expect that full year 2010 pension expense will be $16 million higher than last year. Finally, the anticipated effective income tax rate for full year 2010 will approximate 33.6%. Before opening the call for questions, Nick would like to provide some final thoughts. Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Aldo. Look, I’ll close by saying again that our performance in the quarter was quite encouraged. We believe that represent strong confirmation that Snap-on is a company with unique strengths, ongoing opportunities for improvement and extended runways for growth.  Going into the downturn, we assess the macroeconomic difficulty saying that big ticket long payback items were important. They would help to ease our recovery and they have. We said that we would invest in strategic areas that would be decisive growing forward and those efforts appear to be working well. We’ve maintained our van network; it’s more enthusiastic and more stable than when we entered the difficulties. We said that critical industries would be quarter [ph] growth. We are growing strongly in that arena. The industrial division was up 34% in the quarter. We were convinced that our technology and reputation would enable expansion with repair shop owners. Equipment in RS&I are confirming that belief. Equipment shook off the natural third quarter headwinds and grew strongly in both the US and Europe, and we said emerging markets, presented with the unique opportunity of physically provisioned, would help us grow and we are growing and gaining in those areas. Those regions are growing at deep double-digits, well ahead of even the robust GDPs. No one can predict how the environment will unfold. The economies of the world are still fragile, having said that, however. We now have three quarters of positive Snap-on momentum. The situation seems to be playing out as we expected and our strategic programs are successful. Because of all that, we are more confident than ever before that Snap-on is well positioned to take strong advantage of the future, strong advantage of the future in whatever shape it unfolds. Before taking questions, I want to end by thanking the people responsible for these encouraging results, our associates and franchisees. I know as usual, many of you are listening. These results would not have been possible without your capability and your dedication. I thank you for your support and I congratulate you on your success. Operator, now we’ll take questions.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And we’ll first go to Jim Lucas, Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Thanks, good morning all.
Nick Pinchuk:  Hello, Jim
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: I want to start with a couple of housekeeping questions. First, on the restructuring, what is the year-to-date number?
Nick Pinchuk:  Year-to-date number in restructuring is about – I think it’s like $8 million, $8.4 million or $8.5 million, something like that.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. I thought you were about half-way to the target which implies. Do you anticipate that full $15 million spend?
Nick Pinchuk:  I mean, you do the arithmetic, it says six and change in the fourth quarter, but last year, we did seven in change. So, I mean, I don’t think we think that’s an extraordinary amount.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. And with the early successes you’re having on the emerging market strategy, could you just bring us up-to-date on where you stand today from a geographical footprint, North America versus Europe versus the emerging markets?
Nick Pinchuk:  You mean the sales?
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: The sales, yes.
Nick Pinchuk:  Yes, it’s roughly this way, I think. You can say, look, North America is 65%, 66% of the business, Europe is 25% of the business, emerging markets. Asia-Pacific is 8 -- between 5% and 10% of the business and the rest is dribs and drabs, Latin America and so on.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay. And on the critical industries, glad to hear that the new vision tool box is out there and that’s a great example on the aerospace side. Can you talk a little bit about, which of the critical industries you’re having the best success in and far and is that geographically spread out or it more end market specific?
Nick Pinchuk: Actually, the success in industrial, which I think I said really success in industrial’s been across the board geographically, at least generally almost all the quarters we’ve seen, the critical industries have been pretty strong in United States, Europe and so on. This quarter was showed strong gains from aerospace to mining to natural resources. I think the strongest in this quarter was natural resources for us, but if you look back over some period, we’ve seen growth in each of those areas. But in this quarter, we saw a nice bump out of the natural resource business.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay and I know that it’s probably a little too early to be talking about 2011 at least on public environment, most companies answer this question, but clearly the third quarter was a positive surprise from the season, not having the normal impact and it does signify that those of us that have been waiting to see this sort of long time on the outside as I know it has been the same on the inside, very good to see. But as you start looking ahead, not just to the fourth quarter but 2011, can you talk about -- you talked a lot about what’s going to happen on the reward side, but from headwinds, can you talk about what you’re seeing there?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, from a headwind point of view, I can’t predict what’s going to happen in Spain. We’ve got a lot of business there. It seems to be bumping along the bottom, so I don’t know when that’s going to recover.  So, in terms of looking at where improvements going to come from, and looking from recovery, I have a question marked myself about Southern Europe.  You can talk about commodity prices, a lot is talked about in terms of commodity, we don’t see for us a major headwinds because we do get commodity prices, but as you know Jim, a lot of our products are not so much material as they are labored, so our increases are not very devastating and plus we generally comprise for recognized commodity increases, so that’s not such a problem for us.  You could say, you can take a look at critical industries and say okay, well, will the military spend as much as they have in the past, maybe they won’t, that could be a headwind that we have to offset some places. Some people are talking about restocking, but for us we see almost none.  So, the 34% we saw in the critical industries in the industrial division in third quarter had almost, and only restocking. I can tell you that we just went through our quarterly reviews here and I don’t think restocking came up at all in a week of discussion. So, we are not seeing that as a factor, so for us the headwinds are mostly around, what’s going to happen in Southern Europe, could there be some variation and some cooling in critical industries, but we don’t expect a lot. We expect that to continue reasonably good because we’ve seen it for many quarters now, and some of the traditional headwinds for some other businesses like commodities or restocking, we’re not seeing in our future.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: As then just, as a reminder with regard to that industrial business, what is the rough percentage mix of direct versus distribution there?
Nick Pinchuk: You know, I have to say that about 70-30.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay.
Aldo Pagliari:  Most of its direct. I mean, 70 being direct. So, that’s one of the reasons of course, why you don’t have a lot of people in between you and the end customer, that’s why we don’t see the restocking as much.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Great, well, congrats on a very good third quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks.
Operator: Next one is Gary Prestopino, Barrington Research.
Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research: Yeah, this is actually Steven Gregory from Mandalay Research. A couple of things Nick, this is one of the calls I always looking forward to every quarter, you’re very enthusiastic and do a great job to continued success.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks.
Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research: Couple of things, about two months ago in the Wall Street journal there was an article written, how 2011 is going to be really – critical for companies to drive more revenue online. Can you provide some color on the call today as, what is your e-commerce vision going forward and how do you plan to drive more revenue through your really good website?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think, in terms of our van business, we offered the price – in United States in the traditional tool business that you’ve for Snap-on, I don’t think you’re going to see much revenue in that business because our customers in that van business is about 35% of it, see real added from the up closing and personal delivery of the product.  So, I don’t see that happening there, now I want you to remember that we are about making work easier for professionals in critical tasks. So the online piece of our business, the online delivery does not provide as much opportunity for us, really, you may see some online delivery with some of our distributor activities and that’s more B-to-B in that situation, but that’s really where we, I’d say we limited to.  Our sticks if you will, our value is that, we sell to customers and we convince them, we sell the customers whoa are performing critical path and we convince them that they are going to see real productivity in using our solutions and our product. And that usually requires face-to-face.  Now, after you convince them you can see some kind of structural ordering, but it’s not a big factor in our business.
Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research:   So, driving people aside to buy some of your cars, battery packs and stuff like that is not rally, usually an initiative to kind of a status code really?
Nick Pinchuk: It can, but the thing is that we remember when you are talking about a guy, a van driver, he wants to get it right now, he goes out there and his big value is that when he’s talking to the technician and technician say I need it now and we’ve got it right there boom, its off the truck and he has it now. He doesn’t have to wait for delivery.
Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research: Hopefully, on your website, whom are you targeting on your website. I guess why you didn’t have it up, wasn’t it or is there specific…?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, our websites are targeting people who want the order that way, but it’s most around trying to create brand awareness.
Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research: Okay, do you any revenue methods that how much your revenue …?
Nick Pinchuk: It’s a very small percentage of our business.
Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research: Very small.
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t have any metrics.
Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research: Are you guys building Mobile Apps for your – any sight at all? 
Nick Pinchuk: You’ve being a little garbled. I didn't hear that, could you say it again please?
Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research: Companies obviously are looking to mobile or social media, are you guys doing anything for mobile or social media to gather more attention in the community, get people more to your site, whether they purchase or not, but to get people more involved with your site? Are you building any Mobile Apps for the iPhone or anything? 
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t know, I don’t think [Multiple Speaker].
Aldo Pagliari: We do use some of those features, but they are oriented towards our franchisees. Our effort is to increase the productivity of the franchisees and not so much for the end user technicians.  So, all those you were describing are an excellent tool from an RCI perspective. We also used the web for supplier based activity, but when it comes to end user purchases it’s not the preferred means is to how they conduct the trade.
Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research: Okay.
Nick Pinchuk: One of these, we talked about in terms of productivity for our van and that’s, we’ve identified that as one of our best opportunities is continuous improvement of their computer systems or their IT systems. And in fact we are rolling out a new system in Canada, as we speak and that will be spread out throughout the United States, okay?
Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research: And final question, going forward, for 2011 and beyond. Where would you like to see the company head, if you could picture a perfect world, not like revenue stream or profit? Where would you like to be a couple years from now?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think we have said in the call, and I said many times, we see substantial runways for growth, particularly around critical industries, around repair shop owners and managers, and in emerging markets.  We also see opportunities to grow our van business, but those are two, three places. Critical industries, repair shop owners and emerging market, and I see those businesses being a bigger part of our company. We are going to continue to pursue roll down those runways, because in the third quarter, I think is abundant evidence that those runaways are clearing for us.  Now we have said, I think that moving forward, after the recession recovers, after we recover the recession, after recession recovery goes away, we believe we can register between 4% and 6% organic growth consistently and we believe we can drive towards strong mid-teen OI margins.  And we believe that we will get that through organic growth and then also in those critical runaways we can find both on acquisition, so I see as pursuing that moving forward.
Operator: Thank you. Moving on, we hear from David Leiker, Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: Hi, good morning. How are you all?
Nick Pinchuk: David.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: I just want to follow-up on a couple of things, here. The organic growth number here is 13%. You answered one of my questions, how much you think there's restocking there. But how much do you think is pent up demand is part of that as opposed to the market growing or market share gains?
Nick Pinchuk: It’s always a tough question, but look I’ll say this, it’s pretty clear, we’re growing market share with van. It’s pretty clear, it’s clear that we are growing share in industrial with critical industries, 34% is gaining buster’s number.  I can’t tell you how much but we are seeing that expansion. And it’s on top of, if you go back previous session, we were growing strong, double-digit in a moderate economy in that areas, so I think this is just extension of that. Of course we are growing share in emerging markets, and I think one of the places where our people on the ground say we are expanding, is in Europe. Europe was up double-digits even though is in fact to ’08 levels, everybody, a lot of people are saying they are up in Europe, but what we see in Europe is the customers aren’t going way, but the smaller player seem to be contracting. So, our people on the ground in Europe say we are gaining share even there. I can’t part between, I can’t tell you which part of that is, is market share –it’s share increase and return, but if you look at things like, if you look at places like equipment and the critical industries, equipments up strong double-digits almost 20%, over 20% critical industries are up 30%. You see Europe up double-digit, I think if you look at the economies there locally you are not going to see anything like that number, you have to conclude we are gaining shares in those areas of the significant amount.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: On a longer term basis, you said you’ve got organic growth of 4% to 6% and your running 13%. You get to that normalized rate, do you think that's two quarters out, four quarters out, how would you characterize the progression to that number? 
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I would simple say this, it think if you look at this we are going to keep growing at strong double-digits in Asia-Pacific. We’re going, I think we’re backed the pre-prices levels in the van business, so I don’t know what should expect. We are back the pre-crisis levels.  We are starting to get the pre-crisis levels in our critical industries, were by the way we are growing at double-digit and Europe is the wildcard David, because I don’t, I can predict how that’s going to come back, that’s got a long way to come back to 2008. I really can’t say were we’re going to get back the stabilize numbers.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: And then on the critical industry side, where would you say you are in your game plan in terms of penetrating those end markets of having a presence and a product for those markets? Do you think it's pretty much where you want and now it's like a share opportunity or do you think there's still some market opportunities there?
Nick Pinchuk: Can you say that again, I am getting, I’m must have some bad connection, because I didn’t get, did you say about emerging markets?
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: No, in the critical industries, where you think you are in terms of penetrating that in terms of having that right product in the right markets presences versus still having opportunities to broaden your exposure on this?
Nick Pinchuk:  Yes, okay. Based on where we started, based on the opportunity that I see, based on the, I think, the incidence of people coming to me with both product and customer opportunities, it’s the end game of a 10, I would we’re at 2.5.
David Leiker – Robert W Baird: Okay. And the last item on that is who do you think you’re gaining share from in those critical industries?
Nick Pinchuk:  Well, I think there’s a number of people, I mean, there’s a number of people. Certainly we have our big competitors like Armstrong and Proto in the United States. In Europe, you have Gador, you have Sanville you have Usag and those are the broad tool manufactures and then you have some specific people that do like pliers and other things, of smaller products like Nepex in Europe. So I’d say we’re gaining from a collective group. We can’t offer a wider range of products than anybody else David. So, when we sell a kit to an aerospace company or we sell a kit to the military, we’re usually displacing a number of different competitors.  When we sell to Shanghai Airlines, we maybe replacing a German competitor or Japanese competitor and a Chinese competitor at the same time. So it’s a mix.
David Leiker – Robert W Baird: Okay. Thank you very much, and have a great quarter.
Nick Pinchuk:  Sure. Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We’ll now move to David Manger, Morningstar.
Nick Pinchuk: Hello.
Leslie Kratcoski: We go to the next person in the queue please.
Operator:  Thank you. We’ll next move to Gary Prestopino, Barrington Research .
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research:  Hi, good morning.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi, Gary.
Gary Prestopino – Barrington Research: Can you hear me?
Nick Pinchuk:  Yes.
Gary Prestopino – Barrington Research:  Hey Aldo, I try to ask a question before I got cut-off. What did you say was the goal with the portfolio by the end of Q4? Did you give a number there?
Aldo Pagliari:  I did actually. I mean, we said, consistently we expected from the beginning of this year to add about $300 million for the overall portfolio. So, if you do the mathematics, we should end up at about $565 million to $570 million by year end is our projection for the Snap-on Credit portfolio.
Gary Prestopino – Barrington Research:  That’s US, right?
Aldo Pagliari:  That’s correct.
Gary Prestopino – Barrington Research:  Okay. Alright, and then the ultimate goal with the overall portfolio to get it, or maybe I’m wrong, is the US ultimate goal to get to about 700?
Nick Pinchuk: I think more closely Gary to about $750 million or so. Historically if you look at the combined portfolio they exceed over $800 million in the half or sometime. As I’ve said before in our investor meeting, is that we probably do a little bit less van leasing going forward, there are other sources of funding for our credit strategies on that dimension on a very competitive, we have no problem with them using those. But we look at our extended credit portfolio and our leasing of equipment portfolio with that in there, I think we see of about 750ish and again internationally, again we expect at least $130 million and we look to the future to see if this opportunity to grow that, but I’d like to at a combined portfolio of about $900 million, $880, $900 million right now in the terms of a future state.
Gary Prestopino – Barrington Research: Okay. And then in terms of some of these growth markets like critical industries and the emerging markets, could you maybe size each of these markets on a worldwide basis as you see it? And then maybe give us some idea of what the revenues are in each of these markets currently?
Nick Pinchuk: Well. Sure, I think I’ve said, it’s very difficult to size the market state for critical industries because it’s so vertical and there are so many different aspects of it and what products do you include in it. But I would say for example that, we’ve said that, that business has the clear potential to be as big as our tools group, that business alone and today that business is somewhere between lets say $350 million to $400 million. But, we think that’s relative to where we are now that’s quite unbounded. And emerging markets its anybody guess, but Gary they are going to sell more cars in China this year than United States and I think that place out in terms of airframe and then full other things in power plants and so on.  And so when you see our opportunities there and realizing that the repair market hasn’t started yet, because there is 300 million vehicles on the road and there are 45% over 10 years old now and in China even though they’re pound in a lot of vehicles into the park right now. There is still only 15 million on the road and they are all new, you can see the China market alone being as big as in the US market and therefore being kind of the size of the van business again. Again there are various difficult - -
Gary Prestopino – Barrington Research: Emerging markets, I mean you kind of gave a range of 5% to 10% of revenues?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes.
Gary Prestopino – Barrington Research: That we are .. 
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. That’s were we are today, yep.
Gary Prestopino – Barrington Research: So if you dial back a year or two years ago where were you was as a percentage of revenues?
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t know that number, but it’s been growing dramatically, on a small base. So I really don’t have that, it was quite a bit small, I have just said that, I think you and I have spoken about this is that, if you go back to 2004 let’s say are those kind of years we hardly sold anything in Asia, we got ten people in two offices, so it’s really - -
Gary Prestopino – Barrington Research: So is your main competition and say place like China is that like a domestic manufacture - -
Nick Pinchuk: It depends on the industry if you tend to, it depends on the particular product in the industry, but let’s say for example, it can be some times there can be imported product for or some times for lets say Shanghai Airlines, your competition will be imported, but for let say the Volkswagen OVM dealership, it will be primarily local.  And it’s a galaxy of competitors, the thing about China and India and all emerging markets, they’re generally fragmented, that’s why we like the opportunity actually.
Gary Prestopino – Barrington Research: Thank you.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure
Operator: And at this time there are no further questions. I’d like to turn the conference back to Leslie Kratcoski for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie Kratcoski: I’d just like to say, we appreciate you interest in Snap-on. A reply of the call will be available on snapon.com and we thank you for joining us today.
Operator: And that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie Kratcoski - VP, IR Nick Pinchuk - Chairman, President and CEO Aldo Pagliari - CFO
Analysts: David Leiker - Robert W. Baird Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research
Operator: Welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2010 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of our remarks, we will conduct a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Leslie Kratcoski, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks Holly and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's second quarter 2010 results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer. Nick will lead off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your questions. As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on the Investor Relations portion of our website, next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today's call. As noted in today's earnings release and as previously communicated, we recently realigned our management organization in an effort to better support the products and service needs of our primary customer segment. As a result of this realignment our reportable business segment now include the Commercial & Industrial or C&I Group, Snap-on Tools Group, Repair Systems & Information or RS&I and Financial Services. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I'd now turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk, Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks Leslie. Good morning everyone. I think it's fair to say that the second quarter results provide some significant evidence that our strategies are working. We continue to make tangible gains in markets that are mixed, still tough, but improving. In this environment we remain committed to the Snap-on value creation process. They form a powerful framework for both capturing those opportunities and for achieving cost and flexibility improvement and we continued to make progress in the four and key strategic initiatives that we believe would be decisive for us going forward; enhancing the franchise network, expanding our presence in vehicle repair facilities, extending out of the garage and into critical industries, and building and emerging markets. In each of those areas we are encouraged by the progress that's evident in our second quarter. The organic sales in the quarter were up nearly 10%, about $57 million from last year and operating earnings before financial services were up more than $25 million or 47% over last year's level. The resulting operating margin was 12.2%, that's up 310 basis points from 2009. Encouraging progress was the Snap-on value creation processes, processes like safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement have driven to reality. As usual, Aldo will take you through the financials in detail but first I will give you our perspective on the markets and cover some of the operating highlights. Last quarter, I characterized the markets as, I think I said stabilized, favorably inclined but not rebounding. Since then, we haven't seen any exceptional economic acceleration. However, I will say that overall nothing has led us to be less positive. So certainly, we now have one more quarter of stability and we actually see some pockets are further strengthening. So we are a bit more encouraged, but we remain cautious. It's clear that the recovery is fragile. Let me provide you a little bit more color on the sales front. In addition to the 9.6% of year-over-year organic sales increase, volume was also up about 6% sequentially from the first quarter. For us overall, there is not much seasonality except in the third quarter when summer vacations and shutdowns primarily in Europe can make volume hard to predict. So the 6% sequential increase in the second quarter was fairly strong compared to what normally is relatively flat for a second quarter progression. In fact, it was the strongest second quarter uptick we've seen in at least seven years. This strength was reasonably widespread with all the operating group, Commercial and Industrial tools and RS&I were up all stronger than the normal increase. In addition to those overall volumes, we've also been watching the trends and what we've been calling big ticket items, large dollar products like diagnostics and under-car equipment that have longer payback, and tool storage units, which are more discretionary purchases. Given the capital nature, we believe activities in those products are a window on our customer's financial position and the overall confidence and we are encouraged by what we saw. Under-car equipment sales showed favorable trends in the quarter and that was true in both North America and Europe. Diagnostics and Tool storage units, which are generally sold through the van channel also showed positive sign. So, now we recorded two quarters of big ticket progress and that is a fairly strong positive because we seen quite a bit variation in these products during the downturn over the last 18 months. If we dissect the sales by geography, we see an uneven landscape. In Europe sales are up from last year about in line with what see for the overall company increase. Remember however, though that Europe was hard hit, very hard hit last year. So I think we need to see a bit stronger gain in order to start feeling clearly positive about that situation. Within Europe the regional variances of the last quarter continued modest recovery in the north and central areas, weakness in the south. Spain in particular where we have fairly large position is not recovering. I think everybody is aware that Spain been among the hardest hit in the downturn, and we seen this reflected in our Spanish business. A couple of bright spots though, I'll say even better elsewhere have been under-car in Europe, under-car equipment in Europe and a even bit more rapid recovery in the East and places like Russia and Turkey, all of those were up strongly. Also in U.K., we are seeing some strength, especially in the Tools group where actually we are coming of a fairly solid 2009. That is the comparisons aren't that easy. So the gains in the U.K. are significant, a real positive. So, I'd say then that Europe is mixed. We are seeing some positive signs, but we are still some distance from a clear trend. Asia, no surprise it's outpacing the rest of the world. We are seeing solid increases there, both in emerging markets like India and even in the more established markets like Korea, building our presence in the region with both physicals and product is paying off. So, with another quarter of favorability behind us we are optimistic. However, we also still believe the recovery is gradual. It seems everyday we see and we hear mixed signals and for us, for our customers it does impact their confidence. I said frequently last year that people were eating bad news for breakfast, everybody from the paper and from the TV and I think we still have a bit of the same thing going on now only with mixed signals. So, the uncertainty remains but we would say we are moving in a positive direction. So, we will stay focused on the approach that's been successful for us; vigilance on cost, flexibility and reaching for opportunities, Snap-on value creation driving improvement, and investment in the size of initiatives for growth. Now for some highlights on each of the operating groups, Commercial and Industrial or C&I. Sales were up 22% from last year with double digit increases in all of the units. The operating margin was 9.9% also up substantially. Volume and ongoing operational improvement did the trick in that area. The industrial division especially in the US showed the strongest gain, making advances in critical industries, taking the Snap-on brand out of the garage like we said before. For example, our position in the Aerospace segment, it continues to strengthen. We are partnering with OEM aircraft manufacturers as well as Tech schools to develop and support Snap-on specific aviation certification programs. It's a great way to establish an early relationship with students who are future technicians. For us, it's an effective path in creating a lifelong professional customer and we continue to move forward with that type of partnership approach in a number of industries like wind, oil and gas, and in fact auto repair. Let's go back to the Aerospace segment. This is an area where Snap-on is uniquely positioned. The mission critical nature of the work is obvious. The quality of the Snap-on brand is required and valued and the potential for growth is abundant for us. While the industry has been depressed, there are some signs of recovery. At the Farmborough International Air Show, there has been a lot of confidence in aircraft orders were surprisingly strong. Snap-on's at that show displaying a revolutionary tool control innovations and they've been a big hit. So we like our position as the aerospace sector recovers. We are also reaching new critical industries and tailoring our lineup to support that effort. I spoke to you last quarter of the broadened product line we've been introducing for large tool application in areas and segments like mining and natural resources. In the second quarter, we saw more progress with those customers due to that expanded offering and a significant industrial sales growth is evidence of that success. We talk about innovation often at Snap-on. Our leadership in innovation and design, our focus on safety is also evident with the BAHCO brand. Last year, the BAHCO Handsaw System won the prestigious Red Dot award for European design excellence and this year the recognition continued with the product being named the winner of the Design IF award for ergonomics. That system provides ergonomically superior handles, in different sizes for left and handed users with 10 different interchangeable blades for cutting a variety of materials and it offers a patented locking system. Innovation driven by customer connection is helping SNA Europe sell even in the downturn, helping BAHCO maintain a world class brand. Asia-Pacific, as I said is continuing its upward trend. Sales were again up strongly with gains in India, China, Philippines and Korea leading the way. We've been working hard over several years in that region to establish our physical capability, more salesmen, more factory capability and capacity, more Asianized product and its being paying off. You can see it in our numbers. You can see it in the success of our new products. A great example is the new BAHCO Asianized bandsaw, a runaway seller. So much so, that we outstripped our recently established capacity and we are acting right now to double down on Kenosha's saw capacity. So Asia is a success. Moving to the Tools group, volumes increased to 7.8% in the quarter, about $19 million from last year. With the US posting a 9% gain, operating income was up $7.5 million to $33 million or 12.5% of sales. For sometime, one of our key initiatives has been to strengthen the franchisee network. I think we have clear evidence that those efforts continue to pay off. In the second quarter, our sales in the US returned to 2008 pre-recession level. Now I think it's widely agreed that the overall economy hasn't returned to same levels two years ago. So reaching that benchmark is encouraging for us. I spoken in the past about our franchisee stimulus program, aimed at supporting the network. It's been a key to our sales return and we believe that right now our franchisees are in better shape, sales strong, profits robust, cash improved. So the stimulus is working and the network is stronger. I already mentioned big ticket items and the favorable results. Those are the products that are often require finance and in that space Snap-on credit is a huge advantage. It's core contributor to the power of our franchise network. The credit company's transition into a wholly owned subsidiary of Snap-on started about a year ago and it's progressing well. In the second quarter it's now turned profitable as we said it would in several prior calls. At the end of the day though, in our business, you have to have great products to sell and we use our frequent touches with the end customer to create just that. Innovation and new products are born out of technology advantages, or often born out of technology advances, but some times it's less complicated. It comes from just knowing your customers' problems. For example, in using the 3600 franchisees and talking and visiting with customers, with automotive technicians, we found that all-in-one wire stripper, crimper and cutter pliers were designed primarily for electricians. They tend to spend more time stripping wires and you can imagine, they don't have the same space challenges as an autotech. So with that insight our engineers went to work and developed a new compact cutter and stripper tool, designed specifically for tight auto applications, It has been huge hit, not a big ticket breakthrough product that transforms a company but thousands were sold and it's great example of using customer connection to our advantage, extending Snap-on's traditional innovation. That tradition echoes favorably up and down the product line and in and out of garages all over this country and all over the world. Now, to Repair Systems and Information or the RS&I group. This was the group that was formed out of our recent reorganization, lining each new segment up with a primary customer base. The Tools group focused on auto technicians. C&I focused on professionals in critical industries and emerging markets, and RS&I, serving vehicle repair shop owners and managers. We've now organized a capture growth in each of these broad and important customer segments. Back to RS&I. Overall volumes increased 4.7% driven by the equipment division activity, driven by the equipment division's increases that I'd mentioned before. It also had some solid improvements at EQS, our facilitation and essential tools business. Those gains in those areas helped to offset Snap-on business solutions or SBS where activity continues to be down, related to consolidation in the overall OEM dealer space. Now, SBS is working to help itself. It's working to create some offsets of it's own by expanding with existing customers including internationally and with [batches] that haven't been impacted by the dealership disruption. They are also working hard to grow near adjacent market such as power sports, agricultural and construction. Speaking of OEMs and the dealers, we are seeing some improvement in that area and the OEM manufacturers' willingness to commit to essential tools and the dealers themselves are starting to make purchases. So all of this certainly drove some of RS&I's improvement and the RS&I group is growing elsewhere. We saw some solid sales increases related to our expansion in the heavy truck and fleet market. To think about it, that's a natural fit for us and we've been making investments in product both diagnostics and repair information and we are starting to get traction. So that summarizes the market and I think it provides you some perspective on our advances in the quarter. So now I'll turn from an operating perspective. So now I'll turn the call over to Aldo for a review of the financial results in detail. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on slide 6. Sales in the second quarter of $648 million increased 9.8% from second quarter 2009 levels. The primary drivers behind are the $8 million year-over-year sales increase, include tire sales in critical industries, increased sales in emerging markets, higher equipment sales and increased sales by franchisees in the US and U.K. The company also saw many improvement in its European based businesses. Consolidated gross profit of $303.8 million in the quarter increased $49.8 million year-over-year, while the gross margin improved by 380 basis points. These increases were largely due to the higher sales volumes and favorable manufacturing utilization as a result of the increasing levels of production. Savings from rapid continuous, RCI initiatives and benefits from previous restructuring actions contributed about $7 million of gross profit improvement. Foreign currency primarily transaction FX, contributed $5 million and lower year-over-year restructuring cost contributed an additional $3 million of gross profit improvement. As a result of these factors consolidated gross margin improved to 46.9% in the quarter as compared to 43.1% last year. Operating expenses in the quarter increased to $25 million from 2009 level. This was primarily due to higher volume related expenses and $14.9 million of increased performance based incentive compensation expense as a result of improved year-over-year operating performance and increased participation in the company's stock purchase programs. In addition, we incurred $3.1 million of higher pension expense, largely due to lower than projected asset return in previous years, related to the US Pension Plan. These increases in operating expenses were partially offset by $2.5 million of benefits from ongoing RCI and other cost reduction initiatives and $2.5 million of lower restructuring cost. As a percent of sales, operating expenses were 34.7% in the second quarter of 2010 as compared to 34% last year. Restructuring cost in the second quarter totaled $3.1 million as compared to $8.6 million last year. Operating earnings of $79 million before financial services improved 47% over prior year and 9.8% sales increase. Financial services' operating earnings of $1.7 million in the quarter improved sequentially from a $1.7 million loss of the first quarter of 2010 and also compares favorably with a $3.8 million loss in the fourth quarter of 2009 and $5.3 million loss in the third quarter of 2009. As previously discussed and as expected operating income from financial services, which is before interest expense is consistently improving as the on-book finance portfolio grows. Since the termination of the financial services joint venture with CIT in July of last year, our gross on-book finance portfolio has grown over $450 million to $577 million. Year-to-date this portfolio has grown about a $180 million. Turning to interest expense, higher average debt levels primarily related to the growth in our on-book finance portfolio, increased interest expense by $1.6 million year-over-year. The second quarter effective income tax rates for 31.2% in 2010 and 31.9% in 2009. The improved and lower than previously communicated effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2010 primarily benefitted from the favorable settlement of a tax audit. The second quarter 2009 rates benefitted primarily from the realization of a tax benefit in a foreign jurisdiction. Finally, net earnings of $45.3 million or $0.78 per diluted share increased from $37.4 million or $0.65 per share last year, despite $11 million or $0.19 per share of lower year-over-year net earnings from financial services. Lets now turn to our segment results, beginning with the C&I group on slide 7, segment sales of $259 million improved 22% from prior year levels. The year-over-year sales increased was driven by a higher sales across all operating units with particularly strong increases in those businesses serving customers in critical industries and emerging markets. Again this quarter, sales increases were realized in our European base tools businesses. While we still face headwinds in this region, we are encouraged that the higher year-over-year sales in the first half of the year may be evidence of some continuing stabilization in the European markets, despite the headlines of late, regarding financial market volatility in that region. Gross profit in the C&I segments of $93 million increased $27 million or $41.6%, from 2009 levels, reflecting the 22% sales increase and $5.2 million of savings from RCI, restructuring and other cost reduction initiatives. The year-over-gross profit comparison also benefitted from favorable manufacturing utilization, as a result in increasing production levels. You may recall that last year we incurred substantial cost to carry excess manufacturing capacity primarily in Europe, as a result of lower production levels and inventory reduction efforts. For the current quarter, gross margin of 35.8%, improved 500 basis points from 30.8% last year. Operating expenses in the quarter of $67 million were up slightly year-over-year as higher volume related and other expenses were partially offset [Author ID1: at Fri Jul 23 21:45:00 2010 ]by $1.4 million of more restructuring costs. As a percentage of sales, operating margin in the C&I segment improved from 1.1% in the second quarter of last year to 9.9% this year. Turning now to slide 8; on a worldwide basis, second quarter sales in the Snap-on tools group increased 9% from 2009 levels. Excluding currency translation, organic sales increased 7.8% including a 9.3% increase in the United States. Man-count in the U.S. at the end of the second quarter increased slightly compared to prior year levels. Gross profit in the Snap-on tools group of $116 million increased $14.4 million over the prior year. This increase primarily reflects contributions from higher sales and benefits from favorable manufacturing utilization as a result of increasing US production levels and $4.9 million of favorable currency effects. In the quarter, gross margin improved to 43.7%, an increase of 200 basis points over 41.7% last year. Operating expenses of $83 million in the quarter increased $6.9 million from 2009 levels primarily due to higher volume related and other expenses. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings of 12.5% in the quarter for the Snap-on tools group improved 200 basis points from 10.5% last year. Let's now turn slide 9, and the segment we now refer to as Repair Systems and Information or RS&I. As previously communicated the RS&I segment and its operations are aligned and focused on better serving customers in the worldwide vehicle service and repair marketplace, including all orders of managers of independent and OEM dealership service and repair shops. In addition to equipment products and equipment repair services, the RS&I segment included the business operations of the former Diagnostic and Information group. Second quarter sales of $206 million in the RS&I segment were up 4% from prior year levels. Excluding currency, organic sales were up 4.7%, primarily due to higher sales of equipment and increased essential tool and facilitation program sales, partially offset by anticipated lower electronic parts catalogues sales in North America, the latter a result of OEM dealership consolidations. Gross profit of $96 million in the quarter increased $8.2 million from 2009 level, primarily due to contributions from the higher sales $1.6 million of savings from ongoing RCI and restructuring initiatives and $1.1 million of lower restructuring cost. Gross margin in the quarter improved to 46.5%, an increase of 230 basis points over 44.2% last year. Operating expenses of $56 million were up 1.1 million from 2009 level, improved 50 basis point as a percent of sales. Higher compensation, volume related and product development expenses were partially offset by $1.7 million of savings from ongoing RCI and restructuring initiatives, as well as $1 million of lower bad debt expense. Operating earnings of $40 million in the RS&I group for the quarter increased $7.1 million or 21.6% on a $7.9 million or 4% sales increase. The favorable incremental operating margin is primarily due to $3.3 million of savings from ongoing RCI and restructuring initiatives and $1.8 million of lower year-over-year restructuring cost. As a percentage of sales, operating margins in the RS&I group of 19.4% improved 280 basis points from 16.6% last year. Turning to slide ten. The $1.7 million of Financial Services earnings in the second quarter compares favorably to a loss of $1.7 million in the first quarter of 2010 and loss of $3.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. Financial Services earnings in the second quarter of 2009 prior to the determination of the joint venture with CIT were $16.6 million. As you know since July 16 of last year we are no longer selling loan contracts to CIT and recording gains on sales. Rather we are building overtime an on-balance sheet interest yielding portfolio. As this portfolio grows so will our Financial Services operating earnings. Moving to slide eleven. As of the second quarter end, our balance sheet includes $451 million in gross financing receivables from our US Snap-on Credit operations and $126 million in gross financing receivables from our international finance subsidiaries for a total financing portfolio of $577 million. In the United States, $384 million of the portfolio relates to extended credit loans to technicians. Since the termination of the joint venture, Snap-on Credit continues to manage the run-off portfolio of contracts owned by CIT, which totaled $384 million at quarter end, which is down approximately $100 million from first quarter end. For the full year 2010, we continue to expect that the on-booked financing portfolio will grow by approximately $300 million. This suggests that additional growth in the Snap-on Credit US portfolio of about a $110 to $120 million over the remaining six months of this year. The net cash requirements of our international finance portfolios are substantially self funding. Portfolio loss and delinquency trends continue to be in line with our expectations, and have improved sequentially compared to Q1. Turning to slide 12, consolidated operating cash flow for the quarter was $55.5 million. At the end of the quarter our cash position of $431 million was down from approximately $472 million at first quarter end. This is driven by the net increase in finance receivables of $73 million primarily due to the funding of new loans originated by Snap-on Credit. In the quarter capital spending of $6.6 million was down from $19.5 since last year, primarily due to last year's construction of a new R&D facility and headquarters for our automotive parts and service information business in Richfield, Ohio. For the full year 2010, we expect capital expenditures will be approximately $50 million. As seen on slide 13, trade and other receivables, increased $6.9 million from 2009 year end, excluding $18.6 million of currency translation impacts, trade and other receivables increased to $11.7 million, primarily due to higher sales. Days sales outstanding for trade and other receivables of 59 days, improved from 63 days at 2009 year end. Inventories at the end of the quarter increased $21.8 million from 2009 year-end. Excluding $14.4 million of currency translation impacts, inventories increased $36.2 million primarily due to higher production levels as a result of increased customer demand. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns increased to 4.4 turns as compared to 4.1 turns in 2009 year-end. Net debt at the end of the quarter was $493 million. Our net debt to capital ratio of 28.3% compares to 22.2% in 2009 year-end. If we exclude approximately $108 million of cash, currently withheld related to the previously disclosed dispute with CIT, our net debt to capital ratio as of the end of the second quarter would have been 32.5%. In addition to $431 million of cash, we continue to maintain a $500 million revolving credit facility that does not expire until August 2012. We also have another $20 million of committed bank lines. At quarter-end, the full $520 million of borrowing capacity was available. In addition to these facilities, our current A2/P2 short-term credit rating allows us to access the commercial paper market should we choose to do so. At quarter-end, no commercial paper was outstanding. Our liquidity position and access to credit continues to remain strong. This concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance, but before turning the call back to Nick, I'd like to review our outlook for the balance of 2010. For the full year, we presently expect to incur approximately $15 million of restructuring cost, somewhat less than the previously communicated $18 million to $22 million. This reflects the more likely calendarization of program actions to improve the company's fixed cost structure. We also anticipate continuing our planned strategic investments, including expansion in emerging markets and as I mentioned earlier, for the full year 2010 we presently expect that capital expenditures will be approximately $50 million. With respect to pension, our current expectation is that 2010 full year pension expense will be $16 million higher than last year. This is down from the previously communicated estimate of $20 million due to changes in actuarial assumptions. Finally, as a result of the favorable settlement of certain tax audit in the quarter, the anticipated effective income tax rate for full year 2010 is now expected to approximate 33.7%. Before opening the call for questions, Nick will like provide some final thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk:  Thanks, Aldo. So, wrap up. We are encouraged by the quarter's results, the second straight upward movement and perhaps the beginning of another trend. Sales up almost 10%; profits up 47% versus last year; good sequential progression versus the first quarter. The OI margin at 12. 2% is fairly robust. Our Snap-on value creation process just keep generating gains. In the quarter we saw all the elements of that play book work; safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and RCI, and you can see it in the numbers. We've said consistently that throughout the downturn we would keep investing in the key areas, which we believed will be decisive in capturing growth going forward and we said as a result we would take advantage of the recovery as it occurs. The second quarter is testimony to the success of that approach, The van network is robust and back to 2008 levels. Share is growing is the garage. Our presence in critical industries is expanding and we are building a significant position in emerging markets. So looking forward we are optimistic, although cautiously so. We see the world leaning favorably in North America, mixed but positive in Europe and clearly growing in Asia. To be sure, the recovery is fragile and we are going into the third quarter, which is always difficult to predict because of the vacation period, but now we have two positive periods, so we are optimistic. We are not certain what the immediate macroeconomics will hold but we believe in the special strength of our markets. Making work easier for serious professionals performing critical tasks is valued in any situation and with Snap-on value creation and our strategic investments we continue to believe that we are very well positioned, well positioned to take advantage of any recovery, in whatever shape, over what ever timetable it occurs. I want to finish just by recognizing our franchisees and our associates. I know many of you are on the call. The successes in the quarter were only possible because of your efforts, your capability and your commitment. You have my congratulations and you have my thanks. Now we will open the call to questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from David Leiker with Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: If I think I heard you correctly you made a comment that your US tool business is back at pre-recession levels, is that correct?
Nick Pinchuk: Correct.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: I know you got a lot of different business, but is there any way you can give some us some characterization of any other pieces of your business that might be back there close to getting back to those levels?
Nick Pinchuk: The industrial business is starting to get back towards that level. Industrial business had a pretty strong quarter, and showing some pretty good growth, and so we are starting to approach back to 2008, however we weren't really satisfied with the 2008 levels, we thought we had a lot of opportunity beyond that, so that's the business. The equipment business, even though we have been showing some upward growth in it, upward trends in the equipment business, we are still somewhat below the 2008 levels and of course Europe is quiet a bit below still. The European, the SNA Europe businesses are quiet a bit below that level.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. Then, as you look across your businesses, where do you think, what are the biggest laggards, where is the weakest parts of your business right now and it sounds like most likelihood it would be auto Europe at the moment?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I might not use the word laggard but see the business that's the furthest behind in 2008, is of course our SNA Europe business. They took quite a beating over last year. They were down substantially and they are coming back. We believed in the future of that business and we still believe, we believe we were maintaining or gaining shares, we said through the years but the volume is just still quite a bit below 2008. So I'd say that has to be the place which is the weakest position. The other play, I did mention RS&I before, there are some elements of RS&I, the new Repair Systems and Information group, Mitchell1 and Diagnostics are at 2008 levels, but SBS is down because of the consolidation of the dealers, the OEM dealers in the United States and that business is working feverishly to find offsets in adjacent markets as I said in my remarks. So if I were going to take two places which are behind, I would say Snap-on business solutions in the OEM dealership business and SNA Europe.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird:  SNA Europe is predominantly driven by Spain, right?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, the North is strong and Spain and Portugal was down. I think even the North is still below 2008 levels though, David. We are definitely seeing signs of recovery in the North but Spain and Portugal are pretty flattish. If you took Spain and Portugal out of the numbers, you'd see some pretty strong growth year-over-year but we have to remember that it's off a pretty weak base there.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird: Then just one last item here. With the reorganization and kind of realigning the business model here, what has been the reaction from your workforce and your franchisees, distributors? What kind of response have you gotten from those folks?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think the franchisees, there's no reaction, and it pretty much didn't change their situation very much. I just pretty much said, we are focused on technicians. We have favorable responses from our customers particularly around the RS&I because in grouping equipment with that and now we've got a number of operations, which are truly focused on that particular customer vehicle shop owners and managers. It's a terrific customer base for us and the fact that we declared that you are a specific customer for us and we don't want to provide you products, we want to provide, we want to solve your problems. That has been received very well.
Operator: Next we'll take a question from Jim Lucas with Janney Montgomery Scott
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  First question, Nick, in your prepared remarks you were talking about seeing some pockets of recovery as well as improvement on the big ticket side, which obviously is encouraging, but could you give us a little bit of more color, maybe put some numbers behind what you are seeing first on the big ticket side, but when you refer to those pockets of recovery, is any particular geography or end market standing out more than others?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think the US is a great, the US dealer, the van channel, the mobile van channel is I think a shinning example of, maybe pocket is a little bit of a dismissive way to look at that, but the mobile van channel is a good place to talk about that. That business, like I said is up to 2008 levels and people talk about the restocking. We haven't seen any restocking there at all. So, in fact we like the cash position of our vans in that business. So I think we are very encouraged by the 9% to 10% growth in that channel itself. Now, the equipment, the big ticket items in there, it's kind of bifurcated. The smaller big ticket items, that is diagnostics and tool storage are starting to get back to 2008 levels, which we like. This is was we said all along and if you look at, I think we had the best quarters since 2008 in that business this quarter. If you look at the equipment, the other piece of the big ticket items, we are encouraged because that was in North America but we are still below 2008 levels, in low double-digits. Europe, though in equipments was a big strength for us. Europe has gotten back close to 2008 levels in the big ticket items and that was driven, I didn't talk about this in my remarks but by an extraordinary new product, which we launched in Europe the Prism aligner, this is an aligner, which allows you to package alignment into a smaller base, and as you probably can figure that the base, the garages in Europe are somewhat more compact, so the value of that aligner breaking on that market has given us some pretty good tractions., So we feel pretty good about that situations. So, I think those are couple of places, the other place in the industrial group, the businesses in critical industries like natural resources and aerospace are up in some pretty, I don't want to give you any numbers in this because we don't give numbers out, but they are up very strong and much, much higher than our average. We feel pretty good about that and as you know industrial is not a restocking situation. That's a direct sales model so restocking doesn't have much to do with that. Now we do have in our industrial business a smaller group, a smaller piece of the business, which we sell through distributors. You may remember this in United States it's a very small piece of the business and there could be restocking there, but that business was up over 50% in the quarter. So, we feel pretty robust about that situation, the whole idea of recognizing that when we roll the Snap-on brand out of the garage, the customers are open to that idea, they are open to that idea. So it seems to be working.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: All right that is very helpful. Can you spent a minute on the Tools group because that clearly is a shinning example here, a good turn but if we go back over the last decade, the revenue for that business has fairly consistently been between a $1 billion and a $1.1 billion. So we are seeing it back to the '08 levels as you said, but as you look at that business going forward, how do you get consistent growth out of that Tools group?
Nick Pinchuk: Certainly, its one of our strategic challenges that we said always but we believe that we have runways for growth in that group, one is the fact that we know that they are a number of customers who buy Snap-on tools for their workplace and then at home they use another brand, lets say a mid-tier brand, so we can sell Blue-Point. We launched the mid-tier brand to sell to them also, as much as we work to make customers for life, with educational institutions and we sell Snap-on brand to them. Some new technicians simply don't think they can afford Snap-on, they buy an alternate brand. So they can afford Snap-on, we sell a Blue-Point to them. So there is opportunity to grow in that mid-tier here. Secondly we go on about 800,000 technicians. In the United States there are 1.3 million. Fully enabled our vans call on about a 850,000 technicians. There are 1.3 million. The reason why we don't call on those others, 400,000 to 500,000 is because they are lower volume and our technicians drive by them because they don't want to spend time with them and that is a productivity issue, none of the technicians are vans driven, but that's a productivity issue. So productivity on the van will allow us to take our existing framework, our existing network and reach out to a big portion of that 1.3 million. Now it's not a one for one replacement but it's a real opportunity for us. That's why we are launching rapid continuous improvement in the vans. That's what we are doing this year. It's one of our big initiatives and I see those two things as ways to grow.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, that's helpful. Then finally, hopefully we are back to getting to some sense of normalcy despite the fragile nature of the recovery, which I think we all agree on. Could you just bring us up to-date with the realignment here as we look at the three segments? I don't want to pigeonhole into actual targets but conceptually, how do we think about the margin potential for these three segments longer term?
Nick Pinchuk: The thing is we've said that overall we would expect the target to grow in normal environment, not recessionary environment, not recovery environment, because that's all better off in that kind of situation. In a recovery, we would expect to grow faster than normal, but we'd say we'd grow 4%, 5%, 6% per year on an organic basis and then we'd expect our operating margins on an overall basis to be mid-teens and the way that lays out with the new segments is that the RS&I, I believe is at 18, 19 now, it would be over the 20 mark some place, and the Tools group and the Commercial and Industrial would start to approach the mid-teens, be slightly below the average. So that's where we see it. We feel pretty confident we can do that.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. Final question, just in terms of longer term capital allocation strategies, the Financial Services is kind of playing out as expected. Could you just bring us up to-date about how you think about an acquisition strategy longer term?
Nick Pinchuk: Our view is that we are always available. We are not a serial acquirer, but we could see ourselves acquiring properties that seem to make sense in our orb. Lots of people used to think about Snap-on and I think we thought about this as ourselves as a company that makes wrenches, sells through vans to auto mechanics and we now think of ourselves as something broader that is, a company that provides, makes work easier, productivity solutions for serious professionals, who are performing critical tasks in critical industries like aerospace and oil and gas. That's a much wider space, and any acquisition, an acquisition that would give us further presence in that broader space with customers we would be interested in doing.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay.
Nick Pinchuk: So that's where we would invest our cash because we believe that concept is a valuable concept and we believe with Snap-on value creation we can drive profitability through that and the Snap-on brand on top of it gives us legitimacy in that space. So that would be cash well spent.
Operator: (Operator Instruction) Next we'll hear from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research:  Nick, in your comments you mentioned that the big ticket items, you were encouraged by what trends were there. Could you possibly, I don't know if you want to put a number on it but Q2 is significantly better than Q1 or just really seeing a stabilization and no more deterioration?
Nick Pinchuk: No, Q2 is better than Q1. In all of those categories, I think just let me, the stage is to be clear is that for diagnostics and tool storage, primarily sold through the van channel, Q2 was the best quarter we have seen since Q2 2008.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Okay.
Nick Pinchuk: That was the best quarter in 2008. So we had a gangbuster this quarter in terms of big ticket items and actually if you remember we said this is exactly how we understood the business. We said that people who were in garages, they were buying wrenches and they kept buying wrenches through the downturn and that was it. It was big ticket that was off, because people thought that they charged, the uncertainty, the idea of not wanting to invest in those big ticket item took them away. Well, we are back to 2008, and lo and behold the vehicle of restoration has been the rise in the big ticket items. That's exactly what we been I think thinking about and trying to conjure in these calls for a long time and so that's really what happened. So we did have a good quarter in the first quarter, it was a good quarter, but this quarter was up double digits. Then in terms of equipment we are still not as I said we are still not back to 2008, we are still coming off the floor and that makes sense. So Gary as you think about it, diagnostics is the best. So the most expensive its like an [$8000] purchase, tool storage can be $5,000 to $10,000 but when you are talking about some of that equipment that under-car equipment it can be up $20,000, and it's much more of a capital type equipment. So therefore the whole idea of the uncertainty around the recession becomes more dampening in that area and that's what we are seeing. So we are seeing progress, but it just isn't as fast and it hasn't snapped back to before 2008 levels. In fact it went deeper than diagnostics and tool storage. The one thing I did say though was that, what we are really pleased with is the effect of that new Prism product in Europe, which really gave us some boost in equipment.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Then do you feel that, you mentioned and also in your prepared comments a lot of the gross margin improvement was due to higher sales volume. I mean if the sales volumes kind of stay the same in terms of the growth here, do you feel like you will be able to maintain that gross margin somewhere in the high 46% in the back half of the year?
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah, I think that is right, I think you know, we obviously, like any company you can have a mix issue and if we have higher sales in Asia and so on, if we higher sales in Asia and so on, we can, that's is a little less profitable and the drop through is somewhat, but we still are pretty good about maintaining the number, that gross margin number, I mean we had some absorption in this period and we had some cost savings but still I feel pretty good about maintaining the gross margin. So you got to kind of remember though is that, I think everybody should remember is, you have a couple of good quarters, we are going into the third quarter. I think that the third quarter for us is highly unpredictable, more difficult to predict because we have European vacations, the franchisees tend to relax a little bit, they go to the Merlin show or something like that, whatever they do. Historically our third quarter has had more variance than other quarters. So we think of our year as 1, 2, 3 and 4 in terms of trying to model it out. I think the third quarter; it's hard to make a lot of judgments on.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take a follow-up from David Leiker.
David Leiker - Robert. W. Baird:  Just a couple of other items here to follow-up. You called up a couple of things here that were, higher costs here year-over-year, and the current expense you mentioned particular about $16 million. What is that number running year-to-date, do you think?
Aldo Pagliari: This is Aldo, David. It's about $20 million, I would say as an absolute number. Also I want to call attention to it, it did include higher, particularly higher year-over-year expenses related to greater participation to the various company stock purchase programs, which also allows franchisees to invest in the company stock as well. So we saw some higher year-over-year participation and with the growth of the stock price, it fueled a higher year-over-year cost per share for those who participated as well.
David Leiker - Robert. W. Baird: Okay. So, 4 in Q1, 16 in Q2, what should we kind of look out for that number here, sequentially going forward in the back end of the year, do you think?
Aldo Pagliari: In Q4, it will be approximately $5 million, 4 to 5.
David Leiker - Robert. W. Baird: Then Q3?
Aldo Pagliari: It will be similar. Similar amount, maybe a little bit less.
David Leiker - Robert. W. Baird: Okay. So we really did have a pump up here that's beyond what normal is?
Nick Pinchuk: We did.
Aldo Pagliari: Sure.
David Leiker - Robert. W. Baird: Okay, great. Then, yes, I know this is the tough thing. We've talked about this before, but in the industrial market is there any way you can give us some sense of what your penetration, is there market share and…?
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know. I can't. I think I can only tell you that we are growing faster than anybody else is saying, pretty much. We're growing pretty fast and that's been for some time. It is very difficult to do that and that's bad news I think from a modeling point of view and I suppose from an investment point of view, but its good news from an operating point of view because what it means is that market is unbounded in terms of customers and in terms of products. One of the reasons why its so difficult to say what the market share is, because how do you calculate it, because we go into a customer like a military, a tank command and we say, what you need and we're not sure. Sometimes we provide them things we never thought was part of our orb, because we put it in a kit.
David Leiker - Robert. W. Baird: Right.
Nick Pinchuk: Like a flash light or some thing or generators and things like that. We sell it, we provide it in package with Snap-on tool. So that's an example of us struggling, we try to identify that. Equally, we find customers that are added, I would say three years ago I wouldn't have said wind would have been a customer for us and now there is some customer there. So it's very difficult to define that. I can just say that, it seems to us based on the growth, we were getting good growth if you remember all the way through the first quarter of 2009 in this business. We were expanding and we took a downtick, growth faster than anybody else was talking about and we should because we are rolling a Snap-on brand out of the garage, it was a new thing. We are providing something new, capturer, share takers. Now this quarter it has started back up again. So, I believe we are taking share, I can't define it though, sorry.
David Leiker - Robert. W. Baird: So, as you go into these customers and these markets, I mean obviously they are getting the product from somewhere right now. Do you have sense of who you are displacing in those products or they are just new market opportunities that didn't exist?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, it depends on the location, I mean in Europe we are displacing people like…As I said if you are talking about tool competitors, you are talking about displacing people like in Europe, let's say you stop [Willie] or a [Good Door]. In the United States the usual suspects that come out of our major competitors would be those who would be displaced and also some specialist people who are small. There are people in United States who only make pliers or screwdrivers and so on. We would displace them and then also we wouldn't displace people, we would be sort of like the distributor for some other people that might have been selling direct before but the customers feels pretty good about a packaging with our tools. So all those phenomena is occurring.
David Leiker - Robert. W. Baird: Okay. Then if we look at China, the economy is hot there, the government there is trying to slow things down, we're definitely seeing on the automotive side of thing and I know your business is more industrial there, but are you seeing that slow down and what your thoughts about going forward?
Nick Pinchuk: I was just there. I have been back from China less than only a week. I was just there with our salesmen and meeting with some customers and we don't see a slow down now. Having said that though, Asia is 5% to 10%, of our business, and we are just bulking up there, we are adding factories and products and so on. So I would charge out, I in fact I do charge our people to grow regardless of whether the economy moves from 12% growth, to 7% growth, because we are just taking share in general. So we wouldn't necessarily see it so easily but having said that, I didn't see any evidence of slow down, to tell you the truth. Now I read the papers like everybody else and the government saying slowdown, but I didn't see it. 
David Leiker - Robert. W. Baird: I am with you on that, and then lastly here Aldo as you look at the Financial Services business, where do you think you are on track now to rebuild that asset bases that's kind of the second quarter 2011, as you get back there?
Aldo Pagliari: I think I will take a little [mirror] targets though, David, as an end stage. If you look at the former portfolio that we had with CIT as partner was about $800 million range. We anticipate that our future statement that would be about $750 million because we are probably going to do little bit less badly seeing that things of that nature that might be better suited for Banks than do directly with franchisees. It will take a little bit of time for some of the tail of the old CIT portfolio when it comes across. So I have been saying as I meet with people, that I think we will see our future staying at about like a $750 million US portfolio in and around somewhere around 2012. Ramps somewhere in that time frame, but you know our future state that we envisioned for this, is tending to follow the model, we have a portfolio that is yielding at expected rates, we are fortunate in that the bad debt performance and delinquencies are still on plan and on target and actually have slightly improved. We are very pleased with that. The originations which underlie the volume tend to track more or less with the Tools group. I think it the reflects the actions in the Tools group. That's what it's there for. So pretty much as the Tools group volume rose, we expect that this renewal of contracts and add-ons as we call them will continue to prosper. So at the endgame, we expect that this has the capability even after interest expense is allocated to create a portfolio that will generate about a 25% return on financial income and that financial income would be, the portfolio yield times the overall finance receivables, that are there within it.
Operator: At this time we have no further questions in the queue. I will turn the call back over to Mr. Kratcoski for any additional or closing remarks.
Leslie Kratcoski: Well everyone, thanks again for joining us today and for your interest in Snap-on. A replay of this call is going to be available shortly this afternoon and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude our conference. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie Kratcoski - VP, IR Nick Pinchuk - Chairman, President and CEO Aldo Pagliari - CFO 
Analysts: Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott Keith Schicker - Robert. W. Baird Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2010 First Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of our remarks, we will conduct a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference call, Leslie Kratcoski, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thank you David and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s first quarter 2010 results which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s Chief Executive Officer and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's recently appointed Chief Financial Officer. Nick will lead off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we’ll take your questions.  As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our Investor Relations portion of our website, next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with the transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I’d now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk, Nick?
Nick Pinchuk:  Thanks Leslie. Good morning everybody. Well, we’re once again encouraged with our results. We continue to make operational gains and to strengthen our strategic position. Both have helped us to deliver the results that are improving and I say are reasonable given the extended economic challenges. Our first quarter operating margin before financial services was 11.6%, 210 basis points higher than the first quarter of last year. In fact, I think it's noteworthy that this 11.6% exceeds the first quarter record of 11.1% registered in 2008 and that was before the economic crisis. And the profits in that period were achieved at significantly higher sales levels. This shows our commitment to the Snap-on value creations processes is driving strong improvement. The financial results are testimony to power that effort. With our focus on Snap-on value creation processes, safety, quality, customer connection, innovation, rapid continuous improvement or RCI as you call it, we’re becoming a stronger company and one that's well positioned to take advantage of any recovery. And we are seeing some positive signs, some good signs in certain market. Those opportunities added momentum to the operating progress we've been achieving over the past several quarters. Aldo will take you through the financial but first, I’ll provide you with a perspective on the results, my own perspective. Regarding growth, our overall sales were up 8.6% from last year, over 4% organically excluding currency. As in the recent past, our results are mixed by geographies and by market segment. So I would say the quarter provides evidence that overall market have stabilized and are showing some signs of upward potential but because of the varying nature of the results, they’re not yet clearly rebounding. In the past, I’ve mentioned the trends in big ticket items, products with relatively higher sales value, tool storage unit, diagnostic products as well as under car equipment, items which have longer paybacks. We believe sales in that arena are barometer of both our customer’s financial outlook and if they’re confident in their future. Ending last year, the signs here were mixed. While in the first quarter, sales were mildly positive in all three of those big ticket categories. So we have some good news but its one quarter. Going forward, we are going to, we’re striving to create a reliable positive trend in those product line. It's important to us. We’re also all aware that Europe was particularly hard hit last year at the downturn. And here again, we saw positive signs, following on with the big ticket discussion, our sales of under-car equipment in Europe posted gain encouraging given the overall struggle of Europe and give the capital nature of those purchases. We also saw increase however in our European based hand-tool business, both sequentially and year-over-year. Encouraging here too was the fact that we saw some mild momentum in each month throughout the quarter. However, the mix nature of the results are also evidence in Europe. While we are encouraged by the overall gains South of Europe or existing Europe has a particularly strong position and Spain especially continuous to lag. Unemployment in that country is still very high and the drag is evident in a day-to-day commerce.  Another market segment that provides some gauge to the economy and one that get a real lot of national attention is the automotive OEMs and their dealers. To put this market in perspective for Snap-on, we have limited direct exposure. Our Equipment Solution Division or EQS and Snap-on business solutions SBS are where we do sell primarily OEM dealerships.  Those businesses combined make up only about 11% of our total sales. That being said, this is an area that has obviously suffered during the current downturn. But on the positive side, we are seeing some forward momentum with some new essential EQS tool program and we expect ongoing upside in that regard. SBS however continues to be impacted by the dealer consolidation. Now, both SBS and EQS have in fact achieved some progress by capturing adjacent business, serving commercial construction and agriculture market as well as supplying products to truck fleet, all which represents expended opportunity. So there are off sets to the challenge the OEM dealer shrink and as further opportunity in those adjacent spaces.  To summarize our view on the sales and market environment, I would say we’re encouraged but cautiously. Signs are still a bit mixed. The market seemed to have stabilized but are not yet strongly rebounding, gains are being made but those increases are coming a lot comparison that were weakened by the overall downturn in 2009. Now such on the first quarter highlight and each of our reporting segment. In the Commercial and Industrial Group, our C&I organic sales were up over 9% from last year. We saw across the board increases in nearly all the businesses. The biggest contributors here were the equipment division including Europe as I previously mentioned and in Asia Pacific where our expended product lines are starting to take hold.  From a profit increase perspective, C&I was a big contributor with operating earning of over $30 million, up $13 million from last year, the OI margin of 10.2 puts reasonably rapid recovery, reflecting the hires, I think we believe, a reasonable recovery. And that reflected the higher sales as well as the benefits from RCI and past restructuring actions.  Aside from the financial performance in the group, progress continues to be made in areas of strategic importance. The equipment division registered wins and agreements with more vehicle OEM’s as preferred suppliers. This further Snap-on presence in the garage and gives us a heightened advantage with access to quite a few additional locations. Our C&I presence in critical industries is also expanding. We introduced over 300 SKUs for a large applications and natural resource and power generation and there’s more in the pipeline. We’re working with customers in aerospace and government, launching special tools and kits that incorporate rigorous and innovative safety features specially designed for those mission critical applications.  And again in C&I, as I said earlier, we had good gains in emerging markets. It really is where the outside portions of automotive growth will take place and we continue to advance building the necessary physical and creating a broad Asian product line. Just this past month we introduced a new handheld diagnostic product in China, our first such offering for the region and our new Asian band saw our product line continue on a strong upward sales trajectory.  Moving to the tools group, overall sales were up 4.3% organically, 4.4% in United States. I mentioned the positive results for big ticket items, tool storage and high value diagnostics and we are working to make those gains a trend. The sales increase for the group vigilance and operating efficiency and favorable currency result in a $7.5 million increase in OI and an OI margin of 10.7%, up 220 basis points versus last year. Now, I’ve spoken often in the past regarding the importance of keeping our franchise system healthy. We continue working hard toward that end and it seems to be succeeding. The network’s stable, there’s evidence and there’s evidence of improving franchisee health. Terminations are at a lower level and van sales are moving in the right direction. Now, major element of support for the franchisee is the credit company. Aldo will speak about Snap-on Credit but I’ll just mention that its transition to a wholly on subsidiary continues as planned and without interruptions to our customers. The credit business provides us with the strategic advantage. I’m pleased the integration is going well. Now to the Diagnostics & Information Group or the D&I Group. I’ve also, I’ve already mentioned some of the challenges faced by EQS and SBS with the ties to OEM dealership. In spite of those impact however, D&I sales of a $135 million were up from last year, up slightly from last year. That’s because gains were recorded in the independent shop segment with diagnostic hardware and software and our mature one information products, all showing strength throughout the period. D&I earnings of about $31 million were up $5.6 million. And that reflects the higher sales both in handheld units and information products as well as some solid gains and efficiencies due to Snap-on value creation. Related to the D&I market expansion or adding fleet customers in the U.S. for a heavy duty Diagnostic’s products. If a target rich environment, our existing capabilities extend nicely into that area and I believe we’re using that to our advantage. We’re also leveraging D&I products and capabilities internationally. When you get outside in the United States, the dealership space hasn’t experienced quite so much disruption. In the first quarter, we again saw a success in capturing new international customers for the SBS Electronics Parts catalog line and we expect that trend to continue. Well that’s the segment round up. Regarding Snap-on’s overall strategic position we’ve characterized our current challenge, our challenge in the downturn as balancing cost reduction efforts limiting the impact of the downturn with the need to invest in those strategic areas which we believe will be decisive for supporting growth going forward.  Now I believe there is abundant evidence in our results that the impact has been limited and breakeven levels have been reduced. It’s also clear to me; we’re better positioned in each of our core strategic areas of strategic importance. The franchise network remains strong, terminations are at the lower levels and sales are moving favorably, regarding the primary customer basin area, the automotive technicians our position remains preeminent with Snap-on still the preferred brand across the board by a wide margin. We also target expanded penetration of automotive repair garage infrastructure as a strategic initiative and we’ve made progress with the shop owners and the managers, the principle customers in that segment. Our repair system is from electronic parts catalogs to imaging aligners have increased their customer base both in the U.S. and internationally. And indication of that progress was a strong growth achieved by the equipment division in the first quarter. We’ve also spoken often about the extraordinary opportunity for Snap-on to extend our position in mission critical industries, aerospace, power generation, natural resources to name a few. And in the quarter the industrial vision where we pursue those critical customers showed year-over-year growth against some reasonably tough comparison. They entered the recession late. Finally we continue to build our position in emerging market, growing distribution and expanding our local product line and we are seeing continued gain. Our sales in Asia-Pacific were up substantially in the quarter well ahead of any economic growth in the region. So we are encouraged by the first quarter. We've limited the impact of the downturn, improved our profitability and positioned our operations strategically for growth. Since this is Aldo's first call with us, I will provide you with the brief introduction. Aldo brings over 30 years of experience in finance and operations, corporate strategy and business development to his new role as Snap-on CFO. He joined us in 2002 from United Technologies where he held the variety of senior level positions in both finance and business development. In his eight years at Snap-on, he played a significant role in leading our progress. He established strong record of achievement and gained deep understanding the company's global operations and strategies. Most recently he served as President at Snap-on's worldwide equipment operations and prior to that he was Senior Vice President for Snap-on's Commercial and Industrial Group with responsibility for the group's global financial operations. In short, he brings significant financial capabilities, operating experience and strategic insight to his new position. With that I will turn the call over to Aldo, who will take you through the financial details. Aldo?
Aldo Pagliari: Thanks Nick and good morning to everyone on the call. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on slide 6. Sales in the first quarter of $621 million increased 8.6% from first quarter 2009 levels. Without currency organic sales were up 4.1%. As Nick mentioned we are encouraged by these results and by some of the business trends experienced in the quarter. Consolidated gross profit margin of 46.3% in the quarter increased 110 basis points from last year. Savings from previous restructuring initiatives and other cost containment actions contributed about $7 million or 115 basis points in gross margin improvement. Gross margin was further aided by better sales mix particularly diagnostic and information segments which improved consolidated gross margin by another 50 basis points. Restructuring cost reduced 2010 gross margin by 40 basis points. Operating expenses of $216 million in the quarter while up $11.5 million from the prior year were favorable as a percent of sales by 100 basis points. Unfavorable currency translation as a result of the weaker dollar contributed about $7 million of the increase. In addition higher pension expense due to lower the projected asset returns in previous years related to the U.S. pension plan accounted for $5 million of the increase. First quarter 2010 results were also impacted by higher volume related expenses as well as by $3.5 million of higher mark-to-market incentive in other compensation. These year-over-year increases and operating expenses were partially offset by about $6 million in benefits from ongoing RCI restructuring and other cost reduction and cost containment actions. Restructuring costs in the first quarter of 2010 totaled $3.2 million as compared to $2 million last year. The significant portion of this quarter’s restructuring costs again occurred in the commercial and industrial or C&I segment. Financial services incurred a $1.7 million operating loss in the quarter as previously disclosed Snap-on ended the joint venture with CIT in July 2009. The $1.7 million loss compares favorably with a $3.8 million loss in the fourth quarter of 2009 and the $5.3 million loss recorded in third quarter 2009. Consistent with our issuance of $550 million of fixed rate long term notes in 2009, interest expense increased $5.4 million year-over-year. The proceeds from these notes are being used for general corporate purposes including the January 12 repayments of $150 million of floating rate debt the part of maturity as well as funding the growth to the Snap-on credit on balance sheet portfolio. Effective income tax rate in both the first quarter of 2009 and 2010 was 34.5%. As Nick mentioned, operating earnings was $71.7 million before financial services, improved 32% over prior year on an 8.6% sales increase. Finally, net earnings of $36.8 million or $0.63 per diluted share increased from $34.8 million or $0.60 per share last year, despite the $8.6 million or $0.15 per share of lower year-over-year net earnings associated with financial services. With that I will now turn to our segment results. Starting with the C&I Group on slide 7, segment sales of $297 million improved 14.5% from prior year levels. Excluding $12 million of favorable currency translation, organic sales increased nearly $26 million or 9.4%. This year-over-year in increase was driven by a mid-teens increase in sales of equipment worldwide; particularly higher sales of alignment machines in the Americas and Europe. Sales increases were also realized in our European-based tools business. We still faced headwinds in this region but these higher first quarter sales may be evident of some early stabilization of the European markets. The year-over-year sales increase in the C&I also reflects, continued higher sales in emerging growth markets and increased sales of tools, kits and tool storage products to industrial customers. Gross profit in this C&I segment of $105 million increased to $13 million from $92 million last year. This increase reflects contributions from higher sales, $4.3 million of savings from restructuring and other cost reduction and cost containment actions and $2.3 million of favorable currency advice. Operating expenses in the quarter of $74 million were essentially flat year-over-year; savings from restructuring and other cost reduction and cost containment initiatives of 3.2 million as well as some lower bad debt expense were partially offset by unfavorable currency translation of $3.5 million along with higher sales of volume related expenses. As a percentage of sales, operating margin in the C&I segment improved 350 basis points year-over-year from 6.7% to 10.2%. Now turning to slide 8, on a worldwide basis, year-over-year sales in the Snap-on tools group increased 8.9% or 4.3% excluding currency. Land count in the U.S. at the end of the first quarter was stable compared to first quarter of 2009 and year-end 2009 levels. Sales in the U.S. were up 4.4% from the prior year. Gross profit in the Snap-on tools group $113 million increased $10.7 million over prior year representing a 60 basis point improvement in gross margin. The year-over-year increase primarily reflects contributions from higher sales and favorable currency effects, partially offset by inventory related another expenses. Operating expenses of $85 million in the quarter increased $3.2 million from prior year levels, primarily due to unfavorable currency translation and higher volume related expenses. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings of 10.7% in the quarter for the Snap-on tools group improved 220 basis points from 8.5% last year. Turning to the Diagnostics and Information or D&I group on slide 9, first quarter 2010 sales of $135 million were up 2% from prior year levels, mostly due to currency. Excluding currency organic sales were essentially flat with prior year levels, as higher sales of diagnostics and information products, and increased facilitation program sales were partially offset by anticipated lower electronic parts catalog sales, the OEM dealerships which are continued to be impacted by the challenges in the automotive industry. Gross profit margin of 51.4% in the quarter for D&I Group improved 320 basis points over 48.2% a year ago benefiting from an improved sales mix of higher margin diagnostics and software products. Savings from prior restructuring actions and $1.2 million of favorable currency effects also contributed to the $5.5 million year-over-year increase in gross profit. Operating expenses for the group were relatively flat with 2009 levels. As a percentage of sales, operating margin of D&I Group improved 380 basis points from 19% last year to 22.8% this year. Contributions from the improved sales mix and $3 million of savings from RCI, restructuring and other cost reduction initiatives were partially offset by $1.3 million of higher restructuring cost. Turning now to slide 10, the year-over-year comparisons for financial services reflect the termination in 2009 of the Snap-on credit joint venture with CIT. As you know since July 16 of last year, we are no longer selling loan contracts to CIT in reporting the gain on sales. Rather we are building overtime and on balance sheet interest yielding portfolio. As the on-balance sheet portfolio grows, so will our financial services earnings. The first quarter loss of $1.7 million for financial services was improved from the $3.8 million loss reported in the fourth quarter of 2009. Moving to slide 11, as in the first quarter end, our balance sheet includes $365 million in gross financing receivables from our Snap-on U.S. credit operations and $129 million in gross financing receivables from our international finance subsidiaries, for a total financing receivables portfolio of $494 million. Within the U.S. Snap-on credit portfolio, $313 million relates to extended credit loans to technicians. As you know, Snap-on credit continues to manage the run off portfolio of contracts owned by CIT which totals $483 million at first quarter end. Snap-on credit’s on book portfolio grew by about $98 million in the first quarter of 2010.  For the full year 2010, we presently expect that the on book portfolio will grow by and therefore require net cash of approximately $300 million. The net cash requirements of our international finance portfolios are substantially self funding. Portfolio loss and delinquency trends continue to be in line with our expectations. Turning to slide 12, consolidated operating cash flow for the quarter was $10.4 million. At the end of the quarter, our cash position of $472 million was down from approximately $700 million at 2009 year end. This decrease primarily reflects the $150 million debt repayment in January and the funding of new loans originated by Snap-on credit.  In the quarter, capital spending of $5.7 million was down from $14.1 million spent last year. The higher level of capital expenditures in 2009 including spending to support the accelerated expansion of our manufacturing capabilities in Minsk, Belarus and the further expansion of our plant in Foshan, China. Capital spending last year also included the construction of the new R&D facility and headquarters for our automotive parts and service information business in Richfield, Ohio. As seen on slide 13, trade and other receivables increased to $8.4 million from 2009 year end, primarily due to higher sales. Day sales outstanding for trade and other receivables of 63 days was flat with 2009 year end. Inventories at the end of the quarter increased $16.3 million from 2009 year end, primarily due to seasonal inventory build and increasing production levels. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns were 4.2 times, slightly up from year end. Net debt at the end of the quarter was $444 million. Our net debt to capital ratio of 25.9% compares to 22.2% in 2009 year end. If we exclude approximately $108 million of cash, currently withheld related to the dispute with CIT, our net debt to capital ratio as of the end of the first quarter would have been 30.3%. In addition to our quarter-end cash of $472 million, we continue to maintain a $500 million revolving credit facility which does not expire until August 2012. We also have another $20 million of committed bank lines. At quarter-end, the full $520 million of borrowing capacity was available. In addition to these facilities, our current A2/P2 short-term credit rating allows us to access the commercial paper market should we choose to do so. At quarter-end, no commercial paper was outstanding. Our liquidity position and access to credit continues to remain strong. This concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. Before turning the call back to Nick, I’d like to review our outlook for the balance of 2010. For the full year, we continue to expect to incur restructuring cost of approximately $18 million to $22 million. At the same time, we believe we will continue to realize further benefits in 2010 from our RCI sourcing annual cost reduction initiatives. We also anticipate continuing with our planned strategic investment including expansion in emerging markets. We continue to anticipate capital expenditures in 2010 that will be in the range of $55 to 60 million. We also will continue to incur $5 million per quarter of expected higher year-over-year pension expense. For full year 2010, we now anticipate an effective tax rate of approximately 34.5% which is slightly higher than the 33.5% estimate communicated at year end, primarily due to a higher mix of U.S. earnings. Before opening the call for questions, Nick would like to provide some final thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, that’s our prospective on the first quarter. Our commitment to the Snap-On value creation process to safety, quality, customer connections, innovations in RCI, it continues to pay off. OI was up 32% in the OI margin of 11.6% was strong compared with history on considerably lower sale.  The markets have stabilized and appear to be favorably inclined although its way too early to call a clear trend. And our continued investments in the strategic customer segment, the franchisees and their technicians, the repair, the garage owners and managers, the mission critical industry and the emerging markets of Eastern Europe and Asia Pacific are all reaping benefit.  The bottom-line is that because of our commitment to Snap-On value creation processes and because of our strengthening strategic position, we are confident that Snap-On is well poised to take full advantage of the recovery as it occurs. Now, I will end with a word to our franchisees and associates. I know many of you are listening to this call. The results of the quarter were encouraging. But I know that they were only made possible by your capability, by your effort and by your commitment to our team. You have my congratulation and you have my thanks. Now, I’ll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Jim Lucas with Janney Montgomery Scott
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: First question with regards to currency was hoping you could just help us out with translation versus transaction. With gross profit referring to currency being favorable yet operating expenses currency being unfavorable and with the continued fluctuation in the dollar if you could give us a little bit color what are you seeing there?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I can start out and may be Aldo can roll in. I think what we saw in the quarter year-over-year was positives with the Canadian dollar where we sell, we also buy some out of Canadian plans but we are positively exposed there and around the pound. And those two currencies tended to be quite favorable for us and that generated the positive events here. Going forward, we see the same events around Canada but the pound has started to weaken some we could see some headwind in that situation.  If you thinking about currency in terms of translation, our translation numbers in the first quarter on sales would have been about $24 million and operating expenses would be something $6 million to $7 million on a negative basis.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Yes. That’s helpful and then starting first on the CNI side some very good color about the ongoing investments, very helpful commentary surrounding what you are seeing on the equipment and the big ticket side. Could you talk a little bit about what you are seeing in terms of re-stocking versus overall demand whether by geography or end market?
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t think we are seeing any restocking, stocking is through. I think people are snake bitten over the past recession. So we are not seeing any evidence in the United States where we sell through another level whether you are talking about our dealers, our franchisees or you are talking about distributors outside the United States. We are not seeing evidence of restocking. So none of that we believe is in our number. A quite a few of our businesses, for example, the industrial business is direct. So restocking would be a factor in that situation. The big question for us has always been Europe about re-stocking and de-stocking and we certainly haven’t seen any restocking in Europe. The de-stocking seems to have ended in certain parts particularly in terms of the North. The South continues to be sliding. Spain, the markets in Spain and if you look at the GDP in Spain it's still going South.  So what we see is no restocking, an ending of de-stocking in the North of Europe, some minor I guess continuing weakness in the South. We just haven’t seen the markets snapped back to the point that we expect people to restock. I’m not sure when that will happen Jim. When we talk to distributors or I talk to franchisees, they all have their, to use an American expression, their Missouri head on, they’re in show me territory. So they’re going to have to see quite a bit of time go by before they’re going to enter restocking.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay and switching gear to the tools group. You referred to the termination is down, plans in terms of adding to the franchise count this year also, where the van count stands currently and then secondarily from a mix standpoint, could you give us anymore color of what you’re seeing on hand tools versus power tools versus storage boxes?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Van counts are pretty stable. It’s give or take 3,460 in the United States as about where it was at the end of December. Terminations are at an all-time low but you could say we’re not capturing any. We’re not increasing on that because we’re not gaining even though the termination is at an all-time low. I would add quickly though we’re being very selective of our people at the van because we had difficult experiences when we put people in vans that might have been not appropriate or not as I guess born to do that kind of business, and so we had some difficulty when they ended up having, not being successful. So we’ve been stable there. Our plans are still to expand that business and we are still continuing to working to refine our recruiting models to make sure we can move forward and build that van count. In terms of mix, our hand tools were up slightly in the quarter. Remember that hand tools never really went down very much. It was all tool storage and big ticket items. So, the mix of tool storage and diagnostic, you can pretty much say that the increases for year-over-year are rooted in tool storage and high value diagnostic units. Power tools was down slightly but that has to do more or less with the timing of model introductions.
Operator: We have David Leiker with Robert. W. Baird.
Keith Schicker - Robert. W. Baird: It's Keith Schicker on the line for David. I just wanted to start sequentially with the tool segment. It looks like revenue was up about $30 million sequentially; Q1 versus Q4 and operating profits split a little bit. Could you provide any color on that variance there?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Well, first of all, we had record. I believe probably an all time record OI margin in the fourth quarter for the tools group so was gain busters. So we knew we had top comparisons if you are going to go sequentially. We had our volume rise up. So we got some pop out of volume and a little bit of absorption. Much of that business was as I said before big ticket items which tend to be ironically a little lower in absorptions because there are components purchased more than a hand tool. A hand tool tends to be a big labor, big machine, high fixed cost equipment.  Diagnostic tend to be component purchased and assembled. So we could get a volume push but the absorption might not be as much as you might expect if you are modeling this. We had favorable LIFO in the fourth quarter which I think we called out in our release which basically accrues to the tools group. In first quarter in a tools group, you do have a launch; we have kick off around the country. So there is a little more expense there and I think I would say that if we wanted to get jump started into the year with those big ticket items because we thought that would lead the way. So we promoted them relatively aggressively. So when you put all that together that ended up blunting some of the drop through you might expect off the volume increase.
Keith Schicker - Robert. W. Baird:  Perfect. Yes, that's great. If we look at the commercial and industrial segment and this is a difficult question but the margin improvement there, would you attribute more of that to getting more volume running through the model or would you attribute more of the margin improvement to some of the cross section that you have taken in that part of the business?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think it's both situation. The commercial and industrial division has been throughout the years pretty much our poster child to rapid continuous improvement and we did get nice drop through on some of the volume. But you don't get that kind of popping, I think we went from 6.7% OI margin to 10.2%. I think the numbers are something like that. You don't get that just from volume. So there was good drop through because we had some nice sales and alignment and so which are high profitability product, high margin product but we also had some great RCI benefits. So I’d say both were big factors. 
Keith Schicker - Robert. W. Baird: But wouldn't think alone one or the other.
Nick Pinchuk: No, I would not. They got a nice increase in volume right.
Keith Schicker - Robert. W. Baird: Okay 
Nick Pinchuk: That's a good thing but the drop there was very high. So you can make the calculation based on that.
Keith Schicker - Robert. W. Baird: Okay and then two more quick ones here. Has there been any issues that you've had with the closure of the aerospace in Europe from a business perspective?
Nick Pinchuk:  Yes. A couple of our guys are trapped in Paris for days and they are running out of clothes.
Keith Schicker - Robert. W. Baird: Okay.
Nick Pinchuk: We haven’t had too much. I have made this kind of a joke about it. But there are people trapped there. We had some training plan, that’s that put on hold. So that’s an issue. I don’t see us having a problem. If you look forward, we could have a problem if we ran out of things that we needed to airship. Europe would be a less of a problem then if this extended to Asia let say. To put it in perspective though we spent $90 million a year in freight, $5 million of this is air. So it’s not a huge problem for us. It could create some irritancy in certain product lines and certain places. But we don’t see it being an issue right now.
Keith Schicker - Robert. W. Baird: Okay and then the last one. It's still relatively early here in the second quarter but if you could just comment on some of the end market trends that you’ve seen really early in the quarter here?
Nick Pinchuk: Couple of things, one is that we don’t see much seasonality in our business except for the third quarter. Our third quarter tends to drop pretty much because of Europe, because of our dependence on Europe and some of the markets in United States people take the van drivers to take vacations in the third quarter from time-to-time. So, we do see weak third quarter but by and large not much seasonality going from first to second. So there is not much of a tailwind in that regard.  Looking out for the future, I think I stand on what I said in my remarks. We think the markets are leaning positively but it was one quarter and in those numbers are some expansion to new adjacent segments like capturing customers in Europe for the EPC and reaching out to new OEMs and equipment sold. There is probably some market shares in our gain, in our growth number and that 4% growth number as well. So I’ve learned in the recession not to make any future calls. All I can say is the market seems to be leaning positively but I am still from Missouri that is show me. I’m looking forward for any kind of recovery. The one thing I can say is, wherever it happens we’re poised to take advantage of it.
Keith Schicker - Robert. W. Baird: Okay and do you think this market share gains are something that can continue or would you rule that out or how should we think about that?
Nick Pinchuk:  I said market share. It’s always dangerous to talk about market share gains over quarter. These are simply new customers that we captured. I believe we can capture new customers though. That’s what our strategic initial is all about, that’s what penetrating the garage, a repair garage owners and managers is about. That’s what is extending the mission critical industry is about, that’s what building in emerging market is about. It is after all share gain and so we believe very strongly that we’ve taken the action in building capabilities in product lines and physical distribution to be able to take advantage in those areas which are pretty much adjacent for us as the recovery occurs.
Operator: We’ve Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Seems to me just a little bit more optimism, can you express here but relative to the past conference calls I have been on Nick. But I just went through my notes. I just want to make sure you basically said that some of the big ticket items particularly in Europe you were seeing so mildly positive sales gains in tool storage diagnostics under-car is that correct?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. What I said was I am seeing increases in tool storage and high value diagnostics that more refers to the United States than Europe, equipment I meant both developed markets United States and Europe.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Are these sequential or year-over-year? 
Nick Pinchuk:  They are year-over-year and for tool storage and diagnostics they are sequential. Equipment had a gain busters quarter, in the fourth quarter so I say it’s about flat.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: You also mentioned that some of the more Southern European countries you are dealing with are Italy possibly Greece Marseille having issues?
Nick Pinchuk: Spain.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Spain. But the Northern European countries are starting to at least stabilize.
Nick Pinchuk:  We are looking better in the North UK, Sweden; France is looking a little better for us. Spain, the reason I mentioned Spain, Gary is that SNA Europe has a significant portion of its business in Spain. It’s the leading market player in Spain and so for us Greece is kind of interesting. We sell there but it’s not such a big factor. Italy, some factor for us but Spain is a significant challenge for us and we see the Spanish market continuing downward.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Could you just remind us what your percentage of sales are to Europe and U.S. and then what would you categorize emerging? Do you have that handy?
Nick Pinchuk: Of the top of my head 42% outside United States, I would say is 26%, 27% in Europe. You might say Asia-Pacific 8-10%.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: And in Asia-Pacific which is probably more your emerging markets?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research:  What did you see there is particularly?
Nick Pinchuk: Booming. We saw great smaller base though. When I am quoting the numbers Asia-Pacific, I am talking about Japan which is a much more stable market. But when I talk about the emerging markets of Asia-Pacific, I am talking about China, India, the ASEAN, all where we’ve been building our physical presence and expanding our product lines where we add the diagnostics in China, where we provided the ASEAN (inaudible) those business in the emerging markets of Asia were up substantially well ahead of any GDP growth in those areas. So the GDP growth is pretty robust. Now again Gary it's off a smaller base but we are pretty encouraged by that.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Okay and then last question, we are truly coming out of this worldwide recession.
Nick Pinchuk: I didn't say that.
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research:  What? No I am saying that. My prediction. How is the performance bid of your business line different now or coming out of this relative to where it has performed in the past recessions coming out of that? Is there any big differences that always been choppy by country or is there something that you can point to that significantly different that is giving you cause to be cautious here?
Nick Pinchuk:  No. Actually nothing that's giving us cause to be cautious out of that. If you are asking me how I feel about this, there is a couple of things, one is I feel why we brought down our breakeven?
Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research: Right.
Nick Pinchuk: That's good. Secondly, okay, the recession put everybody on stall a little bit. We’ve had chance to build our strength in places. So we kept investing. So I think we are in better shape perhaps then maybe some others are because we kept investing. We didn’t take capacity out in Europe, we kept in place. Remember, we talked about that in the prior calls. We kept, because we were confident that the markets are going to come back. So I believe and we have building in Asia-Pacific well maybe this there was a tough time for some others. So building our product line for critical industries. We kept expanding our product lines throughout the recession. So I feel pretty good about the positioning. The only difference for us I’d say is that Spain, one of our markets, one of our more major markets in Europe is unusually weak. That’s about the only difference about our business versus I guess any other kind.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time, and I will turn the call back over to Leslie Kratcoski for any additional comments or closing statements.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thanks everyone for joining us this morning. A replay will be available shortly on our website and as always we thank you for your interest in Snap-on. Have a good day.
Operator: That does conclude today’s conference and we thank you for participating.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leslie Kratcoski -- VP, IR Nick Pinchuk -- Chairman, President and CEO Marty Ellen -- SVP, Finance and CFO
Analysts: Jim Lucas -- Janney Montgomery Scott Keith Schicker -- Robert W. Baird & Co. Gary Prestopino -- Barrington Research Holly Sankar [ph] -- Wolf Baker Investments [ph]
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2009 fourth quarter results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Leslie Kratcoski, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Leslie Kratcoski: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s fourth quarter 2009 results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. Before we begin, I’d just like to take this opportunity to introduce myself. As Mark said, my name is Leslie Kratcoski and I joined Snap-on in December. I’ve already have the pleasure of speaking with several of you, and I do look forward to meeting and working with all of you. We have on the call today Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Ellen, Snap-on’s Chief Financial Officer. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Marty will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. Afterwards, we’ll take your questions. As usual we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our Web site next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our Web site along with a transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Leslie. Good morning, everybody. Well, 2009 is in the book and we finished the year with another quarter of progress. The Tools Group and the Commercial & Industrial Group both ended with sequential improvements. So while we were challenged throughout the year, we were encouraged again by the fourth quarter results. We believe that it is fair to say that the Snap-on team extended its ongoing trend of operating improvement and of strategic progress. In the fourth quarter, our overall operating margin of 11.5% before financial services was our highest of the year and it was more than 200 basis points up from where we were at the end of the third quarter. And while the earnings are below the 2008 record fourth quarter levels, we did finish 2009 with a relatively strong performance and we are well positioned for the opportunities as they unfold going forward. Marty will take you through the financials in a minute, but first I’ll provide some perspective on the market environment, cover some of the operating highlights and discuss just how we are managing through the uncertain times. For the overall corporation, excluding currency which now has turned positive for us, fourth quarter sales were down 11.1% from 2008. There was an overall 5% sequential increase from the third quarter, but that’s about in line with normal seasonality. I think it’s fair to say that on balance we believe the markets have stabilized, but overall they are not yet clearly rebounding. In that however, there are some mild good news. We believe that distributor destocking is behind us, and we did see some modest strengths with stronger than seasonally normal sequential sales increases from our industrial division; however, Europe in general continues to lag, not showing any significant signs of recovery. The distributors there appear to be reluctant to begin restocking. I believe you will know by now that we closely monitor big ticket items, diagnostic products and tool storage units sold through our van channel and under-car equipment sold through the C&I Group. These are high-value purchases that are either more discretionary or have a longer payback, and we believe they can be a reasonable barometer of the overall market environment. And by extension, they can be a gauge of the general confidence level for our various customers, customers like garage owners who are in themselves small businessmen, trying to forecast the future before making investments in longer-term items. Here again, the science for us are mixed. Equipment continued mildly favorable trends, but tool storage and diagnostics were down slightly showing no recovery. So as I said a mild favorability but no broad upswing. So in this uncertain environment we will continue to balance the need for operating improvement, balance that need with the investment in growth areas of strategic importance. We remain focused on the elements of our Snap-on value creation, areas like rapid continuous improvement or RCI, as we call it, innovation, customer connection, safety and quality. Those are the processes that have been so transformative in helping us weather this difficult environment and weather it with encouraging results. Speaking of results, our full-year organic sales were down 14% from 2008, but we’re reasonably encouraged that we are able to limit the impact of that downturn. On a sales decrease of about $390 million, the operating income change was contained to $118 million and that included an additional $7 million of restructuring spend. We believe that’s a strong testament to the improvements we’ve continue to make even in the turbulent times. Throughout the past year, we also continued to focus on those areas we believe will be strategically decisive for Snap-on for our operations going forward, maintain the health for our franchise network, expanding our presence in vehicle repair infrastructure segments, rolling the Snap-on brand out of the garage and into other mission-critical arenas and strengthening our physical capability in emerging markets. During the quarter and throughout the year we continue to invest and advance along each of those crucial dimensions. So now let’s move on to a discussion of the operating groups and of their progress in those strategic areas. The C&I Group posted its strongest quarter of the year with operating income of $21.7 million. As expected, we spent $5.7 million in the quarter on restructuring in that segment, primarily in Europe. SNA Europe, our European-based tools business; that operation continues to experience some of the largest sales declines in the segment, and that reflects the market, the operation it serves, and its strong concentration in the South of Europe which has been particularly hard hit by the recession. I think Spain still has a 17% or 18% unemployment rate, so it’s understandable. Appropriately therefore that business incurred the majority of the restructuring expense in the quarter. At SNA Europe, we are taking aggressive actions. We are acting to contain costs and to permanently reduce fixed expense while not taking out capacity because we believe the capacity will be needed when the markets recover. With the volume decline, inventory reduction efforts and restructuring costs, SNA Europe accounted for a major slice of C&I’s fourth quarter income decline from 2008. On the other hand, the results from the other C&I businesses in fourth quarter were fairly positive despite the market environment and a volume decline – despite that volume decline. Through RCI and reaping the benefits of past restructuring actions, the remaining C&I business had essentially offset the impact of the decline, an encouraging performance given the times, we believe. For example, the industrial division; now before the downturn this is a business that was expanding nicely and had achieved record sales in the fourth quarter of 2008. Sales were down in 2009 versus that record. There remains, however, continuing opportunity in industrial that we believe will accelerate in a sustained recovery. Mission-critical industries like railroads, aerospace, educational institutions, the military, emerging industries like wind power, these customers value the Snap-on brand reputation for productivity, reliability, and repeatability and they are embracing Snap-on innovation. Our industrial division registered significant wins in the past quarter in all of the industries I’ve mentioned and its sales showed double-digit sequential increase ahead of normal seasonality. We also saw some positive trends in equipment division, especially in North America, a strong seasonal increase versus the third quarter. As I said in the past, when it comes to innovation and RCI equipment is one of our great success story. In the fourth quarter, sales of alignment equipment were a real bright spot for us. Our Imaging Alignment technology is second to none and we believe that advantage is helping us gain share in the strategically important garage infrastructure space. The equipment business also made some fine improvements in the quarter in RCI, process cost reduction, design cost improvements and purchasing savings. They all combine to make equipment one of the big drivers of C&I profitability in the period. Moving on to the Tools Group where the fourth quarter was also the strongest of 2009. Earnings increased both sequentially and from the prior year. In fact, the fourth quarter operating income margin of 13.2% is the second highest recorded for any quarter by the Tools Group in over five years, encouraging given the sales levels. Sales were up about 2% from the third quarter, that’s about in line with normal seasonality; and while we are not seeing recovery on big ticket items, our hand tools continue to perform solidly, of course I think – I am sure I said this in the past that hand tools are the products where users can see the most immediate productivity increase and the quickest payback. So it stands to reason that Snap-on will perform well in that product line even in these times. Repair work after all is reasonably strong, the mechanics have cash, they may not have great visibility to the days ahead, but they are willing to spend in making today’s job easier and more productive and they are doing just that with Snap-on hand tools. In the past, I mentioned the importance of supporting our franchisees’ network and ensuring it remains strong. This was a strategic focus for us as we entered the downturn and as we managed through it; and we have had success in that goal both in the fourth quarter and throughout 2009. A number of actions we call Snap-on’s franchisees’ stimulus program seems to be working. Man count has held firm now for several quarters and our van turnover, our franchisee turnover continues at historical all-time lows. I will let Marty cover the finance company in detail but I will just say that the integration of Snap-on Credit is moving forward on plan without disruption to our customers and our franchisees. The credit company is a powerful asset to supporting our franchisees and maintaining that advantage was a key win for us in 2009. Now a word about Diagnostics & Information or D&I; that group had another relatively solid quarter. Organic sales were down from 2008 by 16.6% or $25.7 million and as in past quarters the declines were focused primarily at equipment solutions, or EQS, and Snap-on Business Solutions, SBS. Those are the businesses most directly impacted by the turmoil in the OEM dealership space in North America. Having said that, though, RCI and other cost reduction activities had limited the damage and kept operating income levels strong at $30 million for the period representing 23.2% of sales for the group. Beyond that, we are starting to see some glimmer of positive activity from the OEMs. They do seem to be moving forward with selected essential tool programs that have upside for EQS; and SBS, though challenged by dealership consolidation, is having some success in offsetting the declines with sales outside North America and in near adjacent markets, places like commercial vehicles and construction equipments. And through our handheld diagnostics business and Mitchell 1, Snap-on is expanding its presence in the garage infrastructure segment, providing integrated solutions, offering productive enhancements to the growing independent shop segment throughout North America. I think it is important to remember again that Snap-on is tied to auto repair rather than to the overall auto manufacturing industry, and we believe that the fundamental drivers of that repair segment remain positive. Miles driven are rising again and household spending on automotive repairs is increasing. The indicators remain favorable for the future for that sector. I will wrap up with emerging markets. We have been committed to moving forward on initiatives in Asia and Eastern Europe; we have been committed throughout the year, we have added distribution capabilities and launched new products, specifically designed for those new markets from band saws to power tools to under-car equipment; and then in the third quarter, we opened a new tool storage manufacturing facility in China and we launched our new plant in Belarus in the fourth quarter. With that Minsk plant, we not only added capabilities but we also created advantage in our cost structure. So those ongoing investments amidst this uncertain environment, we believe demonstrate our commitment to emerging markets. It also speaks to our balanced approach in managing through the turbulence pursuing cost reduction while investing for strategic advantage. Now I will turn the call over to Marty to cover the financials in more detail. Marty?
Marty Ellen: Thanks, Nick. I will begin with our consolidated operating results which are shown on slide six. Sales in the fourth quarter of $618 million increased 6.2% sequentially from the third quarter. Without currency, sales were up sequentially 5%. As compared to last year, reported sales in the quarter were down 7.4%; and absent foreign currency effects, organic sales declined 11.1% year over year. As Nick said, we were encouraged by the sequential sales increase in the quarter in light of the continued headwinds particularly affecting certain markets in Europe. Consolidated gross profit margin of 46% in the quarter increased 110 basis points from last year. Because of lower production volumes, primarily in Europe, excess capacity costs continue to pose a challenge; however, we were more than able to offset those with material cost reductions, savings from our RCI initiatives, benefits of cash restructuring and other cost reductions. The net effect was a 200 basis point gross margin improvement in the quarter. Gross margin was further aided by better sales mix, particularly in the Diagnostics & Information segment, which improved consolidated gross margin by another 110 basis points. On the downside restructuring costs, included in gross profit, reduced the gross margin by 85 basis points and currency when measured on a year-over-year basis reduced gross margin by another 90 basis points. LIFO gains in the quarter from our continued inventory reduction efforts were offset by certain higher inventory provisions and the liquidation of slower moving items. Operating expenses in the quarter of $213 million were up $1.8 million from prior year. We achieved $19.2 million from cost reduction and cost containment actions. We also benefitted from $4.7 million of lower restructuring costs that are recorded in operating expenses. These improvements allowed us to more than offset higher pension expense, higher mark-to-market incentive compensation expense, unfavorable currency of $7.4 million and certain other expense increases. Also, last year’s expenses did benefit by $5.4 million from a favorable pre-acquisition contingency adjustment at Snap-on Business Solutions. Total restructuring costs in both the fourth quarters of 2009 and 2008 were $6.7 million with the majority of this year’s relating to the Commercial & Industrial, or C&I segment. For the full-year, restructuring charges of $22 million were up $7.3 million from 2008. Of this $22 million, $18.2 million was in the C&I segment, primarily to improve the segment’s cost structure in Europe. As communicated during the third quarter call, we expected that financial services would again incur an operating loss this quarter following the July16 termination of the joint venture with CIT. The operating loss in the fourth quarter for financial services was $3.8 million, which was within the range previously communicated to you. We will cover financial services in more detail later including the dispute with CIT that was disclosed in today’s press release. Again, with this quarter’s press release we have included supplemental earnings and balance sheet schedules, which separate our financial services segment from the other operations of Snap-on. This will now be our standard practice. Interest expense in the quarter increased $6 million year over year as a results of higher debt levels. In 2009, we issued $550 million of fixed rate long-term notes. The proceeds on these notes are being used for general corporate purposes and most importantly for the funding of Snap-on Credits on balance sheet portfolio. After the year-end, we did repay $150 million of floating rate notes that matured in January. Our fourth quarter effective income tax rate of 31.4% compares favorably to 32.6% in the fourth quarter of last year. And finally, net earnings of $36.6 million or $0.63 per diluted share increased 44.1% sequentially from the third quarter of 2009. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2008 net earnings declined $22 million or 37.5%. Of this decline, $13.5 million resulted from the after-tax impact of lower financial services earnings, as well as higher interest expense. With that I will now turn to our segment results. Starting with the C&I Group on slide seven, segment sales of $302 million improved 13.9% sequentially from third quarter levels. Compared to last year, organic sales in the quarter declined 12.2% primarily due to the continued economic downturn that is particularly affecting certain European markets, most notably Spain. On a year-over-year basis, equipment sales in North America were up mid single digits and sales in Asia were up mid double digits. Gross margin in the C&I segment was 33.6%. Before $4.7 million of restructuring charges, gross margin was 35.2% down 230 basis points on a comparable basis with last year. The effects of sales mix and excess capacity costs created by lower production volumes including our inventory reduction efforts were partially offset by material and other cost reductions resulting in a net reduction in gross margin of a 155 basis points. Since year-end 2008, inventories in the C&I segment, excluding currency, were reduced by $76 million. Operating expenses in the quarter declined $4.6 million from prior year. This improvement is principally due to savings from ongoing restructuring and other cost reduction initiatives of $6.5 million, as well as lower sales volume related expenses. Currency translation increased operating expenses by $4.2 million. Operating earnings for the quarter of $21.7 million include $5.7 million of restructuring charges. Before restructuring, the operating margin was 9.1% compared to 12.4% on a comparable basis in last year’s fourth quarter, and improved from 5.3% on a comparable basis with the third quarter of 2009. Turning now to slide eight; on a world-wide basis, organic sales in the Snap-on Tools Group declined 3.7%, year over year. Van count in the US at year end was comparable to both the third quarter 2009 as well as year-end 2008. In our international franchise operations, organic sales in the quarter were down 3.5%. Gross margin in the Snap-on Tools Group increased to 45.4% in the quarter compared to 41.6% last year. Without restructuring costs in both years the gross margin improvement was about 340 basis points. Currency reduced gross margin by about 100 basis points. Material cost reductions and favorable factory utilization rates against last year significantly improved gross margin by about 385 basis points. Fourth quarter inventory reductions resulted in LIFO gains of about $6.7 million, but this was offset by increased inventory provisions and the liquidation of slower moving items. Operating expenses in the quarter were down $4.4 million from 2008, notwithstanding currency headwinds of $2.5 million. Expenses declined due to lower volume and from savings of $8.5 million due to RCI initiatives, benefits from prior restructuring actions, and other cost containment initiatives. Also restructuring costs recorded in operating expenses were lower by $2.9 million. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings of 13.2 % in the quarter improved significantly from both 7.8% last year and 11.9% in the third quarter. Before restructuring costs, operating earnings improved 39.2% compared to the fourth quarter of last year on a comparable basis. Turning to the Diagnostics & Information, or D&I Group, which is shown on slide nine; fourth quarter sales of $129 million declined 15.6%. Before currency, the decline was 16.6%. The segment sales decline was primarily due to lower sales to OEM dealerships. Gross profit margin of 53.2% in the quarter improved considerably over 46.7% a year ago benefiting from an improved sales mix of higher margin diagnostics and software products. RCI and other cost improvements more or less offset $2 million of higher amortized product development costs. Operating earnings of $30 million in the quarter for the D&I Group declined $4.3 million from prior year. Last year’s operating income included a $5.4 million reduction of a pre-acquisition contingent liability associated with Snap-on Business Solutions. Cost savings from RCI and other cost reduction initiatives more than offset the income decline from the lower sales. Now turning to slide 10; the comparisons for financial services reflect the July 16 termination of the Snap-on Credit joint venture with CIT. Since that date, we no longer sell contracts to CIT and record gains on sale. Rather, we are building over time an on-balance sheet interest yielding portfolio. The fourth quarter loss of $3.8 million was within the range we communicated last quarter. In the fourth quarter, Snap-on Credit grew its on-book portfolio by $137 million. Moving to slide 11; at 2009 year-end, our balance sheet includes gross financial services receivables of $398 million, including $267 million at Snap-on Credit. Of this amount, $227 million are extending credit loans to technicians. As you know, Snap-on Credit continues to manage the one-off portfolio contracts owned by CIT, which totaled $590 million at year end. We presently expect the portfolio on our books to grow by about $80 million in the first quarter and by about $300 million for all of next year. The net cash requirements of our international finance portfolios are substantially self funding. Port folio loss and delinquency trends continue to be in line with our expectations. Now turning to slide 12; consolidated operating cash flow was $96.7 million for the quarter and $347 million for the year. Both substantially ahead of the year-ago amounts. As disclosed in our earnings release this morning, we filed a notice of arbitration on January 8 regarding a dispute with CIT relating to various underpayments made during the course of the joint venture. As a result of this dispute, we withheld $81.5 million against our claim which seeks approximately $115 million. On January 29, CIT filed its response denying our claim and asserting certain claims against Snap-on for other matters relating to the joint venture. CIT’s claim alleges damages in excess of $110 million, which does include the return of the $81.5 million retained by Snap-on as of year-end. This amount is included in other accrued liabilities on our year-end balance sheet. At this early stage, no determination can be made as to the likely outcome of this dispute. With respect to this matter, cash provided by operating activities includes only $10 million in the fourth quarter and only $20 million for the full year. Free cash flow from operations exclusive of our financial services was $110 million for the quarter compared to only $14 million last year. For the year, free cash flow from operations excluding financial services was $290 million compared to $125 million last year. Free cash flow from financial services was as expected, an outflow in the quarter of about $100 million and $191 million for the full year. In the quarter, capital spending of $16.1 million included investments and our plant in Minsk and continued expansion of our facilities in China. In the quarter, we also completed the headquarters and R&D facility for our automotive parts and services information business in Richfield, Ohio. As seen on slide 13; trade and other receivables decreased $48 million from 2008 year-end primarily due to lower sales. Day sales outstanding for trade and other receivables was 63 days at 2009 year-end as compared to 58 days last year. However, adjusting for currency, last year’s DSO would have been 62 days. Inventories at the end of the quarter were down $12 million from last quarter and down $85 million for the year. On the trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns were 4.1 times, but on a trailing three-month basis improved to 4.8 times. Net debt at the end of the quarter was $367 million. Our net debt to capital ratio of 22.2% compares to 25.2% at year end and 21.5% last quarter. If we exclude the $81.5 million of cash withheld for the CIT dispute, our year-end net debt to capital ratio would have been 25.8%. Cash at year end was nearly $700 million. As I already mentioned, we repaid $150 million of long-term notes in January. In addition to our cash and cash flow from operations, we continue to maintain a $500 million revolving credit facility which does not expire until August 2012. We also have another $20 million of committed bank lines. At year-end, the full $520 million of borrowing capacity was available. In addition to these facilities, our current A2/P2 short-term credit rating allows us to access the commercial paper market should we choose to do so. At quarter-end, no commercial paper was outstanding. Our liquidity position and access to credit continues to remain strong. This concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance. Before turning the call back to Nick to provide his final thoughts, I would like to mention some considerations for our 2010 outlook as covered in our press release. Next year, we expect to realize approximately $25 million of year-over-year savings from our 2009 restructuring activities. We also currently expect to incur approximately $18 million to $22 million of restructuring costs. We also expect next year to incur approximately $20 million of higher year-over-year pension expense. Finally, capital expenditures in 2010 are anticipated to be in a range of $55 million to $60 million and we anticipate an effective income tax rate next year of approximately 33.5%. With that, I will now turn the call back over to Nick. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks Marty. Well, that’s our take on the quarter. We are encouraged by the results, both financially and strategically. The challenges do continue but our Snap-on value creation processes are serving as well. Consider that OI percent for the year was 230 basis points higher than the last time our sales were below $2.5 billion, in 2006, not so long ago. That’s evidence of real improvement. We also believe we progressed and achieved strategically. Our franchisee network has been kept solid in the storm. We continue to make inroads in critical industries taking the Snap-on brand and product lines to new places. We are gaining share in the key segment of repair garage infrastructure and we get stronger in emerging markets every quarter. I know many of our franchisees and associates are listening around the world. So I will close simply by observing that none of this progress would have been possible without your support. I congratulate you for your achievement, and I thank you for your commitment and your contribution to our team. Now, I will turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our first question today will come from Jim Lucas, Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jim Lucas -- Janney Montgomery Scott: Good morning all.
Nick Pinchuk: Good morning, Jim.
Jim Lucas -- Janney Montgomery Scott: I wanted to start first with just a couple of housekeeping questions. The vitality index percentage of sales from new products, where did that stand in 2009?
Nick Pinchuk: The percentage of sales from new products, we don’t actually track that carefully in terms of our business. I am not a -- we track the general introduction of products but we don’t track it as a percent of sales because at the end it’s sort of when you get to the bottom of the order of new products, sometimes you have difficulty whether it is really a new product or just a new paint job or a new plastic covering. I will say though that we’ve had a pretty robust product and I can name a litany of our products from power tools to equipment to hand tools that have come out. I think a good barometer of this is when we have the franchisee conference in the late summer, there were 60 or 70 new products just introduced at that forum. So while we don’t track it we feel that it has been growing actually, our new product profile has been growing.
Jim Lucas -- Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, fair enough. Then just from a geographic standpoint, could you bring us up to date of you mix of North America and Europe and where the emerging market stands as a percentage of overall sales and wanted to transition from there. You alluded a little bit in your prepared remarks with regards to the progress you are making on the emerging markets side, but in addition on the new markets, I was just curious, are there any particular markets that you are doing better than others? You had mentioned on the last conference call that you had to go back and change some of the product offering to go after some of these new market opportunities and just wanted to get an update there as well.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, let me talk about emerging markets. The Asia-Pacific markets, you can tag it at about $100 million, that’s roughly what we are selling in that business. This year, we have some good news and bad news out of that market. The exports out of the market have obviously been a little bit down reflecting the developed markets (inaudible) downturn. The business in China and India to name two are up very strongly, but for us that’s a smaller base in terms of the total. The businesses in Southeast Asia are down reflecting the currency problems in Indonesia and the Philippines. Our European business – I think European business, you can say that our business outside the United States in total is about 40% plus, outside the US – 42% I think. And that’s been about steady over the last several quarters. That answer your question for geographic?
Jim Lucas -- Janney Montgomery Scott: Yes, that does on a geography side.
Nick Pinchuk: And the other piece of the question, you are talking about the individual like critical industries, is that what you wanted?
Jim Lucas -- Janney Montgomery Scott: Yes.
Nick Pinchuk: We continue to make some progress in, I would say natural resources, in terms of that business that seems to be selling fairly well around the world in places like Mexico and in places like – even in Europe. So we had some reasonably good wins in that area. Actually aerospace, we had some good wins in the past quarter with Gulf Stream and some other people. We saw some wins in the government. And education while down quarter to quarter because third quarter is always a big one in education, it was still pretty strong. Suffice it to say that the industrial business, which is driven by those mission-critical industries these days, is up quarter to quarter sequentially.  So, we were pretty encouraged by that. I think what we’ve seen, Jim, is that the industrial business entered the recession late. It had a gangbusters quarter last year in the fourth quarter. The first part of the first quarter of ’09, it was still reasonably strong and then it dropped off some, and what we are seeing is them recover. I am mildly encouraged by what I saw in the results. I also met with several hundred of the salesmen; we had them in for their annual conference. And while we’ve talked about people from Louisiana in oil and gas or people from Washington selling to the government or people from the West Coast in aerospace, they seem optimistic. So we're looking for some mild optimism in that area.
Jim Lucas -- Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. Then with regards to any commentary you can give with regards to what you are seeing on the pricing front? And more specific with regards to material prices, are you beginning to see any inflationary pressures?
Nick Pinchuk: No. We don’t really have any significant pricing in our numbers this year. We had some good progress in terms of material cost reduction. When we look out in the future, we do see some movement, for example one of our big buy is steel; we buy about 70 million. I guess, it’s not a big buy compared to some people but – and it’s a mix view. Steel rod, for example, which is hand tools, went down then went up slightly in the summertime. Now it seems to be going down again. Steel plates, the equipment, which equipment uses, that's been flat and tool storage, which use coal rolls, coal rolls is creeping up. I don’t worry about this too much as long as the gains aren’t tremendously precipitous because we’ve had a history in Snap-on because we are premium product and being able to price. So generally if material costs eke up, we can get it back in price. So I am not too worried about that being an impact for us.
Jim Lucas -- Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay.
Operator: Next we will hear from David Leiker with Robert W. Baird.
Keith Schicker -- Robert W. Baird & Co.: Hi, good morning. It's Keith Schicker on the line for David.
Nick Pinchuk: Keith, how are you?
Keith Schicker -- Robert W. Baird & Co.: I am doing well. Couple bigger picture earnings type questions here. I think in the past you’ve always commented directionally on how you felt earnings were going to go on the next quarter. I didn’t see that in the press release this morning and I was just wondering if you had anything to add about the next quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t think, I don't think there was any information in that omission actually. I think we feel about the same. I think our view of the future is that we feel we don’t have good visibility in terms of the sales, in terms of volume. As I said in my remarks, we have some mild optimism in this mixed result. We are watching Europe very closely, it hasn’t come back and that recovery had lagged. But, looking out in the future I am confident of our strategic investments and we did say in prior calls before the downturn hit that we expect to grow at mid single digits, 5% to 6% organically and I am pleased with the progress we made in the strategic areas, that is maintaining our network, penetrating critical industries which I just talked about. We are gaining share in garage infrastructure and the emerging markets. So I think as the markets rebound, whenever that is – I think it’s going to happen for us just like everybody else -- I think we are going to see that mid single-digit sales growth. On the other hand – on the other side of this is absence that growth we still feel pretty good as we did prior quarter in the fourth quarter -- in prior calls, about our Snap-on value creation processes and their ability to bring improvement out of the same levels of volume. So as we go forward given the same volume we believe we can improve. We have opportunity to do that.
Keith Schicker -- Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. Thanks. And if I think about revenue in 2010 versus 2009, would I be right to conclude that in sort of a flat final demand situation, your sales might be up because we don’t need to do any inventory correction during 2010. Is that the right way to think about that?
Nick Pinchuk: Well, arithmetically, of course, if destocking ends, say, in Europe, SNA Europe is where mostly we sell through distributors. That's our big distributor play and there are other places, but that's just in terms of volume. Arithmetically, of course. If destocking ends and end markets stay at the same level we will see an uptick. The caveat I would give you there is there can be some minor destocking at end customers where you are selling to a factory and they have a tool crib and that factory has been at half capacity for a long time and they come back and so they have a little bit. That’s a minor effect, but it is an effect. And then the other effect for us is the mix among markets. We look at this carefully. We're seeing some unfreezing in Europe, in the UK, in Sweden, in Germany, but Spain is still very weak. So it’s possible for those markets to be going in different directions in terms of demand and I am not sure where the balance will be. But arithmetically you are correct. If distributors stop restocking and all things remain equal and the markets remain equal, then we'll see an uptick.
Keith Schicker -- Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, that’s great. And then lastly, could you just comment on I guess the pace of business that you saw through the fourth quarter and we're a month into 2010, granted it's January, but how things have gone so far in the early part of the year.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think I said it in the – I think we believe the fourth quarter was up sequentially. There was some mild optimism in there and that played out December. Some of the areas in December were fairly positive for us. I think it’s best to say my crystal ball is not that good, because when I compare it to third quarter, I'm comparing to a damaged third quarter again, even though we're equal seasonality wise. Now, I will say, we were pleased with the industrial business. I just talked to the industrial guys and I must have talked to more than a hundred of them from all over the country, actually all over the world. And they all seemed optimistic. But I'm still from Missouri with regarding volume. So we'll see how it goes. I think we entered the year reasonably okay, but nothing to say, “Boy, it’s an indication of an upswing.”
Keith Schicker -- Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, that’s great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Prestopino, Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino -- Barrington Research: Good morning, everyone.
Nick Pinchuk: Hi, Gary.
Gary Prestopino -- Barrington Research: Marty, I think you may have done this directionally. You gave us some guidance on where you think the financial services operating income will be in prior quarters as we exit 2010, or am I incorrect in that assessment?
Marty Ellen: That’s correct.
Gary Prestopino -- Barrington Research: Is it still where you said it was -- where you think it was going to be, I think it was somewhere $30 million to $40 million, is that right?
Marty Ellen: Well, I think what I said in the past was we -- looking at one or two quarters out, that first of all, in the fourth quarter we have a loss of $3 million to $5 million. We reported $3.8 million. So we are right within that range. I also had said that rolling forward another quarter into Q1, probably breakeven, we maybe $1 million or so under that number. But the trajectory from there that I’ve talked about in terms of – it’s actually taking the growth in the portfolio and looking at the interest yield on that, given more or less most of their expenses being fixed should give you the trajectory. So if you think about Q3 to Q4, and I would remind everybody that the earnings we had in Q3 included some gains in the first part of July, up until the termination, stripped those gains out you saw more or less about $5 million improvement sequentially.  And if you do the math on the portfolio growth at roughly 15% to 16% yield you pretty much get there. But you have to remember, too, going forward, Gary, that that sort of $4 million to $5 million improvement can't -- it's not linear sort of indefinitely. There is going to be at some point here an increase at a little bit of a decreasing rate. There are some longer-term contracts beyond the term of the extended credit contracts that will take a longer time to roll from their portfolio, our portfolio. But at least for the next few quarters, I would tell you maybe it will be off $1 million or so in Q1 from break-even. Expect though that trajectory that I talked about for the next few quarters to hold.
Gary Prestopino -- Barrington Research: Okay. That’s helpful. If I hear you right, overall US markets are somewhat more stable than they had been for the prior couple of quarters. Certain countries in Europe are still an issue overall. But you are seeing some stability in the US, is that correct?
Nick Pinchuk: Correct.
Gary Prestopino -- Barrington Research: Okay. Now in terms of Europe, though, you cited a couple of countries, UK, Germany, I couldn't write down the last one
Nick Pinchuk: Sweden.
Gary Prestopino -- Barrington Research: -- showing maybe some of the stability that the US is showing.
Nick Pinchuk: Right.
Gary Prestopino -- Barrington Research:
 :
Nick Pinchuk: Gary, the big issue for us is Spain. We have, ballpark, 20% of our business is in Spain -- our European business is in Spain. So we are overrepresented there I think so that’s part of our difficulty.
Gary Prestopino -- Barrington Research: Okay, so really it’s – Spain is mainly the key issue there?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, we have business in Greece, in Italy, and places like that. So you can talk about that. But your ballpark, you're talking in that range. So we have – we watch that carefully and if Spain has a problem it affects us maybe more than you might expect in other places.
Gary Prestopino -- Barrington Research: Okay, thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Next we will hear from Holly Sankar [ph] with Wolf Baker Investments [ph].
Holly Sankar -- Wolf Baker Investments: Hi, good morning. I have a quick question on financial services. So when I look at the guidance you have on slide 11 for 2010, you are talking about $300 million of anticipated portfolio increase, so how should I think about that then given in the past you’ve grown your portfolio every quarter by somewhere between $120 million and $130 million, and it looks like it accelerated up to $132 million in the last quarter. Is this $300 million just what rolls off from CAB [ph], or how do you get to this number?
Marty Ellen: It’s, no. But it's the net portfolio increase, so remember, as we're building our portfolio, we are not only originating new contract we are beginning to collect payments on the prior contracts we’ve funded. So you are really looking at our additions if you will net of our collections. In essence what we are trying to help people with is, understanding the cash flow requirements that we need to fund over that time frame.
Holly Sankar -- Wolf Baker Investments: Got it. So how would that map to originations?
Marty Ellen: Well, we provided you with origination data for the quarter and if you historically we are in the $120 million to $130 million range globally. That’s a global number, not just a Snap-on Credit number. And actually that number was up a little bit. We are actually seeing some increased penetration in the Snap-on Credit business as a result really of our end customers having fewer financing choices and therefore actually benefits our business. But more or less that number hasn’t changed much, if you go back and look at their annual origination, not a lot of change, pretty flat. So that’s not going to change much but we begin to collect cash from customers whose loans were originated on our books.
Holly Sankar -- Wolf Baker Investments: Got it. Okay. And one last question on that subject which is on the yield. I know in the past you’ve talked about 15% to 17% yield. Are you seeing any changes in the yields, higher or lower from credit, or that yields on treasuries?
Marty Ellen: No.
Holly Sankar -- Wolf Baker Investments: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We currently have no questions in the queue. I’d now turn the conference back over to Nick Pinchuk for any closing or additional remarks.
Nick Pinchuk: No, I don't think we have any, any closing remarks. We'll just thank everybody for joining the call and I'll end the call. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Martin M. Ellen – Chief Financial Officer  Nicholas T. Pinchuk – Chief Executive Officer 
Analysts: James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. [Siever Wong] – H.F.P. Capital Steve Surrell - Conning Asset Management 
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2009 third quarter results conference call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference call, Mr. Marty Ellen, Chief Financial Officer. You may begin your conference.
Martin M. Ellen:  Thank you [Mar]. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s third quarter 2009 results. By now you should have seen our press release issued this morning. Joining me today is Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s CEO. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. I will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results, and afterwards we’ll take your questions. Consistent with past practice we will use slides to help illustrate our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today’s call.  Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings.  This call is copyrighted material by Snap-on Incorporated. It is intended solely for the purpose of this audience. Therefore it cannot be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast by any means without Snap-on’s express permission. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Nick. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk:  Thanks Marty. Good morning everybody. Well, the economic headwinds continue to prove challenging and in this environment Snap-on seeks to limit the impact of the uncertainty. We seek to keep improving on execution and we’re going to continue investing in our prime strategic initiatives. In that context, I think it’s fair to say we’re encouraged by our overall results and in particular with the sequential progress of both the Commercial Industrial and the Snap-on’s Tools groups. Those improvements came in what is seasonally our slowest quarter, so it’s clear that the period’s actual performance confirms the continued strengthening of our company. The benefits of our Snap-on value creation processes were again evident over the last three months. Marty’s going to discuss as usual the financial results in detail, but I want to take a few minutes to highlight some of the elements of the quarter to provide you a bit of perspective on what we see in our markets and to discuss our approach in navigating what are proving to be some turbulent times.  For the overall corporation, sales were down from last year by nearly 17%, 13.6% if you exclude the impact of currency. However, that year-over-year decline narrowed significantly from the second quarter. The third quarter’s normally slow for us but in 2009 the sequential decline was only about half of what we’ve seen in other years. In fact our Commercial Industrial segment or CNI actually saw sequential increase in organic sales. Now while that gain was slight, an uptick of any magnitude in the third quarter is very unusual in this segment. Remember, CNI has a substantial presence in Europe and they had to overcome the summer vacation slowdown, so we were quite encouraged by the results. Another positive was the sale of what we call big ticket items. This includes diagnostic products and tool storage units sold through our Snap-on Tools group. It also applies to larger capital investment type equipment; aligners, tire changers and balancers sold through the CNI group.  In the Tools group, handheld diagnostics sold well. Those are the units where technicians can see direct productivity benefits with their purchases and we have some great new products to induce interest in that area. At the same time, there was weakness in selling tool storage units through the franchisees. These products by their nature are more discretionary and in the current economic uncertainty, mechanics appear again reluctant to make a commitment to these type of products. As far as equipment, you might recall that in the second quarter we saw some moderate recovery, particularly in North America. And we’re pleased that the improving trend continued in the third quarter and even Europe showed some mild strength in that product. So with big ticket items we believe the trends may indicate some strengthening. Equipment and diagnostic units, which have clear productivity benefits, seem to be showing mild gains. Tool storage, which has a less direct efficiency value, was again challenged in the period. That’s the big ticket story. On the overall economic and business environment, we did see some positive trends. However, I think everybody would say there’s still much uncertainty, especially in Europe. And as I said in this morning’s release it’s impossible to predict the shape or in fact the timing of any recovery. So we continue to focus on many other things that we do directly control; on improving our performance, on relentlessly driving the Snap-on value creation processes like safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement or as we call it here RCI. We can’t predict economic trends, but we can testify that going forward Snap-on will continue to improve in each of those areas. Now let’s touch on the operating groups. The results in the Commercial Industrial segment were very encouraging. Every operating division in this segment showed favorable sales trends, with the year-over-year declines moderating from the prior period. Profits were up nearly $11 million from the second quarter on a $9 million increase in sales. The benefits from RCI and from restructuring both proved strong in the quarter. Even before the global downturn however, we’d been working hard to lower the structural costs of our CNI businesses and were seeing the benefits. As previewed in July, we spent $4.5 million in the quarter on restructuring in the CNI segment, primarily in Europe. And we expect to spend a similar amount in the fourth quarter. In fact, most of the more than $15 million in restructuring incurred so far this year has been in CNI and CNI Europe, and I’d say that’s appropriate given the market conditions in that region.  As I said in prior calls however, I think it’s worth noting we’re not taking out significant capacity. We fully expect we’ll need those capabilities when the markets inevitably turn. I think I would describe our program as controlled restructuring; not big bang cuts, but aimed at reducing structural costs and improving productivity while we still maintain our ability to serve a fully recovered customer base. SNA Europe, our European tool business, showed sequential profit improvement on seasonally lower sales in the period. The business there did continue to deal with distributor restocking. However, we are seeing some indication that this field inventory shrinkage is moderating. But while we may receive some benefit from that favorable trend in the future, the overall market still remains weak. Of all our businesses, SNA Europe is being impacted the most by the uncertainty. Even within Europe the economic conditions vary by geography, with the north generally showing more tangible signs of recovery. I think you see that in the third quarter GDP numbers. And the south remaining very weak. You may remember by the way that SNA Europe has a very strong position in Spain, which has been particularly hard hit in the downturn, unemployment nearing 20% and some of the toughest GDP metrics in the world. So in that situation, cost control is paramount for SNA Europe. And it should be expected, the operation’s been focused on RCI and a number of other cost reduction activities. And we saw the benefits in the sequential progress evidenced in the past quarter. For the equipment business, I spoke earlier about the sales declines moderating from those experienced in the first half of the year. But in this business, the real story is RCI and innovation. Equipment also achieved some strong sequential improvements in profitability on seasonally lower sales. Cost reduction played a strong role. But new product contributed as well. And we have more new product coming in the future. I spoke to you last quarter about the launch of the Quadriga, the world’s most advanced tire changer. We knew it was a great product and that conviction was confirmed in September when it was named by Motor Magazine as one of the top 20 [audio] for 2009. We’ve said that expanding in the repair garage infrastructure is an important strategic initiative even in the downturn. Well the Quadriga is a step forward in that area. The third quarter also saw improvement in the North American industrial division, where we had seen a relatively large fall off in the second quarter. While year-over-year sales were down, the decline was about half of what we saw in the second quarter. And some critical customer segments, such as the government business, bounced right back. And one real bright spot was vocational training and education where we saw strength and positive comparisons even year-over-year. This is a critical area where we’ve been very focused and our efforts seem to be paying dividends. Now moving from CNI to the Snap-on Tools group, the group’s sales were down sequential about 6%, slightly better than the seasonal trend. As we’ve seen through the downturn, hand tool sales with their immediate productivity boost and their short payback, have remained relatively stable. And as indicated before, big ticket items were still mixed. Segment profits however improved both sequentially and from last year, despite the lower sales. The evidence of RCI is showing in our results.  It’s heartening, especially for our associates. They do live RCI every day and it’s satisfying when they see the direct benefits of their efforts. It’s also great when they’re recognized for their efforts. That happened recently when our Milwaukee hand tool plant was named by Industry Week as a finalist for their Best Plant Award. That’s a competition that searches across North America for excellence in manufacturing and continuous improvement. It’s quite an honor for the Milwaukee plant associates and I congratulate them on their accomplishment. In the DNI segment sales were down organically from the second quarter by about 4.7% or $5 million. This segment tends to have sales variability from quarter-to-quarter based on the timing of software releases. After the strong software sales on the second quarter, profits were down by $2 million, roughly in line with our expectation. But it’s worth remembering that our DNI businesses have remained quite strong throughout the downturn. Another topic that’s been discussed in the past and again is worth repeating is related to the term aisle in the automotive dealership segment. Everybody reads about it. While we do operate in this space, we have a limited direct dependence on this segment. Our equipment solutions activity, our products in that area, does continue to be down significantly year-over-year. Some of this relates to the lumpy program-based nature of the business. However, some can be attributed to the financial hardships of the OEM dealerships. Snap-on business solutions that also operates in this sector has remained reasonably solid, and we feel confident that it can find offsets in adjacent markets to limit the impact of shrinkage in the U.S. dealership population. In the end, it’s again worth remembering that these divisions represent just 11% of our corporation’s sales. Snap-on’s overall business of course is tied primarily to vehicle repair activity, wherever it’s performed, and the general fundamentals there remain strong. While the encouraging financial results are important, equally crucial is our progress in the strategic areas we know will be decisive for our future. Part of the way Snap-on creates value is through the processes that take advantage of our connection with customers and our tradition of innovation. We have over 4,700 vans and 3,000 direct salesmen worldwide. That’s a lot of customer touches. And we flow the insights from those interactions into our innovation processes and development facilities, and it’s paying off. Snap-on was again awarded three MOTOR Magazine Top 20 Tool Awards and that was for the third year in a row. We’ve already spoke about the extraordinary Quadriga Tire Changer. Also winning was the Snap-on Low Profile Ratchet and Socket Set. It’s a design that’s 33% shorter than the competition, allows for work in the tightest of spaces and that’s a huge advantage as cars become smaller and engine compartments become tighter. The third winner was the VERUS, our fully integrated handheld diagnostics tool. Not only is it a powerful diagnostic unit, but it also provides access to the Internet, catalogs, technical forms, part specifications and repair information all available car side.  I just spoke about the strength of big ticket diagnostics. VERUS was a major factor. It’s this type of innovation that’s allowing us to weather the storm and we’re committed to making investments in new products that pay benefits by making work easier and faster, by improving productivity. The success of that effort in the third quarter proves again that innovation sells even in tough economic times. We’re also remaining diligent in maintaining the health of our franchisee network and we’re confident we’re seeing positive results in that area. I spoke to you last quarter about our Snap-on Stimulus Package and a number of other activities we’ve taken to aid franchisees in a downturn. We’re providing them with great new products like the VERUS and Low Profile Ratchets. Our training programs are showing them new ways to sell and to save. And all of this seems to be helping. Franchisee turnover is at record low levels and our van count is stable, up slightly even in these times. We also continue to invest in emerging markets. Construction continues on our new plant in Belarus. Also in September we opened our new tool storage facility in China within our manufacturing complex at [Quin Chong]. I was there at the opening. The new plant is state-of-the-art. The workforce is enthusiastic and capable. The quality is strong. And we believe the plant will have a great future.  Now Marty will talk in a minute in some detail about Snap-on Credit and about the effects of transitioning to a wholly owned finance company. I just want to point out that the move has been seamless to our customers and that’s a great compliment to the team of associates that has worked so hard to bring the credit company home. Finally I think I want to say as we look forward to the fourth quarter, we’re cautious about the environment. It is difficult to predict market movement in turbulence. Now it’s true so far in 2009 Snap-on has seen great progress, authored by RCI, innovation and our other value creation processes and by our investments in the strategic areas of importance. We fully expect that that advancement will continue well into the fourth quarter and for periods well beyond. Now Marty will take you through the financial details. Marty?
Marty Ellen:  Thanks Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6. Reported sales in the third quarter of $582 million were down 16.6% from last year. Absent the effects of foreign currency, the year-over-year organic sales decline was 13.6%. As Nick said, the third quarter is seasonally low for us and sales did decline sequentially, but at a much lower seasonal rate of decline than historically experienced. Our consolidated gross profit margin of 44.8% in the quarter increased 10 basis points from last year. Major factors increasing gross margin were improved mix, particularly diagnostics and software based products, which added 90 basis points, and a 110 basis point improvement due to LIFO inventory reductions. We continued to carry manufacturing capacity costs due both to lower demand and to achieve targeted inventory reductions. Manufacturing capacity carrying costs, particularly in Europe, and net of cost improvements which include about $10 million of material cost reductions, caused a 50 basis point margin reduction.  Additionally, higher restructuring costs reduced gross margin by 70 basis points and the negative currency effect on cross border product blows reduced gross margin by another 70 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter declined $24.1 million from prior year levels, principally due to $18.7 million in savings from RCI, restructuring and other cost reduction initiatives. Lower sales volumes and currency further reduced operating expenses.  Pension expense increased by about $3 million in the quarter as a result of last year’s decline in pension asset values. We expect a similar increase in pension expense in the fourth quarter.  Again this quarter currency was a headwind compared to year ago exchange rates. First, currency translation reduced reported U.S. dollar sales in the quarter by $21 million, contributing a $1.9 million decline in operating income. As I mentioned, we have currency exposure to cross border product blows, the most significant related to our Snap-on branded products manufactured in the U.S. and sold by our international franchisees. This exposure reduced gross margin by $3.9 million when compared to year ago exchange rates. So in total, currency reduced consolidated operating income in the quarter by $5.8 million on a year-over-year basis. Year-to-date currency has reduced 2009 operating income by $27.1 million when compared to last year. We communicated to you last quarter to expect continued higher levels of restructuring spending in response to the economic climate. In the third quarter restructuring costs of $4.7 million were up considerably from the $1.4 million recorded last year. $4.5 million of this year’s restructuring relates to the commercial and industrial segment, primarily to improve the segment’s cost structure in Europe. Year-to-date restructuring expenses are $15.3 million of which $12.5 million relates to the CNI segment. For the nine months, restructuring costs are up $7.3 million from last year. We intend to spend about another $5 to $7 million in the fourth quarter, with a majority of this related to the CNI segment. Our full year 2009 restructuring programs are anticipated to yield about $38 million in annualized savings. Before Financial Services and without restructuring charges in both years, our 2009 third quarter operating margin was 10.1% compared to 11.9% last year. We believe our RCI, restructuring and other cost containment actions are enabling us to maintain reasonable margin performance during this prolonged recession.  As communicated during the sequential call we expected that Financial Services would incur an operating loss this quarter as a result of the July 16 termination of the Financial Services joint venture agreement with CIT. The operating loss in the third quarter for Financial Services was $5.3 million. This compares to operating income of $4.8 million last year. We’ll cover Financial Services in more detail later. You should also note that included with today’s press release are supplemental earnings and balance sheet schedules which separate our Financial Services segment from the operations of Snap-on. Interest expense in the quarter increased $6 million year-over-year as a result of higher debt levels. In the first quarter we issued $300 million of fixed rate 5 and 10 year unsecured notes and in the third quarter we issued $250 million of fixed rate 12 year unsecured notes. The proceeds from these debt issuances are being used for general corporate purposes and most importantly for the funding of Snap-on’s Credit’s on balance sheet financed receivables.  Our third quarter effective income tax rate was 29.3% as compared to 33.4% in the prior year period. The lower effective tax rate primarily resulted from the resolution of certain tax matters, increased earnings associated with non-controlling interests which are not taxable to Snap-on, and a shift in geographic mix of earnings. The effect of the lower tax rate contributed approximately $0.02 to third quarter EPS.  And finally, net earnings of $25.4 million or $0.44 per diluted share declined $29.2 million. Of this decline, almost half or $13.8 million was due to the aggregate effects the decline in Financial Services earnings, higher restructuring costs and higher interest expense. With that I will now turn to our segment results. Starting with the Commercial and Industrial group on Slide 7, segment sales of $265.4 million declined 17.2% without currency, primarily due to the continued global recession and distributor de-stocking. Gross margin in the CNI segment of 30.6% was down from the 37.6% achieved last year. Approximately 140 basis points of the decline was due to $3.5 million of higher restructuring charges. Manufacturing capacity carrying costs primarily at our SNA Europe tools business, net of material cost reductions and RCI improvements, contributed most of the remainder of the gross margin decline.  As you know we have scaled back production in light of lower customer demand and to achieve greater inventory reduction and cash flow. The upside to this under-absorption of manufacturing expenses was an additional $22 million inventory reduction, excluding currency, across the CNI segment in the quarter which contributed importantly to our strong cash flow. Since year end 2008, inventories in the CNI segment excluding currency have been reduced by nearly $62 million.  Operating expenses in the quarter declined $16 million from prior year levels, principally due to savings from ongoing RCI, restructuring and other cost containment initiatives of $7.1 million, lower sales related expenses and $4.1 million due to currency. As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the CNI group declined $29.8 million year-over-year, although sequentially operating earnings improved by $10.8 million. Turning now to Slide 8, on a worldwide basis organic sales in the Snap-on Tools group declined 7.1% year-over-year. In the U.S. Snap-on tool sales were down 8.1% year-over-year. Van count in the U.S. increased slightly compared to both the second quarter this year and the third quarter last year. In our international franchise operations, organic sales were down 3.1% year-over-year.  Gross margin the Snap-on Tools group increased to 44.8% compared to 42.4% last year. This increase is primarily due to material cost reductions of $6 million and higher LIFO related inventory benefits as a result of inventory reductions. Since year end the Snap-on Tools group has reduced inventory levels by $34 million excluding currency. These improvements to gross margin were partially offset by foreign currency effects on U.S. manufactured products, which reduced the year-over-year gross margin by about 200 basis points. Operating expenses of $79.8 million in the quarter were down $6.4 million or 7.4% from 2008, primarily due to $7.4 million of savings from RCI and other cost containment initiatives. As a result of these items, operating earnings in the quarter were $30.6 million, representing 12.4% of sales and were up 8.5% from last year and were up 9.3% sequentially. Turning to the Diagnostics and Information group, which is shown on Slide 9, third quarter sales of $132 million declined 12.6% before currency, primarily due to lower essential tool and facilitation sales to OEM dealerships. Gross profit margin of 52.1% in the quarter improved considerably over 45.5% a year ago, benefiting from increased sales of higher margin diagnostics and software products. RCI and other cost improvements also contributed to the increase. These gross margin improvements, coupled with $6.6 million of operating expense reductions, resulted in a substantial year-over-year improvement in operating margin, 24.2% compared to 17.5% last year. Turning to Slide 10, Financial Services incurred an operating loss of $5.3 million in the third quarter. This compares to operating income of $4.8 million in the prior year. As previously communicated, we terminated our U.S. Financial Services joint venture with CIT on July 16 and purchased CIT’s ownership interest in Snap-on Credit for $8.1 million. Under the JV, Snap-on Credit sold new contract originations and recorded gains on the sale of the contracts as Financial Services revenue. Since July 16, Snap-on is providing financing for new contract originations and is recording as revenue the interest yield on the on balance sheet finance portfolio. Snap-on Credit continues to service the receivables owned by CIT. In the early stages of building the portfolio of new contracts on our books, there is insufficient interest yield to cover the fixed operating expenses of Snap-on Credit. As a result, we experienced an operating loss in the third quarter and expect to report an operating loss of $3 to $5 million in the fourth quarter. Moving to Slide 11, at the end of the third quarter our balance sheet includes gross finance receivables of $255 million, including $130 million for Snap-on Credit. Of this amount $112 million are extended credit loans to technicians. Snap-on Credit continues to manage the runoff portfolio of contracts owned by CIT, which was $722 million at quarter end. In the fourth quarter we expect the incremental cash requirement for Snap-on Credit to be about $122 million and about $400 million in total through the third quarter of next year. We believe that we have sufficient available cash on hand, cash flow from operating activities and available credit facilities to fund the financing needs of Snap-on Credit. The net cash requirements of our international finance portfolios are substantially self funding. Portfolio loss and delinquency trends are in line with our expectations.  Before we turn to a discussion of our cash flow and balance sheet, I should first point out that when you examine our detailed cash flow statement included with this morning’s press release, you will see cash flows associated with contract receivables as well as cash flows associated with finance receivables. Contracts receivable include loans and leases to our franchisees and other customers. These are included in cash flows from operating activities. The cash flow consequences associated with finance receivables represent loans to technicians who are not our customers but are customers of our franchisees. These are included in cash flows from investing activities. Now turning to Slide 12, consolidated operating cash flow was $80 million for the quarter and $250 million for the first nine months, both substantially ahead of the year ago amounts. Changes in operating assets and liabilities, which is principally working capital, contributed $32 million of cash flow in the quarter and $72 million year-to-date. Free cash flow from operations, exclusive of Financial Services, but after capital spending, was $83 million for the quarter compared to $4 million last year and $180 million year-to-date compared to $110 million last year. Free cash flow from Financial Services was as expected an outflow in the quarter of $130 million. In the quarter, capital spending of about $15 million included planned growth spending for our plant in Belarus and for the completion of our tool storage manufacturing addition in our existing facility in [Quin Chong] China. We continue to expect 2009 capital spending to be in a range of $60 to $70 million. As seen on Slide 13, trade receivables decreased $64 million from year end levels primarily due to lower sales and continued diligence on collections. Days sales outstanding for trade receivables were 59 days at quarter end compared to 58 days at year end. All of our businesses are continuing their vigilant efforts in managing customer credit risk in this environment. Inventories at the end of the quarter were down $17 million from last quarter and down $73 million from year end. On a trailing 12 month basis, inventory turns were 4 times but were 4.4 times when measured over the last three months, given the more recent and significant inventory reductions.  Net debt at the end of the quarter was $360 million. Our net debt to capital ratio of 21.5% compares to 25.2% at year end and 18.9% last quarter.  Cash on hand at the end of the quarter was $709 million. In addition to our cash on hand and cash flows from operations, we currently maintain a $500 million revolving credit facility provided by a strong, diversified group of international banks. This does not expire until August, 2012. We also have another $20 million of committed bank lines. At quarter end the full $520 million of borrowing capacity was available. In addition to these facilities, our current A2/P2 short term credit rating allows us to access the commercial paper market should we need to do so. At quarter end no commercial paper was outstanding. Our liquidity position and access to credit continues to remain strong.  This concludes my remarks on our third quarter performance. Before opening the call for questions, Nick would like to provide some final thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk:  Thanks Marty. Let me end as I began. The third quarter was another encouraging period for Snap-on. Sequential results were ahead of the usual seasonal trend. And while we do seem to be on a somewhat favorable trajectory, we are cautious regarding the prediction of the timing of an economic recovery.  Historically the third quarter is an unreliable indicator of near term event. But what we can forecast with confidence, however, is that customer connection, innovation, RCI and Snap-on’s other value creation processes will continue to drive improvement. What I can assure you is that we will keep investing in decisive, strategic areas, strengthening our van network, penetrating garage infrastructure, expanding in critical industries and building in emerging markets. And what we can predict is that Snap-on’s position will continue to strengthen going forward despite the economic eventualities. In closing, I will recognize that there are many associates and franchisees listening to this call. I thank you all for your dedication to our team, for your support of our initiatives and for your extraordinary contributions to our progress. Now we’ll open the line to questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you Mr. Pinchuk. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Nick, I don’t necessarily want to belabor this but could we dig a little bit deeper into what you’re seeing in Europe since clearly that’s an important area and a lot of the indicators show that that is lagging some of the stabilization that we’re beginning to see in North America. And in particular, even if it’s anecdotal, color or evidence you can provide on what you’re seeing in terms of the inventory levels and de-stocking levels.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Sure Jim. You know I was just there about 10 days ago. What we saw was some moderation of de-stocking but it still continues. You might remember in the second quarter we said you know something like half our year-over-year reduction was due to de-stocking. And that’s moderated somewhat. And so we did get an improvement on a year-over-year basis, though modest. So we saw some narrowing of that. I think for the Hand Tools business the on-the-street positioning is still pretty weak. So the improvement we saw, and it was small, but the improvement we saw had to do with some ending of that de-stocking.  We should see that continue, but you know I predicted I thought in the first quarter it would end quicker than it did. So we still see the shrinkage. I’m not sure when it’s going to end but logically it has to. If you look at the distributor base, one encouraging thing for us is we actually don’t see many of our direct customers going away. So that’s why we’re actually not doing much in the way of capacity reduction. We believe the market will come back once the economies become more robust. And most of my comments here have to do with SNA Europe, the Hand Tools business, the sort of on-the-street business. One small sign of good news we saw was that the equipment business, the infrastructure business around equipment and garage infrastructure, did show some improvement in this quarter. And so in places where you have strong technology argument, strong productivity demonstration, we saw in this quarter for the first time this year we were making inroads in selling. So that might also be a positive. But these are very weak indicators. Like I said in my remarks, I hate to make any judgments based on third quarters in Europe. So what we’re saying going forward is mild encouragement out of Europe.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  If we look at the Tools business, can you speak to, you know in the past you’ve alluded to same-store sales but maybe talk a little bit about what you’re seeing in the dealer base in terms of how they’re managing their own working capital?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, well we’re seeing some small de-stocking in the dealer base as well as on the franchisee base as well, our almost 3,500 franchisees in the United States. But that’s actually often at our urging. We like to see them do that. So I think I started saying back even in the fourth quarter of last year that we started out trying to urge them. So a small factor in our results is that de-stocking.  What we did see was some mild positives. And we did see some big ticket items come back. One of the good things about the quarter was that I think how you interpret this is, if you have a productivity story to sell, like in equipment or diagnostics, we’re seeing people start to think they may want to invest. That’s how we’re interpreting the better news in equipment and diagnostics in the quarter. I think tellingly tool storage, which is as you know a little more discretionary, still stayed weak. We saw a burst of hope and you know first the good news in the second quarter where tool storage was up, but I think what we’re seeing is a little thawing in North America with that regard. 
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  And then you know switching gears, talking a little bit of the growth opportunity, you’ve given us a lot of color in the past about I mean obviously innovation is key and you’ve given us a little bit of color, but could you give us an update on the emerging market as well as market expansion, how those activities are going?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well emerging markets, what’s happening to us in emerging markets is we’re growing very well in India and China where the GDP’s are pretty strong. I think the GDP in China in the second quarter was 7.9 and India was 4.8. And we’re growing faster than that. We’re continuing to struggle at least in the first three quarters in places like Indonesia, Philippines, Southeast Asia. And I could go market-by-market and give you reasons why those economies are having some difficulty. And so that’s the sort of landscaping around there. We’re getting a little bit of boost out of China and India though, so we feel pretty positive about that.  But as you know we’re still developing our product lines in those areas. We’re putting the physicals in place and we’re developing product lines. Still I remain pretty positive about that.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  And you’ve talked you know some of the mobile tool crib for the oil and gas side, the wind opportunities.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. What we saw there was, embedded in my remarks was you know we took a big down in industry pretty much across the board. You might remember. I’ll just give you some history is that all through last year and the fourth quarter I think we were up 14% year-over-year in that whole area, because we’re penetrating that business. And we really saw some drop-off in the first and second quarter. In fact, year-over-year’s in the second quarter for the Industrial business was down 30%. This time it was down roughly half of that. So we were encouraged by that. And we saw some sectors come back. Education, some government investment, and we saw some upticks in some of the other places. But you know places like wind, I think places like mobile tool cribs, places like aerospace, still a little weak for us.  We remain confident, though. We remain confident that that’s going to come back. If you look at things like, and when I say weak you know let’s say natural resources, which would be mobile tool cribs and mining and oil and gas, that was down versus the second quarter only about 1%. So the sequential was a little bit better. So we see some thawing there but I hesitate to say anything because there could be big winds going, big winds as in you know the blowing of winds, in that area.  What we see going forward in the Industrial business I think is further penetration of those segments like aerospace, natural resources, power generation, education, government, that will as the downturn moderates we will overcome that weak economy even in a down market.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: On the emerging markets, just a couple of follow ups on there. Nick if you could frame that for us, you know it’s a fairly new area for Snap-on just a few years ago, but what’s your expectations for what that part of the business is going to be if you look out five years or ten years, you know looking at the other areas you’ve been involved in and what you think that opportunity eventually is?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well my view is we have about right now this business will at least be in the next ten years as big as our European businesses, at least as big as our European businesses. That’s my expectation. What happens is in emerging markets, David, in my experiences, what you actually [audio impairment] a couple of cycles you build the infrastructure, you set up your distribution, you start winning customers, you put product lines in place, you start to understand this and you kind of create a hockey stick sort of toward the end. I hate to say a hockey stick but that’s the way it’s worked in all my experience in 11 years in Asia.  Now when we look at the markets, they are pretty strong. There’s a lot of opportunity and we don’t see the competition being that tough. It’s very fragmented. You know if you just look at the automotive industry, the car part in the world, 70% of the world’s growth in car park will occur in the next five years in emerging markets. So it’s going to be very big for us. What you see us now is just building our physicals. We’re putting the plants in place. We’re engaging with customers. And actually developing a product line is not a small task in doing this. And so that’s what we’re doing. So I see the next ten years being as big as Europe.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  So if you take those I guess four steps, you know infrastructure, distribution and product customer, it sounds like you’re really at the first steps there in most of these markets. Is that correct?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Right. Well, you’re always building infrastructure but we have a pretty good infrastructure in place now which we have the elements of an infrastructure in place now. Now what we need to do is start to engage a stronger and broader product line and develop our customer base. When I’m talking about this, I’m talking about China and Asia, you know Southeast Asia and China. We are not so far along in India. We have to be better in India and we are not so far along in Russia, so we have to build our infrastructure in those places as well. So if you’re talking about China, if you’re talking about Southeast Asia, if you’re talking about North Asia, our infrastructure’s pretty good. We’re building our product line and we have the rudiments of a distribution, we’re starting to build the product line and engage customers. If you’re talking about India and Russia, we’re still developing our infrastructure.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  If we look at you know the seasonal pattern here where you’ve had an uptick I guess, is there a way you can characterize it across these three elements? How much of it is just you know this inventory cycle and you know end up de-stocking or replenishment if you will. Are the end markets doing better and market share? Is there any way you can characterize it?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: What were the three again? Sorry, you broke up, David, please.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  End markets, inventories and market share.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: You know I would say number one, of course probably everybody on a call like this would say number one was market share. But I think that we have evidence to believe that in our CNI business you’re taking market share, if you look at our equipment businesses, if you look at our Industrial businesses, even SNA Europe can make a case for that. So I think that’s a fairly significant piece of it. I think the de-stocking, inventory correction shrinkage is the lowest piece. In terms of markets thawing, I would say that’s second, of course. So first share gain, second markets thawing a little bit because we do see some positives.  For example, I’ll give you just a little bit of a thumbnail. In North America in the equipment business you know we’ve seen continued difficulty in the chains like Goodyear and those people. We’re not selling much to those people. But in terms of the independent garages, we’re starting to sell equipment where we weren’t in the second quarter and the first quarter. So that’s a little bit of a comeback for us. I don’t know if you say market share or, I don’t know where the breakdown is between market share and the thawing of the market. We’re confident we’re gaining market share and I suspect the market is thawing a little bit as well.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Just a clarification on that on your big ticket items on the equipment side, how much do you think you’re down from the peak?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Oh.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  60%, 70% maybe?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: 60% or 70%?
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Yes.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. But look I’ll say that we’re down let’s say from the peak probably about 25%. 
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  On Financial Services, it looks like the loss that you reported here is certainly less than what we were expecting. I just wonder is there something we missed there or something in terms of there’s a cost allocation there and what our expectations should be going forward.
Marty Ellen: No, we did a little better as even we predicted, principally because of a lower level of certain payments we anticipated, making the CIT as support portfolio runs off. So our modeling was a little off there. We did tell all of you to think about a $3 to $5 million loss in the fourth quarter and I will remind you that while that doesn’t seem to be much of an improvement, you should not forget that included in the $5.3 million loss this quarter we still had gains on sales of contracts sold up through July 16 which were about $4 million. So had we not had those, the loss would have been closer to $9 million. So you see about a $5 million improvement, quarter over quarter, which should sort of reconcile back based on the numbers we’ve given you to about the ramp up in interest yield.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Siever Wong] – H.F.P. Capital.
[Siever Wong] – H.F.P. Capital: I want to kind of go back to the emerging markets, in terms of progress for the segments is CNI ahead of SNA or the other, where in I guess Asia and China and I guess say Russia where you haven’t really built it out yet, can you give us an idea of progress for the segments? And then maybe profitability compared to the overall company?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well profitability versus the overall company in emerging markets is lower because we’re in investment modes. So that is several hundred basis points lower than the average. You can just take that to the bank pretty much as you view it. That’s I think a given. And our growth in the emerging markets, all I’ll say is that in the quarter versus Quarter 2 we were up in emerging markets over Quarter 2. And we made some pretty strong double digit growth rate in that quarter. Now it’s a small base you know. Our Asia Pacific business is under 10% of our business. So it’s not a very big piece of our business. And I already said that China and India are off and we’re struggling a little bit in Southeast Asia. So that should give you some color around it.
[Siever Wong] – H.F.P. Capital: But is CNI kind of more trust there or is it more you know independent technicians over there, too?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. It’s a CNI trust. In other words the emerging markets are all within CNI, Asia Pacific is within CNI.
[Siever Wong] – H.F.P. Capital:  And then Marty, in the previous call you had also kind of given us an idea of what to expect for the first quarter of 2010, you said it was probably going to be breakeven. Is that kind of on schedule still?
Marty Ellen: That’s still on track.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Surrell - Conning Asset Management.
Steve Surrell - Conning Asset Management:  I’m just wondering as you think about this finance business, what kind of leverage you’re using internally for that business.
Marty Ellen: Yes, you see in our targeted leverage which is based upon our assessment of the loss experience in the portfolio, and in an effort to try to create a capital structure inside Financial Services that we think if it were sort of stand alone rated could support an A rating, would be 5 to 1 leverage. Now when you look at this morning’s press release and you look at the separate balance sheet for the global Financial Services business you’ll of course see lower leverage, about $92 million in debt and $172 million of equity. So what you’re really looking at there is a mixture. That is 5 to 1 leverage but only on the U.S. assets. The international assets are at least for the time being effectively un-levered, but we will probably change that going forward.
Steve Surrell - Conning Asset Management:  Can you provide for this quarter or going forward you know some delinquency or non-performer or write-off kind of?
Marty Ellen: We’ve given that in the slides this morning and you may not have seen those. Slide 11.
Operator: And Mr. Ellen we have no other questions in the queue at the moment. I’d like to turn the call back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Marty Ellen: We thank you all for joining us this morning and for your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today’s conference. Once again thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Nick Pinchuk – President & CEO Marty Ellen – SVP & CFO 
Analysts:  Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Ben Carter – Southpoint Capital   
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2009 second quarter results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Marty Ellen, Chief Financial Officer. 
Marty Ellen : Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s second quarter 2009 results. By now you should have seen our press release issued this morning. Joining me today is Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's CEO. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. I will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results, afterwards we'll take your questions.  Consistent with past practice, we will use slides to help illustrate our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website, along with a transcript of today's call.  Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state managements or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements.  Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings.  This call is copyrighted material by Snap-on Incorporated. It is intended solely for the purpose of this audience, therefore, it cannot be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast by any means without Snap-on's expressed permission.  With that said, I will now turn the call over to Nick. 
Nick Pinchuk : Thanks Marty, good morning everyone, well, the challenges continue. But at the same time the evidence of further improvement of how far we’ve progressed also continued to be evident. Sales were down 23%, 16% if you exclude the impact the currency. And I think its fair to say that the global economy is creating some strong headwinds.  Having said that we’re encouraged by our overall results in the face of difficulty. In a period where volumes were quite weak we managed to reach an operating margin before restructuring of 12.8%, double-digit margins in a difficult environment and profit improvement of 160 basis points from the first quarter on essentially flat sales.  Solid testimony that our operations are continuing their trend of improvement, that our business models are strong and that RCI and our other value creating processes are in deed working. As part of that progress our emphasis on managing working capital especially inventory levels, resulted in strong operating cash flow.  Cash flow for the quarter exceeded $155 million, there are of course some very real costs, unrealized manufacturing capacity, they resulted from reducing inventory levels and creating that cash but we’re showing the discipline to bear those near-term costs in exchange for the long-term benefits of inventory reduction.  While we don’t have perfect insight to the future, we do remain confident, confident that the going forward prospects for our businesses remain strong. We see considerable runway in a number of directions and as we said before we are acting aggressively to limit the damage associated with the downturn, rapid continuous improvement, restructuring, focus on sourcing costs, are all being engaged and the benefits I think are evident in the results.  But at the same time we continue to invest in those areas we believe will be decisive going forward creating advantages that position Snap-on to emerge from the current difficulties with an even stronger competitive position.  In that regard, in that area we’ve identified four key areas of focus; maintaining the health of our franchisee network, expanding our reach through the garage, rolling the powerful Snap-on brand out of the garage into other mission critical arenas, and capitalizing on the opportunities that are in emerging markets. And along those lines we clearly are attending to the welfare of our franchisees. There’s a special franchise stimulus package, promotions and advertising to help them better reach their technician customers. There are van expense reduction programs in areas like, such as communication, sell communications, shipping, tires, and office supplies.  Those little improvements add up to substantial savings for our van drivers and we’ve been raising the profile of our event marketing helping our franchisees tie their selling efforts to special programs. A good example of that is the Snap-on No Compromise Tour. It’s a moving product display including some specialty items like our Glo-mad 57 Chevy.  Its now played to enthusiastic receptions around the country in 80 different locations, been visited by 200,000 customers and has created a nice sales boost for our franchisees. We spent quite some energy on these areas, all supporting the network. And its paid off. Franchisee sales and franchisee equity both have risen in recent months and that’s a trend we’re working hard to continue. The auto repair garage itself is another area of strategic importance for us. And in the quarter we made progress with some big wins for our VERUS handheld diagnostic system. VERUS is the most powerful diagnostic tool on the market today and its penetration expanded throughout the second quarter.  We’ve also spoken often about rolling the Snap-on brand out of the garage and into some of the world’s mission critical industries like aviation and aerospace and power generation. That effort continued at the June Paris Air Show where we previewed what we think is a ground breaking unit, our Level 5 automated tool control system.  That unit offers unparalleled features and benefits and we expect that will advance the Snap-on penetration of several mission critical industries. Finally as we’ve spoken often on these calls we’re also continuing to invest in our emerging markets. The construction of our new plant in Belarus in China are both progressing on time.  And we’re adding more products to those regions, a great example is our just introduced CT 561 pocket impact wrench, Snap-on brand designed in the US, manufactured in Kunsan, great power to weight ratio. We’re confident its going to gain share on multiple continents.  During the quarter we did spent $8 million on restructuring. As part of that we acted on the consolidation of mid sized operations in both Europe and North America and executed a number of targeted down sizing actions across the corporation.  Those restructuring actions have resulted in consolidation but without loss of manufacturing capability. Now consistent with the conviction that our markets will recover and our competitive position to take advantage of that comeback is strengthening we have chosen not to reduce long-term capacity.  Of course there’s some capacity carrying penalty associated with that strategic choice. We did however bear that weight in the second quarter and still achieved sequential improvement. Now I’ll landscape the performance at our individual operating groups.  The cost of maintaining capacity and managing inventory levels are clearly evident in the results of the commercial industrial segment. Actually the challenges to those operations that we faced three months ago, they intensified. The broad based recession deepened particularly in Europe and I think we should remember that the businesses included in C&I operate in the markets that are being exceptionally hard hit by the recession.  Big ticket items like garage equipment, the industrial sector which had held up for us fairly well and then declined in the second quarter and Europe where the GDPs are down and the distributors are destocking.  Overall the segment saw sales and profit declines compared with both 2008 and with the first quarter of the year. Our European based tools business SNA Europe accounted for much of that decline. While the sales for that business decreased almost 25% from the last year excluding currency, the earnings of the business were uniquely hit on a number of fronts.  First over $4 million of our restructuring was incurred at SNA Europe. I believe that was probably appropriate for a business so challenged. Second, SNA Europe sells primarily through distributors and we continued to see those channel partners destock. On the last call we said that logically destocking had to end at some time.  Well we haven’t seen it yet abate. And that phenomenon accounts for about half of SNA Europe’s sales decline. Also in the face of declining sales and in the interest of inventory control and cash management production in SNA Europe was scaled back even more than the decrease in customer demand. In fact our analysis of cash flows for the quarter shows that the company generated cash of over $55 million as a result of inventory reductions, a majority of that was in the C&I segment and SNA Europe was a significant contributor.  Therefore I think you can say substantial costs of inventory reduction and maintaining capacity were borne by our operation SNA Europe and that burden reflected not only the markets they serve but also the decision to reduce production levels even further than the decline in demand.  As befits the environment there actions are being taken to lower break-even and limit the damage in Europe. A significant portion of the second quarter restructuring was aimed at SNA Europe and a major share of our second half restructuring will be focused on that business as well.  We’re confident we’re taking the right actions to recover. We are however moving into the third quarter where European business is slowed by vacation so the recovery at SNA Europe will not be immediate.  Speaking of the other C&I operations, sales in our equipment division were down 20% excluding currency. And while its still a very tough market we were encouraged that the year over year declines in North America were less than we saw in the first quarter. Some improvement.  Consistent with Europe in general however we did not see the same improving trend in Europe although things seemed to have stabilized for equipment in that arena. During the quarter at the Auto Promote Tech Show in Bologna we did strengthen our position in the strategically important vehicle repair shop segment with the launch of the world’s most advanced tire changer, the Quadriga.  It incorporates advanced sensors, motion control elements that ensure that the changer will do no harm to the more sophisticated and expensive tires and rims. So even in this market we continue to launch new and innovative products utilizing advance technology and we believe based on innovation like the Quadriga, Snap-on is capturing share as a result.  As I said earlier the industrial business also felt the impact of the economic environment in the second quarter. Year over year sales declined 30%. Now some of that was due simply to delivery timing but we did see a general softening. We do believe however that Snap-on has a unique opportunity to gain share during the downturn.  For example in this era of cost control mission critical industries like aerospace and power are focusing heavily on improving their operational efficiencies. And with our strength in providing productivity enhancing solutions, we’re in a good position to gain as the customers explore new products, processes and embrace innovation.  As part of the drive to new industries, we’ve recently launched a new torque certification program designed specifically for the growing global wind industry. Programs like that and other certification programs and partnerships with technical and vocation schools are creating effective runway for Snap-on.  They’re gaining a foothold with mission critical users as they learn their trade and we’re confident that the certification effort will translate into even more share gain as the student techs enter the work force.  Moving on to Snap-on tools we saw some positive trends in the van segment. Constant currency sales were down 7.5% from last year but up over 4% from the first quarter. Sales in the US were down 8.5% from last year. We did see an encouraging sign with big ticket diagnostics and tool storage being a bit stronger.  I’d say though that it remains to be seen if the good news will hold but its encouraging to see the positive trend even if its only for a quarter. Now the US van count remained essentially flat from last quarter but we continue to work hard against the challenges of this uncertain economic environment to move that van count forward.  Speaking for a moment about macroeconomics its worth noting that auto repair spending in the US continued to show strength as cars age in the face of significant reductions in new car sales. What that says is that the auto repair industry is robust and its future is positive and when the current uncertainty wears off we’re quite confident that our franchisee network with be healthy and in a strong position to take full advantage.  Finally for the tools group I had the opportunity to spend last weekend with more than 2,000 of our franchisees at their annual conference. They were enthusiastically taking advantage of the training and the support initiatives. We make them available at the meeting to help them run their business.  I have to say they were almost unanimously positive about the business outlook. It was a counterpoint to the every day bad news that seems to surround us constantly. And there was tangible testimony to the positive attitude. This is not just a training event, its also a tool show where franchisees made some fairly significant purchases and this year, orders set a record beating the old mark by a significant margin.  Of course one show won’t deliver us from difficulty but it is some cause for encouragement. In the diagnostics and information group sales were down 12.5% from last year on a constant currency basis. Our OEM facilitation business continues to be impacted by the reluctance of OEM dealerships to make large investments in big ticket items.  Sales for the segment however were up about 2% from last quarter. D&I was helped by the UK launch of the VERUS. As I said before that product is loaded with features including over one million troubleshooter time saving tips and the ability to access the web.  The VERUS has proven to us again that innovation and productivity enhancing products sell even in these poor economic times. As I mentioned last quarter Snap-on has limited direct business with automotive OEMs. Overall our business is generally tied more to industry repair volume and the fundamentals in that section remain strong.  Having said that selected franchisees may see some difficulty until route adjustments can be made to accommodate dealership closures. In aggregate though we expect the repair hours from terminated dealerships to move either to another dealership or to an independent garage. To the extent it moves to independents, it favors Snap-on. Independent mechanics buy more tools and equipment per capita then those in dealerships. So if independents share of repair keeps growing as it has recently it’s a positive for Snap-on.  The current turmoil in the automotive business does create challenges for us specifically in our Snap-on business solutions and equipment solutions areas. These are the businesses that engage directly with the OEMs and the dealerships. Each of those divisions however is actively engaged in mining and capturing opportunities in international markets and adjacent industries like heavy trucks.  Those opportunities are providing and will provide some offset to potential disruption associated with that dealer consolidation in the United States. Now in a moment Marty will speak about the financials and other details related to the recent events surrounding our termination of the financing joint venture with CIT.  What I’ll do is just remind you that CIT’s role in the venture was primarily as a bank to fund the operations. We believe we have adequate liquidity and availability of funds to fill that void. Most importantly we’re confident that the transition will be seamless to our franchisees and to our other customers. We expect there’ll be no negative effects on sales within the van channel, or anywhere else. Finally no Snap-on discussion would be complete without touching on Snap-on value creation. The suite of processes that drive our success focused on safety, quality, customer connection, RCI and innovation. The value of our RCI I think is written across Snap-on’s results in the second quarter and for many previous quarters.  I’ll only say that our energy dedicated to that process remains substantial and the apparent opportunities for gain continue to be abundant. Regarding innovation you’ve heard about our effort in formalizing our product development processes and our actions to enable those processes with a significant new facility innovation works in Kenosha.  Just in this quarter we have evidence that its working in products like the Quadriga, the world’s most advance tire changer, the CT 561 our unique pocket impact wrench, and the level 5 automated tool control system. But also I spoke of the enthusiasm at our franchisee conference.  One of the primary reasons for that excitement was that Snap-on introduced over 60 new products at that event, more than ever before. We’re going to keep investing in innovation. We’re confident it will sell even today and will position us for leadership as the economies clear.  So that’s our second quarter, continuing headwinds, encouraging profitability, sequential improvement, actions to offset the challenges, runway for the future and continued investment in the four strategic dimensions which will give us the advantage going forward.  Now Marty will take you through the financial details. 
Marty Ellen : Thanks Nick, I will begin on slide six, reported sales in the second quarter of $590 million were down 23% from last year. Absent the effects of foreign currency this reduction was 16.4%. as expected the effects of currency continued to hit us hard on two fronts given the strengthening of the US dollar from prior year levels. First currency translation reduced reported US dollar sales by $50.2 million contributing a $7.1 million decline in operating income. We also have currency exposure to cross border product flows. The most significant related to our Snap-on branded products, manufactured in the US and sold by our international franchisees.  The net global effect was a reduction in gross margin of $3.2 million. So in total currency reduced consolidated operating income in the quarter by $10.3 million. Year to date currency has reduced 2009 operating income by $21.3 million.  Assuming current exchange rates hold we expect to see a somewhat lessened currency impact on our third quarter year over year comparisons. We recorded $8.6 million of restructuring costs in the quarter which is a fairly substantial increase over the $2 million recorded both last year and last quarter.  We communicated to you last quarter to expect this higher level of restructuring spending in response to the economic climate. Of the $8.6 million, $6.7 million relates to the commercial and industrial segment. Year to date restructuring expenses are $10.6 million, with $8 million related to the C&I segment.  We intend to spend about another $12 million over the balance of 2009 with most of this related to the C&I segment. Our full year expected restructuring spending is estimated to result in about $34 million in annualized cost savings.  At the end of June our worldwide staffing levels have declined by almost 9% since the beginning of this year. Cost savings of $30 million in the quarter include $13 million of RCI related productivity improvements, $10 million of general cost containment actions, and material cost reductions of $7 million.  These savings are clearly enabling us to maintain reasonable operating margins through this global recession. Before restructuring costs the second quarter operating margin this year was 12.8%. Our consolidated gross profit margin was 43.1%, down 210 basis points from last year.  Before the effects of restructuring the gross margin was 44%, down 120 basis points. A major factor this quarter was the effect of lower production volumes on the performance of our factories as a result of both lower customer demand and our desire to further reduce inventories.  This caused about a 310 basis point decline in our consolidated gross profit margin with a significant portion of this due to our SNA Europe business. And as I said earlier the net effect of currency on our cross border product flows also reduced gross margin by about 50 basis points.  We were able to partially offset these declines with improved pricing across some [businesses], better mix, [inaudible] cost savings and other cost reductions. Consolidated operating expenses declined by $45.3 million. The reduction in year over year operating expenses is principally due to lower selling expenses, $17.2 million of savings from RCI and other cost reduction initiatives, a $13.5 million reduction caused by currency translation, and lower incentive compensation expense. Pension expense increased by $3 million as a result of last year’s decline in pension asset values. As discussed in previous quarters we expect similar quarterly increases in pension expense throughout the remainder of 2009.  This year’s operating expenses include $3.1 million of restructuring costs compared to $2.1 million last year. As a percentage of sales operating expenses were 33.9% compared to 32.1% last year. Financial services contributed $16.6 million of operating income in the quarter as compared with $10.8 million last year.  The termination of the joint venture agreement with CIT which occurred on July 16 did not have any impact on our second quarter results. I’ll cover financial services in more detail in a later slide. Our operating margin 12.8% before restructuring improved sequentially by 160 basis points.  We believe this results from our balancing of RCI and cost reductions, while continuing to spend on key initiatives such as innovation and targeted growth opportunities. Interest expense in the quarter increased $2.8 million as a result of the first quarter issuance of $300 million of fixed rate five and 10 year unsecured notes.  The higher interest expense was partially offset by lower interest rates on our existing floating rate debt. Our second quarter effective income tax rate was 31.9% as compared to 34.3% in the prior year period. The lower effective tax rate contributed approximately $0.02 to second quarter EPS and primarily resulted from certain foreign tax benefits.  And finally diluted earnings per share of $0.65 in the quarter was down 43.5% from the $1.15 earned last year. On a sequential basis however EPS improved from the $0.60 earned in the first quarter notwithstanding $0.08 per share of higher restructuring costs in the second quarter.  With that I will now turn to our segment results, starting with the commercial and industrial group on slide seven, segment sales of $256.4 million declined 25.3% without currency. The deepening of the recession across most European economies and the spreading of more economic weakness to other industries had a more severe impact on the C&I segment particularly in our SNA Europe business.  Let me dissect the segments gross margin for the quarter as it declined from 37.9% last year to 28.6% this year. Approximately 200 basis points of this decline was due to restructuring charges of $4.9 million included in cost of sales. Approximately 550 basis points was due to excess manufacturing capacity costs due the significantly reduced production volumes.  We scaled back production as a result of lower customer demand including the effects of distributor destocking and to achieve greater inventory reduction. This was particularly evident at SNA Europe. The upside to these inventory reduction efforts was a $35 million inventory reduction across the C&I segment in the quarter which contributed importantly to our strong cash flow.  Furthermore SNA Europe selectively discounted certain products during the quarter as part of a brand consolidation strategy which reduced overall segment margin by about 50 basis points. And while we were able to achieve some level of material cost savings and RCI cost improvements, these were offset by lower volume and mix effects across the businesses.  Operating expenses in the quarter declined $24.3 million from prior year levels primarily due to $8.6 million of currency, lower sales volume related expenses and $6.5 million of savings from ongoing RCI and other cost reduction initiatives.  As a result of these factors, operating earnings for the C&I group were down $49.2 million year over year with more than half of this decline related to one business in this segment, SNA Europe. Turning now to slide eight, on a worldwide basis organic sales in the Snap-on tools group declined 7.5% year over year, an improvement from the comparable 10.7% decline reported in the first quarter. On a sequential basis organic sales increased 4.5% over first quarter levels.  In the United States Snap-on tools sales were down 8.5% year over year but did improve sequentially. Van count in the US at the end of the second quarter was flat with the first quarter and was up very modestly from last June.  Measured in terms of sales per van the sequential sales increase in the second quarter is about 5%, similar to the sequential increase in delivered sales off the vans as reported by our franchisees in the second quarter. All regions in the US reported sequentially higher sales off the vans.  As Nick said US repair spending continues to rise. We expect this to continue and aid our business. In our international franchise operations, organic sales were down 4.9% year over year. Gross margin improved to 42.4% compared to 41.9% last year. The effect of the stronger US dollar on US manufactured products sold through the international businesses reduced the gross margin by about 170 basis points and excess manufacturing costs added another 120 basis points of the margin decline. However, higher pricing realization and improved mix along with material cost reductions more than offset these negative factors.  Operating expenses of $81.6 million in the quarter were down 6.6% from 2008, [inaudible] savings from RCI and other cost reduction initiatives. Currency translation contributed $2.8 million of the decline. Operating earnings for the Snap-on tools group of $28 million in the quarter declined $7.3 million from 2008 largely due to the lower sales volumes, cost to carry excess manufacturing capacity and $6.5 million due to currency.  As a percentage of sales operating earnings in the second quarter of 10.8% declined from the 12.1% realized a year ago. However as compared to the first quarter of 2009 operating earnings increased $6.9 million or 32.7% and the operating earnings margin of 10.8% increased 210 basis points from the first quarter.  Turning to the diagnostics and information group which is shown on slide nine, second quarter sales of $137 million declined 12.5% before currency primarily due to lower essential tool and facilitation sales to OEM dealerships. Compared to first quarter 2009 levels however, organic sales increased 2.3% primarily due to stronger sales of diagnostics products worldwide.  Gross profit of $71.1 million was down $5.9 million from 2008 primarily due to the lower sales, $3.2 million of unfavorable currency and $1.8 million of higher software development costs. These declines in gross profit were partially offset by an improved sales mix and $2.3 million from savings from RCI and cost improvement initiatives.  Gross profit margin of 51.9% in the quarter improved considerably over 46.7% a year ago primarily due to an improved sales mix resulting from increased sales of higher margin diagnostics and software products as well as the savings from RCI.  As a result of this improved sales mix and $6.9 million of savings from RCI and other cost improvement initiatives operating earnings in the quarter of $34 million, [inaudible] or 9.7% from 2008 and as a percentage of sales improved from 18.8% last year to 24.8% this year.  As compared to first quarter 2009 levels operating earnings in the second quarter increased $8.3 million and the operating margin increased 540 basis points on a sequential basis. Turning to slide 10, financial services operating income of $16.6 million increased $5.8 million from 2008.  The year over year improvement is primarily due to lower market discount rates and a 2.5% increase in originations. I’ll provide more detail on Snap-on credit in a moment. Now let me turn to a brief discussion of our cash flow and balance sheet, turning to slide 11, our operating cash flow performance was quite strong, about $156 million in the second quarter.  Inventory reduction along contributed $55 million. Capital spending of $19.5 million in the second quarter of this year included planned growth spending for our plant in Belarus, and the further expansion of our plant in Kunshan, China.  Last year second quarter capital spending was $17.9 million. Our current plans call for 2009 capital spending to be in a range of $60 to $70 million. As seen on slide 12 accounts receivable decreased nearly $50 million from year end levels primarily due to lower sales and continued diligence on collections.  Days sales outstanding were 65 days at quarter end compared to 64 days at year end. All of our businesses are continuing their vigilant efforts in managing customer credit risk in this environment. Inventories at the end of the quarter were down $55 million from last quarter and $63 million from year end excluding currency.  On a trailing 12 month basis inventory turns declined to 4.1x from 4.6x at year end. This decline in turns is a function of the trialing nature of the computation and the fact that most of our inventory reduction occurred this quarter. At current inventory levels turns would be approximately unchanged from year end.  Net debt at the end of the quarter of $295 million was down $105 million from year end 2008. Our net debt to capital ratio of 18.9% compares to 25.2% at year end and 26.5% last quarter. Our liquidity position and access to credit continues to remain strong. Cash on hand at the end of the quarter was about $524 million.  In addition to the $524 million of available cash as well as cash flows from operations we currently maintain a $500 million revolving credit facility provided by a strong diversified group of international banks which does not expire until August, 2012. We also have another $20 million of committed bank lines. At quarter end the full $520 million of borrowing capacity was available. In addition to these facilities our current A2P2 short-term credit rating allows us to access the commercial paper market should we need to do so. At quarter end there was no commercial paper outstanding.  Now let’s discuss Snap-on credit beginning on slide 13, as you know on July 16 we notified CIT that we were terminating our financial services joint venture agreement effective that day. We have since purchased CIT’s 50% ownership interest in the joint venture for approximately $8.2 million.  The joint venture was formed in 1999. For decades before that this credit business was owned and successfully operated by Snap-on and it has always been operated as a separate business. The employees of Snap-on credit housed about 30 minutes from our corporate headquarters here will remain with Snap-on credit and the operations of Snap-on credit are expected to be uninterrupted by this event.  All activities surrounding the financing of extended credit contracts to customers, leases of shop equipment, and loans to franchisees will continue without change. Going forward Snap-on will provide financing for all new contracts and loans originated by Snap-on credit. The CIT owned portfolio which approximated $830 million as of the termination date will continue to be owned by CIT but serviced by Snap-on credit.  From an income statement perspective we will record the interest yield on new finance contracts over the life of the contracts as financial services revenue. Previously the company sold its financed contracts to CIT and the gains on the sale of these contracts were recorded as financial services revenue.  As a result of this change operating income of the financial services segment will decline during the transition period as we build a new portfolio of financed receivables and the associated interest yield ramps up.  Consequently we expect that operating income from financial services which is before interest expense and totaled $16.6 million in the second quarter of 2009 will be an operating loss of between $8 to $10 million in each of the third and fourth quarters. We anticipate that financial services will be approximately break-even by the first quarter next year producing positive and growing operating profits thereafter.  Based upon current origination levels, yields, credit losses, and operating expenses we believe once the transition is fully complete in 2012 the annual operating income from financial services will approximate $80 t o $85 million, again before interest costs.  We estimate that the incremental financing needs for Snap-on credit will be approximately $450 million over the next 12 months. As noted in both today’s release and the release of July 16, we believe that we have sufficient available cash on hand, cash flow from operating activities, and available credit facilities to fund the financing needs of Snap-on credit. We’ve provided data on slide 14 covering both the Snap-on credit portfolio in the US as well as our existing on balance sheet international portfolios for our finance businesses in the UK, Canada and Australia. Hopefully this will help demonstrate the quality of these businesses and assist you in developing your financial models.  This concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance. Before we open the call for questions, Nick would like to provide some final thoughts. 
Nick Pinchuk : Thanks Marty, while I believe the message of this quarter is that Snap-on did face headwinds but our operations achieved recording an OI margin of 12.8% before restructuring, up sequentially 160 basis points from what we believe was a fairly encouraging first quarter given the environment.  Looking forward we won’t predict the near-term but we do continue to see opportunity in runway. Runway in our franchisee network, in auto repair garages, in critical industries, and in emerging markets and even as we work to limit the damage of this downturn on our enterprise, we continue to invest in those strategic areas.  We’re confident that we’re improving our position and will be well placed to take advantage of the future. In this quarter we also acted on a new front, taking charge of our own destiny in the credit company and while there will be a financial transition, we’re confident we have the funding and the capability.  After all I think history shows that Snap-on has been successfully managing technician credit for decades both on and off our balance sheet. We have unique understanding of that space and we’re confident we can wheel that capability to our distinct advantage going forward.  Before I finish here though I want to thank all of our franchisees and associates for your commitment and your effort. Your contribution to our corporation has once again been extraordinary.  Now we’ll turn the call over for your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: First question on C&I where clearly that’s where the economic impact has been felt the most as you look at the actions that you’ve taken there, if we go back before the economy turned over you had talked about some of the expectations for the profitability ratios in that business, do you still see longer-term or I should say could you talk about you see the C&I segment in a normalized environment from a profitability standpoint.
Nick Pinchuk : Our view of C&I has not changed, what we’re seeing is two big changes this quarter is one I think that we spent a lot of time talking about SNA Europe and Europe is having some difficultly. Our SNA Europe business like many other European businesses are in difficulty but we don’t see that as a long-term reduction of our expectations for that business. \ If you just look at what’s happened in Europe in the recent period, you have announcements on GDP like Spain which has got unemployment of I think almost 20%, they announced their GDP was down three, and that was the good news. France was something like 3.2 down GDP in the first quarter. UK was 4.9, Italy was 6.0, Germany was 6.9, Russia which is an extension of our Eastern European business was 9.8 so they are seeing I think the bad news for breakfast hit them that we saw, the United States saw, earlier. And you’re seeing a lot of that hit the market. At the same time we’re seeing as part of that I think we’re seeing destocking continue for our distributors. So I feel that we’re in a unique time in Europe. That economy will come back eventually. We believe actually we’re holding or gaining share if you base distributor shelf space, if you believe the reports on distributor shelf space. So I think our expectations for SNA Europe continue. The industrial business was off quite substantially in the quarter but we believe the idea about taking the Snap-on brand out to mission critical industries is still quite valid and still being well received. So I think those businesses for the longer-term are still going to achieve the kind of mid double-digit earnings that we all expected.  
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: But when you look at the incremental restructuring that you talked about in the second half of the year do we look at another quarter of kind of break-even before seeing profitability restored, given seasonality, that seems to be the bigger—
Nick Pinchuk : Given seasonality I think you do look at another quarter. We’re not expecting much change in the C&I. I think I said in my remarks, this is the vacation period. So this is quite an unpredictable period for us in C&I because they do have a quite a bit of European component of their business. I don’t think we’re expecting near-term and when I said immediate I meant the third quarter, even if we’re spending the restructuring.  I don’t necessarily say that we’re expecting much improvement, I would expect the improvement once we get off the vacation period. Part of what I believe is happening is that because of this bad news which is being publicized in Europe its gone beyond the actuality of GDP is that distributors and customers are saying, I’m going to sort of go, at least from a commercial point on view, on vacation early.  So I think we’ll probably see a long, we saw some of the vacation creep into the second quarter I think this year and we’ll probably see a pretty good strong vacation effect in the third quarter so we don’t see improvement until we’re coming into the end of the year in C&I.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: And switching gear to diagnostics, where we’ve seen a lot of good improvement mix, obviously less facilitation, more software, and maybe this more toward Marty, but how do we think about that business longer-term because of where we’ve seen those margins the last two quarters. Is 20% plus kind of a normalized margin. 
Marty Ellen : Let me just give you some color, as you know the margins in that segment are significantly impacted by the mix of our businesses given the different margin structures and for example this year the whole area of diagnostics and software was about, was over 80% in terms of mix and if you go back a year ago, it was 75% and recall that the year before that the OEM facilitation business which was low margin had a large one-off program if you will involving over 8,000 dealers across Europe. So it is all about the mix. We actually think the diagnostics and software business is the one that has probably the greatest runway going forward because as we’ve said before as repair moves for example from OE dealerships to independents, the need for those products are enormously important.  And given that yes we would expect our model always was for the diagnostics and information group to sort of be at or approaching that 20% level, it was obviously greater this quarter in terms of our overall goal of about mid teens operating margins. 
Nick Pinchuk : I’d just like to amplify on that a little bit, we have a tremendous advantage in that sector in the database we have associated with the installed car park, the wide range of badges and the number of years and models we have in our database in terms of diagnosing products and sometimes I think those of us who don’t do this for a living, the value of that is lost.  But I recommend that you read in the New York Times Magazine, the May 24 issue, Matthew Crawford’s article on the value of mechanic labor. This is a guy who was in the think tank in Washington, had a Ph.D. and then went to run a motorcycle shop and he regales you in several paragraphs of the difficulty of working on an older model and having to get advice from experienced technicians.  Experience trumps the rule is what he says and what we have in our diagnostics is, one of the things we have Mitchell and in some cases in things like VERUS, is our expert based systems where experienced techs, long time techs, have helped us post solutions into an automated system where our subscribers can access those if they have trouble with some of these long-term vehicles.  So we have a great advantage and a great lead in that situation. So the diagnostics business for us I think is going to be strong margins for some time to come. 
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: And you gave us a lot of color on the credit business and the P&L impact and financing needs, but as we think about the cash flow implications particularly with the accounts receivable balance rising, how should we think about the operating cash flow impact of having credit on the balance sheet. 
Marty Ellen : From an operating cash flow point of view yes, we’re going to have to build what will appear in our cash flow going forward an increasing finance receivable portfolio. We said in the release and I said this morning that over the next 12 months it looks to us to be about a $450 million incremental financing need because as we build contracts each and every day they also begin to pay down.  So incrementally about $450 million. That will rise a little bit thereafter. That’s not going to be the peak, it may be another $50 or $100 million a couple of three quarters out and so that should box for you what we see as the full financing need.  So its important to note that while we expect to build at least a new $800 million portfolio we don’t need to finance $800 million with debt because of the cash flow from that business, Snap-on’s other cash flows and by the way as we model that incremental say close to $550 million need if you dial out more than 12 months, we’ve done that by also reserving what we think is adequate cash on hand for Snap-on so we don’t drive our cash all the way down either. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co.: I was wondering if you could discuss the destocking in the commercial and industrial segment, is that something that you think is going to continue or is that going to slow as we go into the third quarter of the year. 
Nick Pinchuk : I hate to say this, last time I thought, what I said last time was destocking logically can’t continue. I stand by that. When it ends I don’t know. We thought that it might start to abate going off the second quarter but it did not so I’m not going to predict that. But logically it has to and it represents between 40% and 50% of our decrease in Europe.  What happened in the United States I’ll tell you, if you use that as any indication, the franchisees destocked in some cases. In some cases at our urgency because we wanted them to generate cash and that took several quarters and then toward the end, in fact in the last quarter that destocking has ended.  So I think it probably took two or three or four, about two or three quarters in the US for that to roll out and we’re probably going to see the same kind of thing or more in Europe. I’m not sure. We’ve seen a couple quarters of destocking already. So I guess the short answer is I can’t predict. I know it represents half of our, roughly half of our downturn but we did see a model for this in the US and destocking will end its just hard to predict when. 
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co.: And if we look at the tools group, you touched briefly on the sequential improvement there, can you just provide a little bit more color on what drove the sequential increase and how you see that trending going forward. 
Nick Pinchuk : Well the sequential increase was driven in part by 4% increase quarter over quarter in sales, that was one, that helped quite a bit. And then rapid continuous improvement activities throughout those organizations, our RCI improvement, that’s two. And three we’re constantly innovating and launching new products which create a buzz and sometimes get us a little better margins.  So those three factors. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Carter – Southpoint Capital 
Ben Carter – Southpoint Capital : Congratulations on a great quarter, I had a question on the CIT transition, so it sounds like you’re losing the gain on sale that you get from the CIT partnership and if I understand this correctly that’s about a $25 million impact per quarter starting in Q3.  
Marty Ellen : No I think what’s happening in Q3, we said on the call this morning that the next two quarters the whole segment will lose $8 to $10 million and that’s of course driven by the change. We terminated on July 16 so actually there’ll still be a small benefit in the third quarter because up until the 16 of July we continued to sell contracts to CIT and recognized gain for half a month.  So had we terminated July 1 it would have been a little worse in the third quarter improving then somewhat in the fourth quarter. 
Ben Carter – Southpoint Capital : But if I understand correctly, so instead of reporting a gain in the financial segment of roughly $16 million in Q3 and Q4 we’re going see a loss of $8 to $10 million. 
Marty Ellen : That’s correct, and just to remind everybody that segment includes the Snap-on credit business in the US and our international finance businesses which have always been on our balance sheet which are throwing off interest yield which is what’s in financial services revenue alongside with the gains on the sale of the contracts in the US. There are operating expenses, there are loss provisions and what you see in the second quarter is $16.6 million of operating income on that basis.  And you are correct, what we’re telling everybody is that $16.6 million in the second quarter we expect to look like an $8 to $10 million loss in each of the third and fourth quarters, break-even or so by the first quarter, ramping up thereafter as the portfolio builds. 
Ben Carter – Southpoint Capital : So as I think about the EPS impact, that seems like from the run rate then all else equal that we’ll have about a $0.25 per share in Q3 relative to Q2, is that about right after I tax the difference. 
Marty Ellen : You pretty well have it. 
Ben Carter – Southpoint Capital : Okay and then in Q1 and Q2 it sounds like the segment will break even but will be comping against a plus 16 contribution from Q1 2009 or somewhere thereabouts, is that about right. So while it won’t be a $0.25 impact maybe it will be 60% of that or something like that. 
Marty Ellen : That’s correct and against that right now we’re funding the business out of our available cash so to the extent we go into the market to raise any more debt that will change whatever you have as interest expense in your models but so far there would be no change because we haven’t borrowed anything. 
Ben Carter – Southpoint Capital : And have you pursued any other potential partners to replace CIT or do you want to keep all of this funding on your balance sheet going forward. 
Marty Ellen : I think we presented the data on the slide I think to show everybody how economically strong this business has been. We did this ourselves until 1999. There were circumstances in the late 90’s which caused us to believe that in essence creating some financial flexibility through that CIT program by selling the portfolio at that time made sense.  Snap-on had just made a number of acquisitions in the 90’s and that was a way to create some liquidity, pay down debt. We’re always going to be looking at the most effective way to finance the business. We think it’s a great return investment for our shareholders and at the same time we will always know that that portfolio gives us some financing flexibility because they’re financed assets and very financible in all sorts of forms in all sorts of capital markets transactions, with our without a joint venture structure.  I think the structure just came with the need at the time to look at financing, that part of our balance sheet in a different manner. That could change in the future. We have no existing plans to change that, but we do recognize that that portfolio by itself can create liquidity and give us some flexibility down the road should we need to do so.  And otherwise we expect it to provide great returns particularly once we get through the ramp up period. 
Ben Carter – Southpoint Capital : So in order to mitigate some of the hit we’re going to take on the EPS impact have you considered trying to purchase those receivables out of CIT.  Marty Ellen   There have been no discussions with CIT about that. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Marty Ellen : Thank you all for joining us for our second quarter conference call, thank you.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Martin M. Ellen – Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer Nicholas T. Pinchuk – President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: David Leiker – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. James Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott Anthony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets Sarah Hunt – Alpine Fund 
Operator: Welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2009 first quarter results conference call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Marty Ellen, Chief Financial Officer. 
Martin M. Ellen: Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's first quarter 2009 results. By now you should have seen our press release issued this morning. Joining me today is Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's President and CEO. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. I will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results afterwards we'll take your questions.  Consistent with past practice, we will use slides to help illustrate our discussion. You can find a copy of the slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website, along with a transcript of today's call.  Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or otherwise state managements or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings.  This call is copyrighted material by Snap-on Incorporated. It is intended solely for the purpose of this audience; therefore, it cannot be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast by any means without Snap-on's expressed permission.  With that said, I will now turn the call over to Nick. 
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, it appears we live in interesting times. I'd say the difficulties of the period didn't really surprise us but no doubt that this was one of our more challenging quarters. Sales were down 20% with currency contributing about seven points of that decline. But as we left 2008, we said we believed that the recession was deepening, it was extending across more industries and geographies and that's pretty much what happened.  But we also said that although we're certainly not immune to the downturn, Snap-on's business models are quite strong, and our rapid continuous improvement and other value creating processes, those strong processes will help us weather the storm. They help us limit the damage of the downturn and they've done just that.  So in terms of profitability in the first quarter, we were able to maintain or achieve about an 11% operating margin. In other words, we're being impacted just like everybody else, but we were able to maintain a double-digit margin, even in the face of significant challenges. We believe that's testimony to Snap-on's strengthening operating platform and to our robust improvement processes.  Looking beyond the current difficulties, we remain confident. We remain confident that our businesses have significant runway so we're continuing to invest. We're working to strengthen those strategic areas that will make a significant difference as we emerge from the turbulence. Of course, prominent among those strategic dimensions is our franchisee network. We're working every day, training, launching new product, providing new systems, and building support mechanisms.  We're determined to make that unique distribution asset even stronger and I have to say that that effort's been working. We've maintained our van count and our franchisees are weathering the storm. And as I said in the fourth quarter, we also aim to gain greater share in the auto repair garage segment, and we're going to do that by using our imaging technology and it appears as though that's continuing.  We're also driving to extend the Snap-on brand in mission critical industries through our industrial division, and although the first quarter represented a step back from what had been consistently strong gains in that division, we're confident that our initiatives in that area will pay off as we move forward. And I couldn't speak of strategic direction without mentioning emerging markets, so I'll just say that construction of our new plants in Eastern Europe and China are both progressing on schedule.  Finally, we continue to invest in innovation. It's still winning customers even in this environment. A good example is our new MG325 power tool 3H in somatic impact power tool. It's got a magnesium body, it's lightweight, it's got increased power and reduced size and it's breaking sales records, even in this market.  So you see, we still believe in the forward opportunities, and because of that we've chosen not to close any large manufacturing facilities. We believe that capacity will be needed as the market improves. Now, there are costs in carrying those capabilities, but we're prepared to bear it and we haven't been inactive in cost reduction. We've been aggressively applying our Snap-on value creation processes. Processes like rapid continuous improvement or RCI as we call it. We're applying those processes to continue to improve productivity and I think our numbers bear that out.  And while our larger plants are still with us, two smaller facilities are in the process of closing as we speak, and there's been streamlining in a number of other areas. In fact, generally across the corporation and we continue to plan in that regard. We're planning continuing efficiencies as we move forward through the next quarter.  So the first quarter, as expected, was a challenge but our strong business models, our extraordinary brand, our effective improvement processes, they limited the damage. And at the same time they supported continuing investment in key strategic areas, areas that we believe will be strongly decisive for our future growth.  Now, I'm going to landscape the individual operating groups. Some of our biggest challenges today are in the commercial industrial group. Similar to last quarter, it's just tough. It's tough to sell big ticket items. Capital goods like wheel service equipment, aligners, wheel balancers and tire changers. Higher price products, they generally require reasonable customer confidence in the business outlook to justify a purchase. Needless to say, that is abundant in this environment.  Excluding currency, sales in our equipment division were down 22% reflecting just that. Having said that though, we believe our investments in advanced technology like our imaging alignment actually improved our market position in the period in both the U.S. and Europe.  We're also continuing to expand our equipment product line tailored specifically for Asia and assembled in our Kunshan factories. In fact, we have a couple of existing introductions in our Asian lineups plan for later this year and those preparations are proceeding right on schedule.  Turning to Europe, our Europe based tools business SNA Europe experienced a 23% sales decline before currency. Now, there is some variance from country to country, for example, Spain the business's largest market was down 40%, while France, the second largest, was down just over 6%. It's clear now that the economy in Europe have slowed dramatically as the recession has deepened, and it's also clear that the credit crisis has imposed a tighter grip on our distributor's ability to purchase products. And as a result, we saw further inventory de-stocking in that distributor channel.  Regarding Europe, however, we did see a positive data point in March. Average weekly sales were higher than the average was for the quarter and it improved from the quarter's low point. Recent order activity has also risen, so I think it's too early to call this a trend, but it's something worth watching.  Meanwhile, SNA Europe continues to work hard. They're working hard at accelerating their own RCI activities continuing factory migration to lower cross countries and increasing the sourcing of finished goods from emerging markets. All of that is consistent with driving stronger performance in good times or in bad.  Our industrial business has faired relatively well in the quarter, although the global sales were down 6% before currency. In the U.S. our businesses in several key segments, aerospace, natural resources and the government, did decline, but not surprisingly under the current conditions. Sales in our vocational training schools improved in the quarter.  So despite the overall decrease in the industrial division, we continue to strengthen our position with customers across the critical segments served by that division because we're confident they offer extraordinary long-term growth potential. As everyone knows, even Asia is slowing. Notwithstanding that, we believe the regions still offer significant long-term potential, so our expansion plans there are continuing.  I already mentioned the under-car equipment introduction scheduled for this year. We also recently completed the migration of our bandsaw manufacturing into Kunshan and early in the third quarter we expect to complete our third Kunshan factory where we'll begin producing tool storage products in China for the first time. That will give us a platform to penetrate local storage markets and provide a captive low cost source to support our mid-tier product strategy in developed countries out of Kunshan.  We've chosen to continue the investments even in this environment because we believe strongly that they will pay off with significant growth. In Snap-on tools the van segment, constant currency sales were down 11% globally and sales for the U.S. vans were down 18%, although sales off the U.S. vans decreased somewhat less about 11%. As the difference is we continue to encourage franchisees de-stocking to improve their liquidity. In the U.S., the rate of sales decline did decelerate, however, toward the end of the quarter so we'll have to wait and see if the positive trend continues. What we did see for sure in the quarter is that hand tool sales are holding about flat, but as in prior periods and as in the equipment business and a lot of places in our businesses, the big ticket product purchases, particularly tool storage boxes, have continued to be difficult. We'll see how that plays out going forward.  Van count in the U.S. was essentially flat, both for the year end and prior year levels. With that said, the current environment is clearly challenging for our franchisees. In that regard, we continue to support them. We support them with a comprehensive set of programs, increased training, sales development, operating expense reduction opportunities, additional credit offering, and finally product promotional programs. That's all aimed at aiding their profitability, helping their cash flow and strengthening stability of the network.  And so far looking at the turnover data, which remains roughly flat, it appears to be working. It's worth noting that auto repair spending in the U.S. continues to show growth. That's logical as cars age in the face of significant reductions in new car sales repair will grow. Our challenge is overcoming uncertainty. Like most consumers, even technicians who generally have work are now cautious in their spending.  For Snap-on that means they buy hand tools but they postpone the bigger ticket tool storage purchases, that's what we're seeing. But this will change. The auto repair industry is robust and its future is positive and pretty clear. When the current uncertainty wears off, we're confident our franchise network will be healthy and in a strong position to take full advantage.  The international van business for the most part continues to perform well. Sales before currency were up 6%. In the U.K. and Australia we grew vans by 25 about a mid single-digit percentage increase. And we also had successful results with first quarter promotional programs in both of those countries.  In the diagnostics and information group, sales were down about 14%, 10% without currency. The toughest comparison was in our OEM facilitation business. That was impacted by declines in spending on dealership equipment. Now withstanding the D&I group sales decrease, however, profitability did improve. Cost reductions, the benefits of RCI and sales of software updates more than offset the lower overall sales volume. There's been considerable public discussion regarding the contraction in the American auto manufacturers and their dealer bases. I believe most of you already know that Snap-on has little direct business with the OEMs themselves.  And even our activities with dealerships and businesses like Snap-on Business Solutions and Equipment Solutions it's not tied to rooftops as much as it is tied to repair volume. Now, turbulence in the dealership system can represent a near-term challenge, but overall this impacts a relatively narrow slice of our business. With even that difficulty abating as the repair work redistributes throughout the national garage network.  In the current environment, I don't believe it would be appropriate and I don't believe any discussion would be complete without touching on RCI. It has been and it continues to be enabling for us. It's shown the way to improving processes in both manufacturing and administration. RCI is now simply a cornerstone of Snap-on's way of creating value. It's helped us limit the damage of the downturn and we're confident it will be a big factor in our future.  In that regard, we've been rigorous in managing down all areas of spending during the past quarters, and as indicated in this morning's press release, we do expect an increased level of restructuring in the second quarter that will further reduce our cost structure going forward. Commodity costs are another important area of opportunity, and as expected we had some small increases in the first quarter. The results of trailing price indices in items like steel. Nevertheless, we've been working strongly to take full advantage of the current environment and drive down those sourcing costs and we expect that effort to payoff as we proceed through the year. So in the first quarter and probably for the next couple of quarters, the situation will be challenging. But Snap-on has the processes to limit the damage. We believe the last three months showed that.  We also have a clear focus on the key strategic dimensions that will be decisive that will give us strength when the storm passes, and we'll continue to invest in those areas so that Snap-on will emerge from all the difficulties from all the downturns stronger than ever.  Now, Marty will take you through the financial details. 
Martin M. Ellen: I will begin my remarks with slide six. As Nick mentioned, clearly the difficulties posed by the global economy increased considerably during the first quarter. Recessionary headwinds challenged our top line sales performance in the quarter with sales declining [inaudible] before currency. The affects of currency hit us fairly hard at two levels during the quarter as a result of the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar.  First, [inaudible] U.S. dollar sales and profits were reduced because of translation, which on a year-over-year basis reduced sales by $54.5 million or 7.5%, and reduced operating income by $6.1 million. Second, and as many of your know our Snap-on branded products sold by our international Snap-on tools franchisees are manufactured in the U.S., therefore, the stronger U.S. dollar cut into their gross margins by $5.3 million in the quarter.  So in total currency reduced consolidated operating income in the quarter by $11 million. If foreign currency rates stay at present levels through the second quarter of this year, year-over-year results for the second quarter will be similarly impacted, but this should begin to abate later in the second half.  Our past and ongoing RCI initiatives have not only allowed us to improve quality, delivery, customer service and numerous other business processes, but through productivity improvements have allowed us to reduce cost. The RCI related improvements and other cost reductions have enabled us to better offset the sales volume decline by providing $18 million of savings.  In fact, if you remove the affects of currency, operating income on a comparable basis declined by $18.8 million on an organic sales decline of $95 million resulting a less negative operating leverage than might have otherwise occurred, so we're pleased with that outcome.  Gross profit margin for the quarter was flat with last year at 45.2%. Gross profit margin benefited in the first quarter from the rollover effect of certain pricing actions taken last year, and together with RCI improvements and other cost reductions, we were able to offset the negative affects on gross margin of currency and the cost to carry manufacturing capacity.  Operating expenses declined by $41.1 million, but increased as a percentage of sales by 170 basis points. This was primarily due to the negative leverage affect of lower sales on fixed operating expenses, not withstanding $11 million of RCI improvements and other cost reductions. And as we had previously indicated, pension expense was up $3 million for the quarter year-over-year and we expect similar quarterly increases in pension expense throughout the remainder of 2009.  Financial services contributed $10 million of operating income in the quarter, as compared with $12.8 million last year. I'll cover financial services in a later slide. As a result of these factors, operating earnings of $64.3 million for the quarter were down $28.9 million from last year. As a percent of total revenues, operating earnings were 10.9% as compared to 12.5% a year ago.  Interest expense in the quarter was down about $1 million from 2008 levels, primarily as a result of lower interest rates on our floating rate debt partially offset by higher interest expense from the first quarter issuance of $300 million of fixed rate five and ten year unsecured notes. Diluted earnings per share of $0.60 in the quarter were down from the $0.97 earned last year.  With that, I will now turn to our segment results. Starting with the commercial and industrial group on slide seven, segment sales of $259.8 million declined 27.2%, but before currency sales declined 17.7%. We continue to experience lower sales of professional tools in Europe and lower sales of equipment worldwide. Sales in our worldwide industrial business were down 6%.  Gross margin of 35.5% declined 180 basis points from last year as contributions from price increases taken in 2008 and $3.7 million of savings from RCI and other cost reduction initiatives were more than offset by the lower organic sales volumes, including the cost to carry manufacturing capacity. The increase of 200 basis points in the operating expense ratio was primarily caused by the effects of lower sales on fixed operating expenses partially offset with the benefits of RCI and other cost reduction initiatives of $2.9 million.  The net result of these factors resulted in operating earnings of 6.9% compared to 10.7% a year ago. Ignoring currency translation the drop through or negative leverage on operating earnings due to the sales decline in the segment was about 25%, which was somewhat limited by our RCI and other cost improvement actions.  Turning now to slide eight, on a worldwide basis, organic sales from the Snap-on tools group were down 10.7% reflecting the continued challenging sales environment, particularly for sales of larger priced products like tool storage units. Sales declines in our North American franchise operations were partially offset by increased international sales, primarily in the U.K. and Australia.  At quarter end, U.S. van count was essentially flat compared to both year end 2008 and prior year levels. Sales in the U.S. were down 16.9%, but as Nick already mentioned, sales delivered off the vans were done only 11% on an average across the system. Gross margin in the quarter was 42.4% as compared to 43.3% a year ago.  Margin compression of $5.3 million occurred in the international businesses due to foreign exchange on U.S. sourced products. Additional margin reduction resulted from the cost to carry manufacturing capacity in the face of reduced production levels. Other cost improvements were achieved to partially offset these negative factors.  Operating earnings for the Snap-on tools group of $21.1 million in the quarter declined $13.3 million from prior year levels largely due to lower sales volumes, including the cost to carry manufacturing capacity and $7.7 million of unfavorable currency effects.  Excluding currency impacts and on a comparable basis, the drop through effect of the sales decline was about 22% per Snap-on tools, much lower than the contribution margin structure of this business, as we were able to provide some offset with RCI and cost improvements of $6.5 million. As a percentage of sales operating earnings in this segment were 8.7% as compared to 11.9% a year ago.  Turning to the diagnostics and information group, which is shown on slide nine, first quarter sales of $132.5 million declined 10.2% before currency. The sales decline is primarily due to lower essential tool and facilitation sales to OEM dealerships and lower sales of higher priced diagnostics products in North America. Sales of diagnostics products in Europe and sales of Mitchell 1 information products were both up slightly year-over-year. As the OEM facilitation business is lower margin, the overall mix impact to the segment was favorable to margins. Additionally, $5.1 million of RCI and other cost improvements along with $1.8 million of lower restructuring improved the segment's operating margins from 13.2% last year to 19.4% this year. Turning to slide ten, financial services operating income of $10 million was down $2.8 million from 2008. Originations in the quarter were done 21% from last year, principally due to lower sales of big ticket items sold by our franchisees as these are the products which tend to get financed through Snap-on credit. Lower discount rates on contracts sold partially offset the earnings impact of the lower originations.  Many of you continue to ask about the credit quality of the portfolio of Snap-on credit loans to technicians. Accounts 60 plus days delinquent at the end of March were about 2.2%, which is slightly better that the 2.3% that we reported to you as of the end of 2008. To remind you, at the end of 2007 and 2006, they were about 2%.  The high water mark was actually about 3% at the end of 2005 and was mostly due to the consolidation of Snap-on credit steel organization. For years prior to 2005 and going back to 2001, the highest level experience was about 2.2%. Both Snap-on credit and our franchisees have always worked diligently to control delinquencies and have heightened their efforts given the current environment. Now, let me turn to a brief discussion of our cash flow and balance sheet. The cash flow statement issued with this morning's press release requires a little more analysis than usual. Turning to slide 11, reported cash flow from operating activities in the quarter was $14.7 million compared to $74.4 million last year. However, there were a number of items in both years not truly representative of the ongoing operating cash flows of our businesses.  Slide 11 presents the operating cash flow section in a pro forma format in order to aid a more meaningful year-over-year comparison. In the middle of the slide you will see adjusted operating cash flow. We believe that the $32.5 million in adjusted operating cash flow this year compared to $51.2 million last year is a better representation of operating cash flow. We have separately listed the other items in order to reconcile to the amounts on the cash flow statement. The $18.7 million decline in adjusted operating cash flow is principally caused by lower earnings and both a higher level of and certain variations in the timing of payments for a number of operating items. Partially offsetting these outflows was a $35.8 million cash inflow improvement from working capital reductions. Now, below this level of adjusted operating cash flow there were certain other items included in the reported cash flow from operations. Payments of $14.2 million were made under certain foreign currency hedge contracts, which you can see last year resulted in the receipt of cash of $2.6 million. At current rates of foreign exchange we would not expect these payment outflows to continue.  Also there were higher cash outflows related to restructuring payments this year compared to last year. You will also note that last year's reported operating cash flow included certain cash receipts for the sale of a building and release of escrowed funds related to an acquisition. Capital spending was $14 million in the first quarter of this year, which included planned growth spending for our plant in Belarus, and the further expansion of our plant in Kunshan, China.  Last year first quarter capital spending was $15.4 million. Our current plans call for 2009 capital spending to be in a range of $60 to $70 million, which is down from the previously communicated range of $75 to $80 million. We will continue to mange the balance between investing and capturing growth opportunities as warranted by the business environment, and we will adjust our capital plans accordingly.  As seen on slide twelve, accounts receivable decreased $43.8 million from year end levels, primarily due to the lower sales and continued strong collections. Currency translation accounted for $12.6 million of the decrease. Day's sale outstanding improved to 62 days at quarter end compared to 64 days at year end. All of our businesses are being extra vigilant in managing and monitoring customer accounts and credit risks in this environment. Inventories at the end of the quarter were done $18.5 million reflecting $11.1 million of currency translation and $7.4 million of lower net inventories. Due to the slow sales environment, inventory turns declined from 4.6 times at year end 2008 to 4.3 times currently. Where our manufacturing production schedules in response to the continued volume declines and expect further reductions in inventories.  Net debt at the end of the quarter of $416.3 million was up $16.7 million from year end 2008. Our net debt to capital ratio of 26.5% increased slightly from 25.2% at year end. Our liquidity position and access to credit continues to remain strong. Cash on hand at the end of the quarter was $400.7 million.  We issued $300 million principal amount of long-term unsecured notes on February 24 to take advantage of what we believed were favorable market conditions in what continues to be an uncertain and unpredictable credit environment.  We issued $100 million of notes due in 2014 at an all in effective rate of 6% including discount fees and expenses, and $200 million of notes due in 2019 at an all in effective rate of 6.8%. We anticipate using the net proceeds of $298 million from the debt issuances for general corporate purposes, including the payment of $150 million of upcoming debt maturities in January 2010.  In addition to the $400 million of available cash on hand and our cash flows from operations, we currently maintain a $500 million revolving credit facility provided by a strong diversified group of international banks, which does not expire until August 2012. We also have another $20 million of committed bank lines.  At quarter end, the entire $520 million of borrowing capacity was available. In addition to these facilities, our current A2/P2 short-term credit rating allows us to access the commercial paper market should we chose to do so. We presently have no commercial paper outstanding. This concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. Before opening the call for questions, Nick would like to provide some final thoughts. 
Nicholas T. Pinchuk:  Well, as expected, we found the first quarter to be challenging. The recession spread and it impacted more of our operations. But as we said before, and as we said before, Snap-on is not immune to the difficulties. But our business models, our brand and the robust processes that make up Snap-on value creation they combine to limit the damage. We believe this business has strong runway so we've continued to invest. Invest in the health of our franchisees, in the penetration of critical industries, in the driving of our technology advantage and repair garages, and in building our emerging market position. And we're making headway in each of those areas and we believe it will serve us well as we go forward.  One other closing thought. Snap-on has made significant progress over recent quarters, lowering breakeven and becoming generally a stronger enterprise. Just consider this, the last time our sales were this low was in the first quarter of 2006 they were about $585 million. That's not too long ago, first quarter of 2006. OI margin in that period was 6.5%. That means that OI margins in the first quarter of 2009 at roughly the same volume were about 400 basis points better. Now, we'll be the first to say that we're far from satisfied by the past quarter's results. There is, believe me, abundant room for improvement. However, I can't let this call end without recognizing the extraordinary contributions of our associates and franchisees that have brought us so much. The people that have authored the 400 basis points of improvement over just that short time, my thanks to each and every one of you. Now, we'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Leiker - Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  A couple of things, the one big item that jumps out is the SG&A line. Can you give us some perspective of how much of that performance there is a function of you taking costs out of the business on a permanent basis as opposed to the numbers flexing with where the revenue line is so we have some sense going forward how sustainable this level of SG&A spending is?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, generally the way we view it, David, is like this, it's an imprecise science, of course, but we figure about 5% comes out, about $5 million, you got $100 million worth of movement, which we had in the quarter in sans currency. You get about $5 million out for direct variable costs associated with the selling operation. And then you got between $7 and $10 associated with I'll say temporary cost reductions associated with the volume of activity, and then the rest I think are pretty good permanent type cost reductions.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  If you look back at the beginning of the quarter, where are the things that are most different than what you were expecting them to be?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I think a few things. I think first of all we didn't expect as much de-stocking of the European distributor businesses. That was a little stronger than we thought. So we saw de-stocking there through January into February. That lasted longer than we thought it was going to be. As I said, it seems to be abating a little bit. Big ticket items drove deeper than we thought. Those are the two, and then I think we saw industrial, the mission critical businesses soften somewhat more than we had expected. I would have said, David, that directionally we expected de-stocking both in our franchisees and in the distributors, so we're not talking directionally we're talking about how much. And we expected big ticket items, we've been talking big ticket items for a long time and certainly that's an issue. I think we didn't know where industrial was going to come out.  We knew we'd be impacted eventually by the uncertainty and so on, so we didn't know where that was going to happen and it came out maybe a little lower than we thought. I'm not sure how that's going to play out going forward because we had some good news and some bad news in that area, as I elaborated on in the call. Schools were up and some of our other businesses were down. So that's really where we were, we are.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  But it sounds like as you ended the quarter, early signs that things are at least stabilized if not getting a little bit better?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. I don't want to get, I think being in the prediction business in this environment is a dangerous profession. But I will say logically this, is that there has to be an end to destocking and so we would expect that to end at some time going forward. And I think maybe we're seeing some of that play out both in the franchisee business and in the European business.
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And just one last item and that's if you can touch on your franchisees here in the U.S. and just their financial health and how they're weathering the downturn and if there's anything you're doing extraordinarily to help them out, and just kind of talk about the state of the franchise business for us.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Okay, sure. I think the top line is the franchisees are managing the downturn with reasonable capability with our aid. Terminations and on-hold franchisees, which are sort of our measures of problems in the system, are flat. So we haven't seen significant changes in those leading indicators or indicators of franchisee health. That's one good thing. I think we feel good about that.  There was a dip say through February in what I would call delivered sales for the franchisees and that's come back in March, so we're seeing a little bit of positives in that regard. On an anecdotal basis, I was just with about 400 franchisees in a colloquium and they were all reasonably positive. Now, I suppose I could have selected a different set of 400 franchisees and gotten a little bit more pessimistic view of the world. But I think in general we would say that our franchisee system is maintaining itself reasonably well.  We have what we call a Snap-on stimulus package, so we're out trying to help them every day. We're working overtime trying to train them how to identify business opportunities in terms of reducing their own SG&A, just things we've been talking about in terms of making sense, don't idle the truck as much and you save fuel that kind of thing, using different ways to purchase various commodities. We also are providing them a little more support from time to time.  For example, selective places where we're providing extensions on some of the leases for their vans, we've implemented a new program called a small balance extended credit, which takes our traditional credit activity and moves it down in sticker price to allow it to be more effective for the franchisees and maybe they don't need quite so much cash to manage their, what we would call their usual day-to-day business.  And we've been installing some new systems, which allow them to be more productive in getting to more customers. And I would just leave it at, we get up every day I think I tell them this, and it's really true thinking about how to improve their health so we keep coming up with ideas and put it as part of their, as part of the stimulus package.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott.
James Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: First question on the CapEx, while the adjustment is not big in terms of material dollars just wanted to delve a little deeper just from a thought process. Were there any particular project, one project that was cancelled or is this just reviewing your plans going into the year and tightening the budget?
Martin M. Ellen:  Jim, it's Marty, good morning. It's really the latter, and as we said in our prepared remarks, the important focus investment, the very important strategic investments continue. But as you can imagine in this environment, for example, project that target productivity improvement for example at the margin in factories that already have excess capacity, those could be postponed in this environment. So we continue to look at it diligently, and the small reduction of $10 million or so we guided this morning was a result of that review.
James Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Two housekeeping questions, the flat van count, what is the actual number?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk:  Jim, in the U.S. we're roughly at 34, 45.
James Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay and R&D in the quarter?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk:  Give me your next question.
James Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: And then switching gears, you know, Nick, you alluded to a couple of, for lack of a better term, early indications that there may be some signs out there that things are at least not getting worse. Europe you talked about the de-stocking at the distributor level. When you're looking at going forward of where demand versus inventory levels are in the distribution channel, how much of a disconnect do you see out there in Europe right now?
Nicolas T. Pinchuk:  Well, I think, we were down 23% versus last year in terms of our absolute numbers and I think you could say that the disconnect is between five and ten points. It's the same kind of thing we're seeing in the United States.  The United States is somewhat less, but we see that kind of thing we laid out that out for you that the off the van sales is down 11%, but the absolute number was 18%, a little bit longer and that range is the same kind of thing we're seeing in Europe.
James Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: And with regards to the emerging market strategy, in the prepared remarks you talked about some of the manufacturing moves that are taking place. With regards to some of the sales initiatives, you've talked a lot in terms of opportunities in China with the [Bako] brand in particular, looking into Eastern Europe as well as some non-automotive markets. What is the early read through with some of those investments you made on the sales side?
Nicolas Pinchuk:  Well, we're doing our position in equipment, if you want to go product by product, is fairly strong. Our equipment product line is certainly, if not the leader, one of the leaders, certainly the leader in the premium equipment business in many of the markets in Asia. So we're very positive about that. We see that as helping us penetrate the garage in a big way and get us in there, an opportunity to demonstrate Snap-on technology.  We have a sort of Asianized version of our imaging alignment in there now. And we're launching a new product I guess it will be the third or fourth quarter this year in Asia that will allow us to penetrate automotive garages and I'm pretty sanguine about that. Our [Bako] businesses, our hacksaw business in Asia when we transferred our hacksaws to Asia, that worked fairly well for us and we continue having nonpareil brand in the cutting tools of Asia.  There are places, I think we've had this discussion before where the [Bako] branded cutting tools are premium line in several of the hardware distribution outlets in Asia. So we feel pretty good about that. The Wand activity we're still early days in developing our hand tool line for Asia. So I suppose you could say the jury is still out on that, but we remain confident in the ability to do that. Does that give you some color?
James Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: That's very helpful. Final question, I'm not sure if this is directed to you or Marty, kind of somewhat interrelated that the balance sheet taking advantage of recent markets locking into some good rates. You've got very healthy balance sheet, you alluded to the liquidity you have on there. So just any updates on the capital allocation and then secondly, with regards to the Snap-on credit joint venture, any updates there as well?
Nicola T. Pinchuk:  Well, I'll deal with the capital allocation, I think we've said it, we took advantage of the credit markets because we thought the numbers were favorable, the rates were favorable. We have a tranche of debt that comes due I think next January. We wanted to be in position to manage that capably. That will still give us some substantial amount of cash and how we use that going forward will be determined as events evolve.  We are not without the idea that we could have acquisition opportunities, but I'm not signaling the idea we'd talk about acquisitions. And there is, of course, the credit company discussions that are ongoing, and I'll let Marty talk about the credit company. 
Martin M. Ellen:  Yes, Jim, as you know and as many of you know on the call, our U.S. joint venture Snap-on Credit with CIT essentially expires in January 2010, unless both parties choose to renew. That's a decision that needs to be made by June 30 of this year. I'll provide you with some color in terms of CIT and I'll preface my remarks by saying that none of my information comes from the inside at all, it's public domain information.  I will say that we believe CIT wants to renew the joint venture. We believe that CIT's condition and status has improved dramatically over the last year, which is a good sign as many of you know they ran into the same difficulties that many financial services firms ran into. And over the last year have, in fact, become a bank holding company, have received government funds and have a number of the government, what I call, subsidy programs available to them. Their capital ratios have improved.  So those are all very good signs in terms of their health. And given the improvement in their health and their desire to want to continue, we are proceeding with them on that basis through negotiations and discussions and will have to have a final decision before the end of the second quarter.
Nicolas T. Pinchuk:  I wanted to circle back, excuse me, your R&D question not to avoid it. We spent about $10 million and you'll see in the detailed P&L in the Q, about $10 million in R&D and SG&A. However, I should point out our software development costs, much of our software development costs, which were actually $2 million higher this year than year, do get reported in cost of goods sold.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:
Nicolas T. Pinchuk:  It helps it a lot. First of all, we love it when the aftermarket gets more business because in effect independent garages engage a wider range of vehicles makes sense, right. Chevy dealership primarily works on Chevy's so, therefore, its need for a broad range of tools, whether diagnostics or hand tools or power tools, to deal with that particular model, those particular geometries, those particular computer systems, are much narrower.  So the aftermarket to the extent that there's more repair hours to the aftermarket, each technician must be prepared to deal with a wider range of products, he buys more tools. We document this all the time. And one of the great things about it is our diagnostics businesses, for lack of a better word, laptop for cars.  We have, of course, some pretty strong ergonomic laptops that plug into cars or deal with them on a wireless basis. But we also have probably the best database of a wide range of models over a wide number of years, and that gives us a great competitive advantage in the aftermarket. So we like it when the aftermarket gets more.
Anthony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: It would seem with projected SAAR and projected dealership closings that you might be positioning or have some of the best tailwinds you might have seen in your business in some time. And I'm just wondering at what point do you start to see that inflection where, let me step back. When you look at your customer, is a dealer technician or is an aftermarket installer, does one differ more than the other in terms of the purchasing power or the amount of generation or revenue capture you can get from one customer versus the next.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk:  Yes, there are. The independent technician, the aftermarket guy purchases more tools. That's for sure. He'll purchase more hand tools. He'll purchase more diagnostics. So to the extent he has more business, we have more business. So we love the trend. Now when does this happen? I'm not so sure. In the last let's say year, the OEM dealerships and primarily you're talking about the Americans now because they're the one who have stated their closing dealerships, they had a base of about 14,000 dealerships. They closed 800 or 900 or so. They're talking about closing another 3600.  It's an imprecise science, Tony, because you're talking closing rooftops as opposed to where the repair's going to go. But some of that business is going to migrate to other dealerships, some of it's going to migrate to independents and to the extent it migrates to the independents, we'll see an uptick. But I can't tell you where the inflection point will be. I can tell you if for example GM, Ford and Chrysler decided to close down their aftermarket, we would benefit.
Anthony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  That's helpful because it definitely seems like you're business is very well positioned both diagnostically and from a tool standpoint from the aftermarket, and it seems like trends definitely are headed that way.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Before you go I want to point out, though, we have a good penetration of the OEM dealerships, too. We're in those businesses as well so we like those businesses. It's just the nature of the industry the way it's structured is that the independents use more of our products.
Anthony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Well, and I would imagine if you've got a dealer, an OE dealer technician who maybe their facility closes their base closed and he lands in the aftermarket, what's the likelihood that he brings that brand recognition with him and thus may get a lift for existing customers as well.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk:  It might be. It might be. Certainly, the technicians are not going to go away they're going to go to, if a Ford dealership closes on one corner and there's no other Ford dealerships in town or dealerships in town, those guys are going to be employed in the independents. They'll bring their tools and they'll bring their customers, but they'll need more tools to work as an independent.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sarah Hunt – Alpine Fund. 
Sarah Hunt – Alpine Fund:  To sort of follow up on that on a different way, if we get a junker clunker law, or something along those lines that has an incentive to put people in new cars, how do you guys feel about that?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, obviously that would change the aging of the cars, but the other factor about that is when new cars come out, they have new facilities or new geometries. One, they tend to have more computers. They tend to have different geometries and a lot of our new product innovation has to do with the new cars coming out. So I'm no sure how that would affect us.
Sarah Hunt – Alpine Fund: Okay, so you don't look at that and say, sort of it could be, it could go either way.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Right, I'd have to figure that out. We'd have to look at it carefully. But for example, if the world changed to hybrids tomorrow, we'd still be in business, believe me. In fact, it might help us. In our business any kind of change probably helps. Moving into independents is a positive to us. Moving to new cars can be a positive when those new cars come in. Aging of cars helps us at some point, too. 
Sarah Hunt – Alpine Fund: Okay, I was just curious as to what you guys thought about it. 
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Right, I don't know. We monitor that, I'm not sure there is going to be a junker law but it'll be interesting to see what happens.
Sarah Hunt – Alpine Fund:  Well, it seems to be all over the place and then they yes for foreign, no for foreign, so I'm not sure they're actually going to get anything done. But certainly Germany, from a new car sales perspective, it definitely listed sales. So I'm just curious as to whether or not that was something that you felt positively or negatively about. But it's an interesting thought because change is good for you, so it may not be a clear cut negative.
Operator:  And as it appears there are no further questions at this time, Mr. Ellen, I'd like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Martin M. Ellen:  Thank you, [Chad], and thank you everyone for joining us this morning for our first quarter call.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Martin M. Ellen - Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer Nicholas T. Pinchuk - President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Seaver Wang - Utendahl Capital Partners, L.P. Sarah Hunt - Alpine
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Snap-on Incorporated 2008 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of our remarks we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marty Ellen, Chief Financial Officer, you may begin sir.
Martin M. Ellen: Thank you, Ms. Dean and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's fourth quarter 2008 results. By now you should have seen our press release issue this morning. Snap-on reported record earnings for the fourth quarter and the full year. That said, economic headwinds clearly increased during the fourth quarter. And as we enter into 2009, business conditions are clearly more challenging than we anticipated 90 days ago. We believe our businesses are reasonably well positioned to weather these challenges and that continued execution of our core business strategies and value added processes will continue to strengthen Snap-on over the long term. Joining me is Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's President and CEO. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. I will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results and afterwards we will take your questions. Consistent with past practice, we will use slides to help illustrate our discussion. You can find the copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today's call. Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state management's or the company's outlook, plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. This call is copyrighted material by Snap-on Incorporated. It is intended solely for the purpose of this audience. Therefore, it cannot be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast by any means without Snap-on's expressed permission. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Nick. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Marty. Good morning, everybody. Speaking on the fourth quarter, I would say that we are encouraged by the performance, especially given the macroeconomic challenges of what I would call these very interesting times. I think I've said before that Snap-on is not immune to the difficulties of today. But, we believe that our business models are quite strong and when they are matched with our capable processes, the result is an operation which is resilient, which is positioned well and which can limit the impact of a difficult environment and which can emerge from the difficulties with an expanded strategic advantage. And I think we're seeing play out here. I'll highlight some of that as we review the fourth quarter performance. Speaking of fourth quarter, sales were down 10.1%, more than half of that decline was from currency translation resulting from the stronger U.S. dollar, and that change is pretty rapid, it was rapid in fact, primarily in the fourth quarter and with more than 40% of our sales outside the U.S., the impact on Snap-on was significant. Excluding currencies, the volume was still down, about 4.5%, I think the exact number is 4.4%. But despite lower sales, operating margins reached 14.2%, our brand positions, our product innovations and the improved processes embedded in the Snap-on way of creating value, all contributed to those profitability gains. And based on that, the earnings per share reached to $1.01, up from $0.98 in the fourth quarter of 2007. For the full year, sales were over $2.8 billion, that's an increase that's flat, it's an increase of less than 1%. But operating margin was 13.2%, up 200 basis points from the 11.2 reported last year. And that corresponded to about 20% increase in operating income. EPS for the year reached $4.07, up 26% from 2007. Both the fourth quarter and the full year for 2008 were record performances for Snap-on. I believe they were particularly extraordinary period given the significant headwind. And before I go further, it's appropriate to recognize that the brand positions, the business models, the processes, the capable processes and those records would not have been possible without the enormous contributions of our dedicated associates and our loyal franchisees. My congratulations and my thanks to all of you. We do believe our broad business models are sound even in these turbulent times. They are advantaged, because they provide unique solutions for serious professionals that are performing critical tasks. And we're extending those models geographically, particularly into emerging markets. And when we combine that strength... that strength of model with Snap-on value creation that is processes aimed at safety, quality, customer care, rapid continuous improvement and innovation, the result is strong, a strong and resilient business that we believe has substantial potential over the long term. Of course, we all know times are difficult, but actually we see strategic opportunities in this situation. And we believe we are taking advantage. We've increased share in some of our major customers segments like automotive, technicians and repair shop owners. New customers in industries have been added as we keep extending our Snap-on brand out of the garage. And of course, we build in the emerging markets, where growth opportunities still abound. Actually, I believe we are not letting the crisis go to waste. We are making significant advances in each of these areas and we are strengthening our competitive position. At the same time, we know we do face challenges of the economy, everyday we see that. We are working to strike the right balance, aiming to limit the damage, still making the strategic progress that will be decisive, that will be decisive for us as the positive times return. For example, given the present uncertainty, we increased our restructuring in the fourth quarter to a total of $6.7 million, that brought the full year to $14.7 million and that's higher than we had previously communicated. We projected those actions will reduce 2009 cost by about $19 million. At the same time, we spent more restructuring money. However, we also accelerated capital expenditures to further expand manufacturing capacity in China and Eastern Europe. We believe those investments are essential for the future. We also continue to invest in innovation. In the fourth quarter we completed a Snap-on innovation works here in Kenosha, advanced vehicle repair facilities; two and three dimensional prototyping labs and whole areas specifically devoted to industrial customers in critical industries. We found out now that innovation sells, even in this environment, so we'll continue to invest. See we believe, the challenges posed by the current environment don't call for a change in strategy or direction. Rather they require more vigilant balance between growth investments and a need for further cost reductions and that balance is our primary task as we go forward into 2009. Now I would like to give you my perspective on the fourth quarter performance across the operating segments. We'll start with commercial and industrial. Europe did slow dramatically in the fourth quarter. Overall activity was down 13% and the Southern Europe regions were particularly challenged. Volume in Spain and Italy declined by 30%, a major difficulty and beyond the declines in end-user demand; SNA Europe was also challenged by some level of destalking among its distributors. They faced tight credit controls and they reduced inventory. So we're seeing some difficult conditions in Western Europe. In Eastern Europe where we've targeted a number of growth initiatives, sales on a constant currency basis were actually down 3.5%. But we're not discouraged; we believe that Eastern Europe is a continuing opportunity, sales were up almost 9% for the year, backing up that feeling. So we're going to keep building in that important arena. Overall, SNA Europe has worked fairly hard improving its cost position, migrating manufacturing from higher cost countries, sourcing more finished products from lower cost regions and our European brands and our market positions remains strong, and the combined with the improved cost position, that should enable us for much better performance as the European market. Now let's turn to under-car equipment. That business had a decrease of almost 12.1% in the quarter on the constant currency basis. It's just difficult to sell big ticket, higher price capital goods in this environment. But while the sales declined, we believe our global share is actually improving. In the second quarter, we introduced our most advanced significant productivity advantage over conventional alignment systems. And as a consequence, sales of imaging alignment products were actually... were up double-digits in the fourth quarter. We are gaining share in what we think is the strategically decisive alignment segment, and it's based on the innovation like the present. We view that as important progress. And as in prior periods, our industrial business continues to expand the Snap-on brand beyond the automotive garage, focusing on the needs of professionals in a variety of critical industries. Sales for that business in the fourth quarter were up 11.2%, with solid double-digit gains across our government, aerospace, alternate energy and educational markets. As on a slide, alternate energy appears to be developing into a significant opportunity. Snap-on hosted the initial meeting of the National Wind Energy Training Consortium recently right here in Kenosha. Some at that conference were predicting 180,000 service tax will be needed for wind power over the next several... over the next few years... next several years. Now, I noticed today in The New York Times there was an article that said something like though days for green energy. But we believe that over time alternate energy will be a significant business, and we are in on a ground floor, so we feel good about our position in alternate energy. I think some of this section is the extending Snap-on brand to other industries is working well. For the full year, our industrial business grew by 13%, showing long-term strength. As I said before, we believe that business has great runway and the sales keep confirming that belief. China and much of the Asia is also experiencing a slowdown. However, many believe that China economy will still grow, mid and maybe high single digits in 2009. And I don't think that's bad given this depth of the global recession. So we continue to invest in key capabilities and physicals. Earlier this year, we acquired Hot Forge (ph) hand tool manufacturing capability in our Wanda Snap-on joint venture. We're also expanding our Kunshan saw plant to manufacture ban saws and we're building right now a third plant for tool storage units on the Kunshan site. We know Asia is important and we haven't back dropped one bit. All in all, I am pleased with the progress across commercial and industrial. We are capturing share, we are expanding our capabilities and our margins are expanding. Turning to Snap-on Tools segment. Constant currency sales declined 3.1% globally in the fourth quarter. U.S. sales were down 5%. Clearly, our franchisees are being challenged. The technician customers are generally busy, but there're uncertain. They continue to buy essential tools and products, but there're increasingly reluctant to buy a higher priced more discretionary products, like our tool storage units. And I think that trend is going to be with us for the near term. In our U.S. franchise system, we did again sequentially grow van count in the quarter, ending the year about flat with 2007 and franchisee turnover in the U.S. remained stable, even with the third quarter and it's lower than a year-ago. So I would say our network in this situation is still solid and strong. The big ticket drop, however is a worry, is a challenge. We continue to help our franchisees navigate the difficulties of course and so we're encouraging them to lower inventory levels. And we believe they did in the quarter, improving their breakeven and cash flow and that's going to strengthen them going forward. On the cost side, fuel prices are down and we successfully negotiated network wide credit card processing, office supplies and shipping programs that further reduced our franchise costs. Recently, I think it's worthwhile to relate that Marty and I and other senior managers attended some of our 2009 regional franchisee kick-off meetings that are held across the country. Franchise attendance in general was good. A number of products and promotional programs were introduced and we spent, a considerable time was spent on business planning, sales and cost management techniques. The most important thing though, was the attitudes of the franchisees were positive. They said that times are difficult, but the corporation's cost management programs are really healthy. They also feel I think significantly that they're gaining on the competition. In fact our coverage in the U.S. technician market increased through out 2008 and we believe that our market share rose in the fourth quarter. So Snap-on competitive position is improving. We continue to believe in the longer-term fundamentals of vehicle repair, it's positive. The overall part continues to age with more than 40% of the cars over 10 years old. And while some discretionary repairs maybe postponed in the short-term, and we believe this could be happening. This will only lead to even more repairs in the long-term and our network will be there to take advantage, holding a larger share. One final note on the franchisee network. Recently Entrepreneur Magazine recognized Snap-on Tools as number five in home base franchises and 37th overall amongst the 3,500 franchise businesses that they cover. Two years ago, we ranked 61st and more importantly, we now ranked as the number one mobile tool franchise. That recognition is important because it helps attract capable people to Snap-on franchises and it further confirms the strength of our van model. In diagnostics and information, constant currency sales were down 5% to 6%, mostly driven by the timing of OEM programs. Earlier this year, I think I've talked about this already. We introduced our new VERUS handheld diagnostic platform as a powerful piece of equipment. It not only contains all of our diagnostics software, but integrates with Mitchell 1 service information. Even at its higher price point, it sold well and that further provides evidence that innovation sells even in tough times. Now if you think about diagnostics, I think you'll recognize that Snap-on business solutions and our OEM facilitation group are both directly affected by the auto dealership segment. And while consolidation of U.S. dealerships will have some impact, we do have new business opportunities. We recently signed agreements to develop new electronic price catalogs for Australia and Brazil. We also have expansion opportunities with number of European OEs. And there are OEs who provide their own in-house electronic price catalogs that are now looking to outsource their programs to Snap-on. Finally, in the time of lower new car sales, dealerships are looking to expand their backlog with revenue, to expand revenue. Snap-on has just launched a new product that greatly improves their ability to sell that genuine part, those genuine parts in the aftermarket. It's called Namore (ph). We see it as a strong opportunity and so to our dealer customers. The auto industry environment is a challenge. But we see long-term opportunities in the repair side of that industry. And we are investing accordingly. So I'll characterize the fourth quarter as encouraging, and the year as well. It's record financial performance, and significant strategic progress on a number of fronts, even in the face of stiffening economic headwinds. And now Marty will take us through the financials and when he is done I would like to share some closing thoughts with you as we enter 2009, Marty?
Martin M. Ellen: Thanks Nick. I will begin on slide six, Net sales of $668 million declined 10.1% from last year. However, excluding currency translation, sales were down 4.4%. The U.S. dollar rapidly strengthened during the fourth quarter against our key currencies, while strengthened by only 3% against the euro, the dollar strengthened against the pound, the Canadian dollar and Australian dollar by 15% or more just in September. In the balance of my remarks, any references to percentage changes in sales will be on a currency neutral basis. Looking at sales performance geographically, in the United States, sales declined 1%, with sales in our U.S. franchisee business down 5%. This business comprised 27% of this quarter's global sales. Sales in our U.S. industrial business, however, grew significantly double-digit, up 14.5% in the quarter. The declining economic conditions in Western Europe contributed to our 11% sales decline in this geography. Western Europe comprised about 25% of this quarter's global sales. Sales in our European tools and under-car equipment businesses faced increasing headwinds due to the slowing European economies. In our equipment business which sells more expensive capital equipments was again conflicted with the challenges of the economic slow-down as well as tight credit conditions. Consolidated gross profit of $300 million in the quarter was down $33.4 million, the reported gross profit margin of 44.9% was flat with last year. However, if we strip out the effects of LIFO inventory valuation which produced a $6 million gain last year, versus $300,000 of expense this year, gross margins on a FIFO basis improved to 45% this year, compared to 44.1% last year. This 90 basis point improvement resulted primarily from a combination of higher pricing, improved productivity and cost savings from RCI and lower year-over-year restructuring. These improvements were partially offset by $9.5 million of higher commodity and certain other cost increases. Additionally, fourth quarter manufacturing production slowdowns reduced gross margin in the quarter. Operating expenses of $211.4 million in the quarter decreased $33.7 million from 2007, including benefits of $12.6 million from rapid continuous improvement savings, $10.9 million from currency translation and $9.3 million of lower incentive compensation expense. Operating expenses in 2008 were also reduced by a $5.4 million adjustment of a contingent liability related to Snap-on business solutions. In this comparison, you should note that operating expenses in 2007, benefited from a $4 million gain on the sale of a building in Europe. Financial services contributed $8.9 million of operating income in the quarter, as compared with $8 million, last year. I will financial services in the later slide. Operating earnings of $97.5 million, for the quarter were up 1.2%, over the last year. As a percent of total revenues, operating earnings improved to 14.2%, up 160 basis points from the 12.6% earned last year. Before I move beyond operating earnings, let me summarize some of the important items affecting the fourth quarter year-over-year operating income comparison. In 2008, our recorded operating income included $9.3 million of lower incentive compensation expense and the $5.4 million favorable contingent liability adjustment, I just mentioned. Partially offsetting these increases was $6.4 million of unfavorable currency translation. These three items caused a net improvement and operating earnings of $8.3 million. In 2007, however, our reported operating income included $6 million of LIFO benefits and the $4 million gain on the sale of the facility in Europe, for a net improvement last year of $10 million in the fourth quarter. Moving on, interest expense in the quarter was down $2.8 million from 2007, primarily as a result of lower interest rates on our floating rate debt and lower average debt levels in the quarter. Our effective income tax rate on earnings before equity earnings and minority interests was 31.9% in the fourth quarter, as compared to 31.2% last year. Diluted earnings per share of $1 in the quarter were up, from $0.98 earned last year. With that, I will now turn to our segment results. Starting with the commercial and industrial group on slide seven, segment sales of $326.8 million declined 4.9%, year-over-year before currency. We continue to experience lower sales of professional tools in Europe and lower overall equipments sales worldwide, despite strong double-digit increases in sales of our new imaging aligner products. We also experienced higher sales from industrial customers worldwide and to a lesser extent, increased sales of power tools. Gross margin of 37.8% improved 190 basis points from last year as contributions from higher pricing, lower restructuring and rapid continuous improvements more than offset $4.8 million of commodity and other cost inflation. We also had higher cost associated with manufacturing production slowdowns in the quarter. Notwithstanding the weakened sales environment, fourth quarter operating earnings of $39.1 million for the segment increased 2.4% from last year. This includes $9.8 million of savings from RCI along with contributions from higher pricing and $7.3 million of lower restructuring cost. The year-over-year comparison was also affected by the 2007 $4 million building gain already mentioned. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings in C&I segment improved 170 basis points in the quarter to 12%. Turning now to slide eight. On a worldwide basis, the Snap-on Tools Group reported sales of $252.4 million, down 3.1% without currency. In the U.S., sales were down 5%. Our international franchise businesses including Canada grew slightly about 1%, and van count in the U.S. was up slightly from the third quarter and flat with year-end 2007. After factoring out the affects of restructuring costs, which were $1 million higher this year and the LIFO effects in both years, the gross margin was 42.2% in 2008 and 43.7% in 2007. We gained about a 150 basis points of margin improvement through pricing which did offset commodity and other cost inflation. However, mix shift and higher cost associated with slowing production in our plans, lowered the overall gross margin. With respect to operating margin and again factoring out the effects of LIFO and restructuring cost in both periods, the operating margin in 2008 was 9.6%, compared to 11.3% last year. The effects of mix and higher cost due to production slowdowns were the principle reasons for the margin decline. Turning to the diagnostics and information group which is shown on slide nine. Fourth quarter sales of $152.9 million declined 5.6% before currency. The largest portion of this decline occurred in our OEM group, due principally to lower program sales in Europe. As we've said in the past, revenue comparisons for the OEMs business are influenced by the timing of these programs. In our worldwide diagnostics business; sales were down less than 1%. However, sales in North America were up 2% sales of Mitchell shop management and repair information products were up about 1%. A large portion of the 3.8% decline in sales at business solutions resulted from our exit earlier in the year of certain non-core product lines. Operating earnings for the diagnostics and information group of $34.3 million, increased $6.9 million from 2007 levels, including the $5.4 million contingent liability adjustment. Excluding this adjustment, operating earnings in the quarter were up 5.5%, year-over-year. Despite the lower sales, primarily due to $3 million of savings from ongoing rapid continues improvement initiatives. As a percentage of sales and again, excluding the $5.4 million adjustment, operating earnings for the D&I group improved 270 basis points year-over-year, from 16.2% last year to 18.9% this year. Moving to slide 10. Financial services operating income improved $900,000, originations of about $122 million or $18 million lower than last year due to lower sales of big ticket items sold by our franchisees. As these are the products which tends to get financed through Snap-on credit. While origination volume was down, lower discount rates on contracts sold led to the improved earnings. Many of you continue to ask about the credit quality of the portfolio of Snap-on credit loans to technicians. Accounts 60 plus days delinquent at the end of December were about 2.3%. At the end of September they were 1.9%. At the end of 2007 and 2006, they were about 2%. The high water mark was actually was about 3% at the end of 2005 and was mostly due to the consolidation of Snap-on credit steel organization. Three years prior to 2005, and going all the way back to 2001; the highest level experienced was about 2.2%. So the recent quarter trend is up, although not unexpected in this environment. This trend also reflects the regional differences we're seeing in our U.S. franchise business. The Southeast and Southwest regions of the country, where economic conditions are generally worse, are having the biggest impact on this trend. Both Snap-on credit and our franchisees have always worked diligently to control delinquencies and have heightened their efforts given the current environment. Now let me turn to a brief discussion acknowledging cash flow. As seen on slide 11, our accounts receivable decreased $64.8 million from year end levels with $38.6 million of the reported decrease coming from currency translation. Day sales outstanding decreased to 64 days, down from 73 days at the end of the third quarter. All of our businesses are being extra vigilant in managing and monitoring customer accounts and credit risk in this environment. Inventory turns declined from 4.9 times at last year end to 4.6 times currently. They were 4.5 times at the end of last quarter. We did extract $10 million of cash out of inventories in the fourth quarter. The combination of inventory increases to support targeted growth opportunities including inventories acquired with our acquisition of Wanda in China, the effects of higher steel and other costs and lower than expected fourth quarter sales, all contributed to our inventory build. Our 2009 plans include inventory reductions. Pre-tax return on invested capital continued to improve in 2008. For the year, it was 22.3%, up from 20% last year. Net debt at the end of the quarter of $400 million was down $25 million from the $425 million last year. Our net debt to total capital ratio of 25.2% increased slightly from 24.9% last year. This slight increase occurred as shareholders equity at year-end 2008 was reduced by $130 million due to foreign currency translation and by a $118 million to record an increase in the unfunded liability of our pension and post retirement plans. In 2009, we expect to make pension contributions of only approximately 9.5 million and that primarily relates to our foreign plans. Our liquidity position continues to remain strong. Besides the cash flow generated from operations, we currently maintain a $500 million revolving credit facility provided by strong diversified group of international banks, which does not expire until August 2012. We also have another $20 million of committed bank lines. At the year end the entire $520 million of borrowing capacity was available. In addition to these facilities our current A2/P2 short term credit rating allows us to access the commercial paper market, should we need to do so. We presently have no commercial paper outstanding. Turning to slide 12, cash provided from operating activities was $46.3 million in the quarter and free cash flow was $20.7 million. For the year Snap-on generated $215 million of cash flow from operating activities and $141 million of free cash flow. Capital spending in the fourth quarter of $25.6 million was about $10 million higher than our previous estimate. Major expenditures in the fourth quarter included an acceleration of our strategic gross spending including the relocation and expansion of our plant in Belarus and the expansion of our plants in Kunshan, China. In the fourth quarter, we also spent $2 million to begin construction of an office and development facility to consolidate our North American Snap-on business solutions operations. The economics to build this building are attractive, given a number of local tax incentives and consolidating these groups will lower future operating expenses. We expect this project will be completed in 2009. Our current plans call for 2009 capital spending to be in a range of $75 million to $80 million, but we are not financially committed at this level of expenditure. Should circumstances dictate, we will adjust our capital plans. This concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance. Before opening the call for questions, Nick would like to provide some closing thoughts. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Thanks, Marty. Clearly, the economic challenges have increased. They appear to be spreading geographically and reaching more industries. I believe we said in the press release that as a result of the macroeconomic conditions and the financial headwinds of pensions and foreign exchange. We expect earnings to be down from last year in the first quarter, probably not a surprise. But we do enter 2009 in full throttle against those difficulties. Our RCI initiatives enabled us to offset rampant rises in commodity cost last year, and we see more opportunity for improvements in 2009. We are confident in the strength of those processes. We are confident that they can help us to limit the impact of the environment. So, we do see challenges going forward, but we also see opportunity, opportunity for strategic progress, just as we've made in recent quarters. So in 2009 we'll continue to maintain and strengthen our dealer network. And we believe gain share with technicians. We'll continue to role the Snap-on brand out of the garage, reaching more new customers and critical industries. We'll use our imaging technology and electronic parts catalogs and diagnostic products to gain share in automotive repair garages around the world. We'll become stronger in emerging market of the Asia Pacific and Eastern Europe. And I think most importantly, we're going to continue to build our innovation capabilities, because we've learned that that sells in any market. So going forward, we know we have challenges, but we also believe that our extraordinary business models, our brands and our capable processes will allow us to strike an effective balance. A balance between the long and short-term and allow us to emerge from these difficulties with an even stronger operation and stronger strategic positions than we enjoy today. Now I will turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We will take our first question from David Leiker. Please go ahead sir.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Keith on the line for David. I just wanted to set off by diving into the CapEx number. If you do decide to eventually dial back on some of the things that you identified, I mean how much could that number fall versus the $75 million to $80 million guidance?
Martin Ellen: Keith, this number could fall in $20 million to $30 million range.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Right. But we're not considering dialing back at this point. I want to emphasize that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And can you just elaborate some more on some of the expenses in China and Eastern Europe that are driving the year-over-year increase?
Martin Ellen: Yes. Keith in, let's just start in the quarter, we spent about $25 million and if you look at our growth investments, as I said in Belarus and Kunshan, they alone were $6 million to $7 million of the $25 million and that was somewhat accelerated from our original plan. The balance we've got still manufacturing improvements and capacity expansions going on in other plan, both in Europe and the U.S and those were another $4 million to $5 million in the quarter and then of course, you've got a base level of normal maintenance CapEx.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. If we look at the SG&A or the operating expenses line, at a pretty sizeable year-over-year decline in the fourth quarter. Obviously, the portion of that that's related to currencies and always going to be at the same magnitude and we are not going to get the contingency adjustment again. But is there any reason to believe that sort of base pace of decline can't continue or accelerate through 2009?
Martin Ellen: No, I mean, you said the word decline. We'll continue to remind you that, again our business model as we've sort of marched towards the mid single digit operating profitability target for the entire corporation, always included a structure that had us at mid 40s gross margin, about where we are and a lower 30s SG&A which is wherein recent periods, we've been making the improvements and we are going to continue to try to hold to that, even though the top line is going to be more challenged.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think what we've said is. This is Nick, Keith, this is Nick Pinchuk.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think, if you look at our results over the past several years, I don't think, I don't want to tie it to any percentage decrease, because that's associated with where the sales goes of course and that impacts somewhat. But we've been able to drive down our SG&A cost pretty effectively from quarter-to-quarter to quarter, because we believe strongly in the rapid continuous improvement process. And as I said on calls before, one of the great things about Snap-on is, it's a strong company. But everywhere Marty and I go, we see things that can be improved. Even today, after we've taken quite a few points out of SG&A. So, we see opportunity in the next quarter and for the foreseeable future in that line.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And if we look at just the year-over-year contribution margin across the businesses, and again we normalize for restructuring in the LIFO variances year-over-year. Was there anything in the quarter that was unusual or can you quantify the impacts on the manufacturing slowdowns?
Martin Ellen: Keith, our best estimate looks to be about $5 million of additional cost in the quarter due to production slowdowns.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Martin Ellen: Obviously, you know our business, and as you think about modeling going forward, obviously the margin contribution, the variable contribution affects really depend on the business unit, because obviously they have different margins structures.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Nicholas Pinchuk: You see a lot of different things occur. This is Nick again. You see a quite a few different things across the businesses. Big ticket items are down substantially, tool storage boxes are down almost 30%. However, I'd like to point out that just recently in the journal, they talked about, there was a article about sole revival, about the shoemakers having a boom. And at the same time the shoemakers in repairing shoes are having a boom, new shoe companies are lying off people. We're in automotive repair and our hand tools that are supporting that basic automotive repair are doing pretty well. They're pretty much flat year-over-year, even in the fourth quarter. It's the big ticket items that are hurting us. So when talk about production and absorption impacts, it's relatively complex question for us here.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then if we just look across each of the three business units, how are the things trended so far in January, versus sort of the reported numbers that we saw, organic growth numbers that we saw in the fourth quarter?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, the January numbers are about consistent with December actually, in terms of sales on an overall basis. Now December was a little squeezed, compared to the overall fourth quarter, but we didn't see a dramatic drop-off in volume in January. However, I'll hasten to say that for Snap-on January is a very narrow month historically. So we never make judgments based on January, positive or negative.
Unidentified Analyst: That's great. Thank you very much.
Martin Ellen: Thanks Keith.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Seaver Wang with Utendahl Capital.
Seaver Wang - Utendahl Capital Partners, L.P.: Hi, good morning.
Martin Ellen: Good morning.
Seaver Wang - Utendahl Capital Partners, L.P.: Hi. You said on the call, I think Nick, that you got... you encouraged franchisees to lower inventory that was proved and prudent? So, is there... I guess what would be the catalyst for them to try to have their inventory back at regular levels, just to being more comfortable with the outlook of the environment or, I mean what would be that?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think so I said, I think that the situation here of course the U.S. sales are down 5%. We would like to see them, see a little more comfortable on that situation. I think they are sitting like any independent businessman and saying, we believe in our business model. They're feeling instinctively the same the Wall Street Journal is reporting with the shoemaker repair. That repair keeps going on. We are not in automotive manufacturing, we're in repair. But they get up every morning and eat bad news for breakfast when they see CNN and they start worrying about things. So they try to reduce, there not a little bit, because they worry that perhaps it could worse. And so, I think what we'll is when people believe, when generally, when I say people, I think the environment as the recession has bottomed out. We have measured the bottom and we now feel confident, we can start to build our inventories back up. I think that will be the signal point.
Seaver Wang - Utendahl Capital Partners, L.P.: And you can tell us, some of the magnitude was down maybe 10%, did you have a suggestion of 10% or 20% or and an idea of what they reduce their inventories by?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think, it's probably I'd say, you can say between somewhere approaching $10 million.
Seaver Wang - Utendahl Capital Partners, L.P.: Okay. Alright and then just a quick question on acquisitions, your CapEx kind of keeping that mid $70 million to $80 million level and I guess if nothing changes, the acquisition strategy is still the same or do you think the activity will increase?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I think it's still the same. We remain alert for opportunities in critical areas where we think there might be acquisitions available that would further our strategic intent. In places like critical industries, in places like the automotive repair garage, in emerging markets things like that I think, I said it in my call. I actually, of course we're concerned and we are vigilant about the balance. But we see this situation as; in this situation we still see opportunities for share gain and perhaps the acquisition. I am not saying we're going to go on an acquisition binge, but we haven't changed our profile.
Seaver Wang - Utendahl Capital Partners, L.P.: Okay. Thank you.
Martin Ellen: Seaver, if it's more than this area (ph), CapEx as well because our guidance is $75 million to $80 million which is larger than we historically run at. Because we are building this facility in Ohio for business solution, that project get completes in '09, Had it not been for that project, our guidance probably would have be under $65 million, may be $70 million range. So, it's really a one-time expenditure and it completes in 2009.
Seaver Wang - Utendahl Capital Partners, L.P.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we'll take our next question from Sarah Hunt with Alpine.
Sarah Hunt - Alpine: Hi, good morning. Gentlemen.
Martin Ellen: Hey, Sarah.
Sarah Hunt - Alpine: My question is more of a larger one. Instead of given what's going on in the macro world and the political world and how much outsourcing you as well as a lot of other folks have done. If we start to get some trade legislation that looks like, we've got U.S. content laws or something along those lines, what it that due to the basic philosophy of outsourcing in lower cost countries, is that something that you guys have been talking about yet or is that just something we're hoping doesn't happen?
Martin Ellen: Well, No. I think; look I think there aren't many companies. There aren't many manufacturing companies today in industries like ours that are sourcing as much in the United States. So I believe, if they pass legislation that requires U.S. sourcing, we'll be advantaged. Not disadvantaged. That doesn't mean we are not alert for... from a microeconomic sense, opportunities to outsource in Asia and so on. But Snap-on product, Snap-on brand is still by and large sourced in United States.
Sarah Hunt - Alpine: Okay.
Martin Ellen: So I'd say we are among the most foremost in that situation. So bring it on.
Sarah Hunt - Alpine: Okay. Thank you.
Martin Ellen: Sure.
Operator: And with no further questions in queue, I'd like to turn it back over to Mr. Ellen for additional comments and closing remarks.
Martin Ellen: Thank you Ms. Dean and thank you everyone for joining us this morning and thank you for your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining us and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Nicholas Pinchuk – Chief Executive Officer and President Martin Ellen – Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts:  Analyst for David Leiker - Robert W. Baird  Alexander Paris - Barrington Research  Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott   
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the 2008 third quarter results conference call hosted by Snap-on Incorporated. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of our remarks we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference call, Marty Ellen, Chief Financial Officer.
Martin Ellen: Thank you Sean, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s third quarter 2008 results. By now you should have seen our press release issued this morning. Despite increased challenges in the economy, we believe that our third quarter results demonstrate our continued progress in our core strategic and operating initiatives. We’ll discuss these with you today. Joining me is Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s President and CEO. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our business and results. I will then provide a more detailed review of our financial results and afterwards, we’ll take your questions. Consistent with past practice, we will use slides to help illustrate our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website, along with a transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates or beliefs, or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans or projections, are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. This call is copyrighted material by Snap-on Incorporated. It is intended solely for the purpose of this audience. Therefore it cannot be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast by any means without Snap-on’s expressed permission. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Nick. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks, Marty. It appears we live in interesting times. Uncertainty seems to be the order of the day, and of course, Snap-on is not immune. What you can still depend on is that enabling solutions, real products for critical jobs, continue to be in demand, even now, and that’s what Snap-on is all about.  What’s also reliable, even in these times, is the strength of our corporation’s business model; the breadth of our customers; the power of our value creating processes, and most importantly, the capability and commitment of our team.  In this past quarter, those extraordinary characteristics were on display again. Sales growth was a lot tougher but the strength of our brands and the pull of our new innovative products provided what I think was significant buoyancy. All of that combined to create record earnings for the quarter. Operating margins expanded 170 points to over 12%. The EPS of $0.94 is a record for any third quarter, any time in the history of our corporation, and for the nine months completed so far this year, operating margins reached 13%.  Those of you who have been listening to us for some time might recall that this was the very goal we set for ourselves a couple of years ago. It was a goal we thought would be achieved, but we thought it would be achieved in 2010. We’re ahead of our own targets, despite the macroeconomic difficulties. Now I’ll be giving you some more specifics as we go forward, but before I do, I want to note that we could not have accomplished this past quarter’s performance without the extraordinary efforts of all our associates and franchisees.  I know many of you are listening in today to what is your call. My congratulations and my thanks to each and every one of you. It’s clear that these are turbulent times. There is significant uncertainty for both businesses and individuals. As I’ve said many times, Snap-on is not immune. We’re fully aware of the difficulties and we’re vigilant regarding the potential impact and the need to act against the eventualities. But having said that, we believe our strategies and business models do create resiliency.  We have a growing global position with an expanding presence in emerging markets. We benefit from a diverse set of professional users in critical industries from vehicle repair to aerospace to natural resources to alternate energy.  Those are fairly favorable places to be in difficult times, places where Snap-on products fill crucial needs, enhance productivity, and in the end make money for our customers.  Beyond that we hold some of the strongest brand positions anywhere. Underpinning all of this, is our value creation approach with differentiating processes like Rapid Continuous Improvement, enabling innovation and passionate customer care. So having said that as an overview, let me give you some highlights of our results. This year for the nine months, almost 45% of our sales were outside the U.S. That compares to about 42% for the same period just a year ago. About 8% of our global sales, are now in the emerging markets of Asia Pacific and Eastern Europe. If you look at international in a broad sense, the slowdown of Western European economies and the generally tighter credit conditions did make it even more challenging this quarter for both our SNA Europe tools business and for our European based equipment operations, but the rest of our international businesses remained strong contributors throughout the period.  Even a casual attention to the media I think today would lead you to question the global economy. We still see opportunity and runway. We’re continuing to invest in emerging markets. Progress continues on our third plant expansion in Kunshan, China. We’re already producing power tools and under-car equipment and hacksaws in that location.  Now we’re adding a third facility, supporting new products for Asia like band saws and tool storage. We’re continuing on schedule with that project and we expect to be up and running in about six months for both of those product lines.  The first quarter acquisition of our 60% interest in Wanda Snap-on is also proceeding well. That new venture is providing what I consider to be high-quality hot-forged hand tool capacity for our markets throughout the world. Let’s talk for a moment about Eastern Europe. I don’t know that we’ve highlighted that region as much as we might have, but we continue to see growth opportunities in those unclaimed markets, and we’re moving forward successfully with the relocation of our plant in Belarus.  I think I mentioned in the last quarter that that facility makes important cutting tools and they are low-cost and very high quality. So we’re looking forward to expanding those capabilities as we go forward.  Eastern Europe is a strategic growth region for us. Sales there are starting to be significant and they grew in the quarter by almost double digits and that’s excluding currency. We’re excited about the growth prospects in Eastern Europe and we’re going to keep investing.  Overall about emerging markets there’s still an awful lot for us to achieve; we’re only scratching the surface. So we’re going to keep investing, keep pursuing opportunities aggressively. Now turning to slide 6, let’s talk about our markets and our customer base. We feel we’re in an encouraging position. For vehicle repair technicians: remember, they are served by our Snap-on tools distribution channel, the van.  With those customers we remain the leader, the aspirational brand of choice; this is clear. That’s a relatively long wave segment. At this point we see a mixture of both headwinds and tailwinds.  For example, fuel prices have begun to decline. That’s probably the one bright spot in the macroeconomic situation. But that will lower cost for our franchisees and will possibly dampen what we’ve seen to be the downward trend in miles driven.  But in addition for that segment, government data through August continues to report an increase in household spending on vehicle repair. I guess that’s not surprising given the dramatic decline in new car sales. Think of it this way: as I believe I’ve said before, almost 40% of the car park in the United States is now older than 10 years and it’s getting older. So increased spending on repair seems logical, it seems right.  Beyond the vehicle age, I also think we must consider that much of U.S. driving is not discretionary. With the non-discretionary nature of the driving we’d expect repair to remain somewhat resilient, even in the face of economic slowdown and that’s what we’re seeing.  With all of that said however, technicians are certainly exposed to the uncertain atmosphere. We expected both technicians and garage owners to be more cautious in their spending and it’s played out, it appears to be so. It’s not a surprise that the sales of higher priced tool storage products were again soft and the volume of our larger diagnostics products in the United States was down in the third quarter.  But overall, technicians are still spending on the innovative tools that make them money. We’ll speak in that context later when we talk about power tools and some of the innovations we’ve brought to the market in that product line.  As I said, the U.S. auto market, some headwinds, some tailwinds, but all in all, one of the more reliable segments of the day. Let’s talk about the tools group. We’re pleased this quarter that we did have a slight uptick in U.S. van count, both versus 2007 and on a sequential basis versus last quarter. Significantly this is the first year-over-year improvement in some time, so we’re encouraged.  But while we’d like to fill the open territories even faster, we’re being selective in recruiting. We believe that’s been the right thing to do. It’s lowered new franchisees’ terminations and reduced termination costs. That’s been a help. Selectivity notwithstanding though, we continue to recruit actively and we expect further increases in van count in the fourth quarter. Let’s talk about our franchisees for a minute. We believe the outlook does remain positive. In early August, we had a U.S. franchisee conference in Las Vegas. I spent three days with many of the almost 2000 franchisees attending. Their attitudes were positive and they were quite excited about our new product lineup. In fact future orders from that get together vastly exceeded our expectations.  Even in August though, we recognized the need to help the franchisees offset cost pressures. A significant portion of that colloquium was dedicated to raise van efficiencies, dedicated to improving items like fuel costs, selling methods and communications charges. The training was as enthusiastic as we’ve seen and we think it’s working and we’re confident it will serve us well going forward. Despite the convention success however, we need to be mindful that more economic uncertainty has arisen since early August. So we are cautious, at least for the fourth quarter for our U.S. franchisee business.  While the U.S. business saw a decline in the quarter, the results were very different for the franchisees in Canada, U.K. and other international franchise operations.  In those jurisdictions, we achieved growth of almost 10%, driven largely by innovation, a number of new product launches in areas like diagnostics and power tools; all of them had significant success in moving the technicians to purchase. Let’s talk about our industrial business. Our focus remains on critical customer segments like the military, aerospace, natural resources, alternate energy and automotive vocational training.  We’re rolling the Snap-on brand out of the garage and it’s working. Growth did slow from 21% last quarter to about 3% the past period, but year-to-date it’s 14% and we believe the variation over the last two quarters was influenced strongly by customer order timing and a strike at one of our large customers.  Order activity for industrial is now very strong, so we expect a return to double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. We’re positioning to serve the tool storage and control needs of great opportunities like the expanding natural resources sector and the new major airframes being introduced around the world. We continue to invest in industrial product and resources to support that business and we see abundant runway going forward in that area and we’re going to take full advantage; we’re determined to do it.  Two of the more challenged businesses in the quarter were our European tools business and our worldwide equipment business. At SNA Europe, while the market coverage is fairly broad based across Europe, the operation has some concentration in Southern Europe, particularly in Spain where sales declined in the quarter by 20%.  While the economic conditions have slowed throughout the region, Spain has been weaker than most and that’s resulted in a challenge for SNA Europe. In the global equipment business, which sells larger priced capital goods, sales were down 5% without currency. That’s not unexpected in this tight credit environment.  But even though the sales environment has become more challenging, we’re continuing to advance our technologies. Over the last few years product innovation has been the key to significant improvements we’ve see in equipment and that’s continuing. In this past quarter we introduced our Prism imaging alignment system, which won Motor Magazine’s Top 20 Tools award. Sales by Prism are exceeding expectations despite the overall downturn and volume in the bellwether imaging aligner category for equipment was up significantly.  In equipment, we are continuing to innovate and as a result we’re advancing penetration of our targeted key accounts and despite the softness, we believe we’re gaining market share although it is in a weak market. Also in the C&I segment, let me talk for a moment about automotive power tools. They had a terrific quarter and it aided the franchise business significantly. Sales improved almost 34% and this is just another innovation story.  Our new NG725 pneumatic impact wrench and our CT4410 cordless impact, both are power to weight leaders and have and continue to be enormous successes. As with our equipment business, power tools has had a string of successful new product launches and we have a solid pipeline of new products coming to us over the next few quarters. We’ve consistently said for technicians, power tools are an essential purchase. They translate into immediate productivity and therefore will do well even in a softer environment; so far this appears to be the case. The diagnostics and information group also had an encouraging quarter, considering the market for bigger ticket items. The European diagnostics business expanded in the period and our OEM facilitation won an essential tool deployment in North America that significantly aided its third quarter. Now while business solutions sales did decline, much of that was expected as a result of exiting small peripheral lines of business. Activity in the SBS, the Snap-on business solutions core, however was favorable in the quarter. In total, for the diagnostics and information group from a profitability perspective, that organization achieved an operating margin of 17.5% and the profits represented a growth of over 20% for the quarter. Now let’s turn to slide 7. I think this is important because it’s authored our success for many quarters: we continue to drive improvement across our business. We drive it with a suite of strong and critical processes; we call those activities Snap-on value creations. That helped author our third quarter and it will drive further improvement going forward; we are confident.  I’ve already mentioned a few of the innovations; there are many more across all the businesses. But we’re going to keep investing in innovation. In fact next month we’ll be opening another Snap-on Innovation Center, right here in Kenosha. We call it the Snap-on Innovation Works.  It will include areas to observe customers interacting with products; a modern auto repair garage; space for both two and three-dimensional prototyping; and an area specifically devoted to the critical industries I talked about before. I look forward to many of you visiting and when you do, you’re going to get a first hand view of Snap-on innovation taking shape. Another process that’s important to us and crucial to us is rapid continuous improvement or RCI. It’s played a major role in our progress. We see its results almost everywhere, from manufacturing to administration to product design.  For example, our COT in our U.S. distribution business continues to perform in the mid-90s range, and while that’s good and much improved over just a short time ago, we need to make it better and we will. From a productivity viewpoint, RCI has enabled us to raise sales for associates by over 8%. In the past quarter, we did see more than $10 million of commodity cost inflation. Those increases were substantial, but they were more than offset by our RCI activities.  While the commodity price increases are softening going forward, we still feel, I believe, that fourth quarter costs for steel freight packaging and other items will increase by about $12 million. But we’re confident that we can achieve offsets through RCI just as we’ve done so far. While economic difficulties clearly increased in the third quarter, I think you can say that the Snap-on team met those challenges and prevailed. Sales were tougher to come by, but we continue to seize opportunities in those places where growth was made available by our diversification.  We continue to innovate, stimulating demand, even in the face of economic weakness. We continue to aggressively deploy RCI, further improving processes and reducing costs. While inventories have risen somewhat, there were clear purposes for that positioning. We believe that some of that paid off in capturing additional businesses in emerging markets and with selective customers. That drove up our return on capital.  Having said that though, some was aimed at sales that didn’t materialize and we’ll begin correcting for that in the fourth quarter. As I said, the fourth quarter was a strong quarter. Our business models, our brand, our innovation, prevailed in economic difficulties. Now I have Marty here to give you some of the details.
Martin Ellen: Thanks, Nick. Turning to slide 9, net sales of $698 million in the quarter were up 2.5% from last year; without currency, sales were up just under 1%. Clearly, this was a much tougher quarter in terms of sales growth.  In the U.S., sales were up 1.3%. Our U.S. franchisee business, comprising 26% of this quarter’s sales, was down three tenths of 1%. Our U.S. industrial business grew 2.8% in the quarter, substantially less than the 21% growth last quarter.  We believe a substantial amount of this variation over the last two quarters resulted from timing of customer order activity. We believe this business will return to double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. In Asia-Pacific and the developing economies of Eastern Europe, which comprised about 8% of sales, reported growth was relatively robust at 15.3%, and it was 9.1% without currency.  However, in Western Europe, which comprised about 27% of this quarter’s sales, our commercial and industrial tools and under-car equipment businesses faced increased head winds due to the slowing economies.  Spain and Italy have experienced some of the more severe slowdowns and our SNA Europe tools business does have some concentration of its business in these countries.  As many of you already know our equipment business, which sells more expensive capital equipment and has a reasonable presence in Europe, faced the challenges of not only economic slowdown, but tighter credit conditions.  A continuing bright spot in Europe is our U.K. franchisee business, which had another solid quarter reporting 13.5% growth without currency. Consolidated gross profit of $312 million represented 44.7% of sales and improved 50 basis points over last year. Higher price realization along with $5.2 million of benefits from RCI initiatives more than covered steel, freight and other product cost inflation.  Partially offsetting these improvements in gross margin was less favorable U.S. sales mix in the Snap-on tools group. Lower restructuring costs this year of $2.2 million also benefited the gross margin rate.  Operating expenses of $230.6 million in the quarter declined to 33% of sales compared to 34.4% last year. Major cost improvements were achieved through $6.4 million of benefits from ongoing RCI initiatives and $2.6 million of lower franchisee termination costs. Financial services contributed $4.8 million of operating income, compared to $5.6 million last year. I will cover financial services in more detail in a moment. Operating earnings of $86.4 million for the quarter were up 19.3% over last year. As a percent of total revenues, operating earnings improved to 12.1%, up 170 basis points from the 10.4% earned a year ago.  For the nine months this year, we achieved an operating margin of 13% and believe we have opportunities for further margin expansion. Interest expense in the quarter is down $4.8 million from 2007, primarily as a result of lower interest rates on our floating rate debt and lower average debt levels. With the recent rise in short-term interest rates, we expect interest expense will be about $8.5 million in the fourth quarter. Our effective income tax rate on earnings before equity earnings and minority interests is 33.3% in the third quarter and we anticipate that for the full-year we will remain at this rate. Diluted earnings per share of $0.94 in the quarter were up 34.3% from the $0.70 earned last year. With that as a consolidated summary, I will now turn to our segment results starting with the commercial and industrial group on slide 10. Segment sales of $338.1 million in the quarter were up $10.2 million or 3.1% over 2007.  As I just mentioned, our European tools and worldwide equipment businesses experienced sales declines. Those larger businesses on a combined basis had relatively flat reported sales, but growth was down 5.6% on a constant currency basis.  However higher sales of tools, kits and tool storage products to U.S. industrial customers, increased sales of power tools and continued growth in Asia and in Eastern Europe resulted in an overall reported segment sales increase of 3.1% and a less than 1% decline without currency. Notwithstanding the challenging sales environment, third quarter operating earnings of $40.7 million for the segment were up 24.5% from prior year levels, including $4.9 million of savings from RCI and cost reduction initiatives, along with contributions from higher pricing.  Restructuring costs were lower by $1 million. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings in the C&I segment improved 200 basis points in the quarter to 12% from 10% last year. Turning now to slide 11, the Snap-on tools group reported third quarter sales of $269.5 million, which was up $7.5 million, or 2.9% from last year. The group’s international operations again reported double-digit growth, and despite the continued economic headwinds in the U.S., sales in our U.S. franchise operations [audio gap] relatively relatively flat; as I said, down three-tenths of 1%, while van count actually improved slightly both on a sequential and year-over-year basis. Third quarter operating earnings for the Snap-on tools group grew 14.6% from last year. Operating earnings benefited from the higher international sales volumes, but this was tempered by a less favorable U.S. product sales mix.  Pricing improvements, net of commodity cost increases were about neutral for the quarter. Operating earnings improved as a result of $2.6 million of RCI savings and $2.6 million of lower franchisee termination costs, consistent with the lower level of franchisee terminations.  As a result of these factors, operating earnings in the quarter improved to 10.5% of sales, compared to 9.4% last year. For the diagnostics and information group, which is shown on slide 12, third quarter sales of $155.1 million were up $3.1 million from prior year. Our OEM facilitation business in North America fulfilled an essential tool program in the quarter.  We also achieved increased sales of diagnostics products in Europe, and higher sales of Mitchell 1 information products. These increases were partially offset by lower U.S. sales of diagnostics and lower activity of Snap-on business solutions resulting from the planned exit of certain non-core business product lines. Operating earnings of $27.2 million for the segment improved $5 million or 22.5% from 2007, primarily due to $4.1 million of savings from RCI initiatives. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings in the quarter improved 290 basis points year-over-year from 14.6% last year to 17.5% this year. Turning to slide 13, financial services revenues increased nearly 14% year-over-year on higher originations and, in our U.S. Snap-on credit business, revenue growth was aided by an approximate 180 basis point reduction in the year-over-year discount rate on extended credit contracts sold.  Many of you have recently asked about the credit quality of the portfolio of Snap-on credit loans to technicians. Let me give you some additional data and trends. Accounts 60 plus days delinquent, at the end of September were about 1.9%. At the end of 2007 and 2006 they were about 2%.  The high water mark was about 3% at the end of 2005: not reflective of credit deterioration, but of higher franchisee turnover and consolidation of Snap-on Credit’s field organization.  For years prior to 2005 and going all the way back to 2001, the highest level experienced was about 2.2%. We believe this demonstrates the discipline, strength, and tight integration of our Snap-on Credit and franchisee distribution businesses.  While operating earnings in financial services were down year-over-year for the quarter, this had nothing to do with their core credit operations. We incurred $1.4 million of one-time expenses primarily related to an information systems project. Let me turn to a brief discussion of our balance sheet and cash flow. As seen on slide 14, our accounts receivable increased $19.3 million from year-end levels, primarily due to higher levels of sales and receivables outside of the United States.  Notwithstanding generally longer payment terms outside the U.S., days sales outstanding of 73 days was equal to last year. All of our businesses are being extra vigilant in managing customer credit in this environment. Inventory performance has been somewhat disappointing with inventory turns declining from 4.9 times at last year-end, to 4.5 times currently. Of the nearly $66 million inventory increase over the nine-month period, we believe about $20 million or so is the result of lower than expected sales.  The remainder includes higher material and other cost increases, planned builds ahead of certain production line relocations, and some seasonal build for school programs and other specific fourth-quarter sales initiatives. As Nick said, we’ve already begun addressing this inventory position and even with the added level of working investment, pre-tax return on invested capital continues to improve.  For the trailing 12-month period ended September, it was 22%, and for all of calendar year 2007, it was about 20%. For the comparable September 2007 period it was 18.4%. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter is $397.6 million. Our net debt to total capital of 22.4% is down from 24.9% at year-end 2007. Our liquidity position remains strong. Besides the cash flow generated from operations, we currently maintain a $500 million revolving credit facility provided by a strong diversified group of international banks and another $20 million of committed bank lines.  All $520 million of this borrowing capacity is not presently used and our revolver does not expire until August 2012. Our current A2/[P-1] short-term credit rating also allows us to access the commercial paper market should we need to do so. We presently have no commercial paper outstanding. Turning to slide 15, cash provided by operating activities was $20.4 million, or $39 million lower than the third quarter last year. The primary reason for this decline relates to the inventory build I just mentioned, which amounted to about $23 million for the quarter, as well as other timing differences primarily related to accounts payable and accrued liabilities. This concludes my remarks on our third-quarter performance. I’d like to briefly review with you some financial considerations for the balance of 2008, which are shown on slide 16. Regarding full-year 2008, we expect to continue to invest on our growth initiatives, including further investments in Asia and other global emerging markets, while aggressively managing cost.  We also expect to continue implementing our other strategic and RCI initiatives intended to enable higher levels of growth and profitability. We anticipate full-year 2008 restructuring costs to be in a range of $12 to $14 million and we expect capital expenditures to be in a range of $60 to $65 million.  As I said, we also expect our 2008 effective income tax rate to approximate 33.3%. Finally, we expect earnings will improve over 2007 levels for the balance of the year. Before opening the call for questions, Nick would like to provide some final thoughts. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: Thanks Marty. I’d just like to end by once again noting that the third quarter represented a significant increase in earnings and it was a record despite the difficult environment.  I want to once again thank our associates and franchisees for making that happen. Congratulations. I’d also like to end by saying that we’re confident of our business models, of our runway and of our people.  Having said that, it’s clear that the current economic volatility has rendered projection I think less certain and so as befits such situations we’re taking action now to reduce costs, to restructure and to accelerate productivity.  As I’ve said on practically every call, the opportunities for such improvement on Snap-on are abundant and we’re increasing our emphasis on cost. It’s helped us so far; it will continue to help us in the future.  But at the same time, we also continue to see opportunity. Opportunity in emerging markets, in innovative products, and in critical industries; places where working people need real solutions to crucial tasks. So we’re continuing to pursue those opportunities even in these difficult times. As we move into the fourth quarter, we know no one has great visibility in this environment. But for Snap-on, we’ll maintain our core strategic initiatives but at the same time, we’re confident we have the flexibility and the options to balance among the areas of sales growth, cost reduction, working capital utilization, and capital investment.  We’re confident our operations can create a focus appropriate to the economic and business environment as it unfolds. As a result, we believe that Snap-on can continue its trend of encouraging progress as we go forward to the days and the years ahead. Now I’ll turn the call over to the operator.   
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question is from Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott :  First question, could you expand a little bit on restructuring? That’s going to come in just a little bit lower than anticipated earlier in the year. How you’re going to approach restructuring as you think about what’s clearly becoming an even more challenging environment?
Nicholas Pinchuk: A couple of things. One is, we’ve said all along that, yes, our formal restructuring numbers are lower year-over-year but we have a number of smaller actions which have served us well in productivity and cost reduction that don’t necessarily qualify for restructuring in the classical sense and that’s driven our cost reduction going forward.  If you look at our numbers going into the fourth quarter, we’re going to look hard at the capacity of our facilities and improving administration in terms of productivity. I think it’s just doing Jim, what we’ve been doing all along.  If you look at our numbers, we’ve been making some pretty good headway out of – I don’t want to say flat sales, but modest sales increases. I think you’re going to see us doing that forward and I think going forward, I think the only thing about this current situation is we kind of got our alert up about trying to make sure that we match our capacity and our capabilities to the volumes as we see them.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott : Okay. Fair enough; that’s exactly the point I was looking for …
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think you’re going to see us taking a look at plants; you’re going to see us look at lot of things, but it’s not so much different than we’ve done before, maybe we ratcheted it up because of the current economic uncertainty. I think we stand on our record of improving costs over the last several quarters.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott : Okay. And you made a comment in your closing remark about working people seeking solutions to real tasks and you know specifically one of the areas that’s gotten a lot of focus through earnings season was the credit crunch and what’s happened over the last, essentially, month.  When you look at your industrial markets and you look on both the tools and the equipment side, what impact has credit or lack of credit access had on that business and just any commentary about near-term trends there.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Let me parse between it. We haven’t really seen a lot of impact in the industrial business. Generally we’re in industries where these are critical industries that seem to be going forward and I think I’ve stated that with the order rates have remained strong.  So we feel pretty good about that runway. If you want to expand it to some of the other businesses, I think we said the equipment business; they have some challenges associated with the capital investments in some of their areas. They were down, I think, excluding currency, 5% in the quarter and that’s directly traceable to this.  In the tools business, we see the same kinds of things with big-ticket items: big tool storage equipment, big diagnostics. Having said that, though, the message of the call I think was for equipment and for the tool side, innovation is selling; those two power tools are great tools and they are selling.  The Prism new aligner is selling; the imaging aligner business is up substantially because of that. Some of our other product is off, you might say even further, but in fact we believe as we see our new products roll out and we look at our pipeline and feel pretty good about it, it impels purchase even in this difficult time.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott : Okay. And two final unrelated questions. First, any commentary on pension as you look at that going forward and secondly with the strengthening dollar, you’ve had a nice tailwind on translation for quite some time; what impact do you see FX have going forward?
Martin Ellen: First of all on pension, I can give you the data we have as of the end of September. Given pension asset values mark-to-market as of September 30, and everybody should recall that our funding policy over the past years has pretty much been and our cash flow has allowed us to fund to the PBO level, our biggest funded plan being in the U.S.  But given current asset values, but at the same time, an increase in the liability discount rate, again, looking at that rate at the end of September all these valuations will have to be redone at the end of December, but if we just take that point in time, we are modestly over funded on a PBO basis; meaning we don’t foresee making any pension contributions. Second question on currency rates; no question the dollar has strengthened. I’ll just pick the euro for example, last year in the fourth quarter, the average rate that drove our P&L was about $1.45. I think yesterday I’ll say $1.32, so clearly the dollar strengthened and you see that across the Pound and in the Canadian Dollar and the Swedish Kroner which are the more important currencies for us.  That being said, when you look at the overall impact of both translation, which by the way added very little to this quarter, a few hundred thousand dollars; but also the transactional exposures that result from us having, for various of our businesses, the cost base in, say, Europe and in sales in dollars outside Europe, or vice versa like in the tools group that makes a lot of product in the U.S., that gets exported into markets in Europe. The effect has been relatively neutral, in fact in this quarter, when you take translation and transaction, I think the effect on operating income was negative, about $1.5 million. The effect of the strengthening dollar, will it erode reported dollar sales vis-à-vis last year? Not clear to us it’s going to have a significant impact given our global model in terms of operating profits.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott : Okay. Great. Thank you for the clarity.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexander Paris - Barrington Research.
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research : Hi, good morning, nice quarter again.
Martin Ellen: Thanks Alex.
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research : You’re doing a great job on costs obviously, and sales is still dragging a bit and I would imagine that even though you’ve got some good potential ahead for more cost-cutting, I’m just wondering, you want to get your sales up; it sounds like Eastern Europe and China are the expectations for the biggest source of growth, is that right?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, no. Those are two places which are very strong for us, but I think I would also offer that the whole industrial sector is a big area. We see that being pretty strong. That rides on two things, I think Alex: one is the critical industries that we refer to, things like aerospace, oil and gas, and natural resources and the like are continuing to be reasonably robust and there is demand.  Secondly, we’re gaining share because pretty much the Snap-on brand was trapped in the garage for a long time. So we’re rolling it out of the garage and it’s capturing the attention of quite a few users. We believe pretty clearly that we continue to gain share in that sector. You could say the four big drivers would be, sure the emerging markets, Eastern Europe and Asia-Pacific; two, critical industries; and three – and I want to emphasize this – innovation, because in this market, innovation is still selling.  To our customers, innovation is still selling. We saw that with the 2000 franchisees in August and we saw a number of activities in this past quarter, the Prism is one of them.  I could also add based on innovation, we haven’t really unleashed our diagnostics product in Europe yet. The sales there have been relatively small and over the last quarter, we’re starting to unlock some of that potential. I might add diagnostics in Europe to that play.  No one can predict where we’re going in this volatility. I think you guys read the same articles and see the same papers that we see. No one can predict it. But I’ve been around the block and there is no group of businesses, no group of business models, no brands, no pipeline of products that I’d rather go to war with than the hand we’re sitting on right now.
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research : Part of the strength in the commercial and industrial, is you’ve added more direct sales ...
Nicholas Pinchuk: We added in fact in the quarter; I don’t know the exact number, but we’ve added like 25 in the quarter. So other people are contracting, we’re adding, because we believe in that business. Now that may prove to be wrong. But I think that should emphasize some confidence.
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research : One other question. In the North American dealer, you didn’t give the account. How many vans do you have at the end of the quarter?
Martin Ellen: Alex, at the end of the quarter in round numbers we had about 3450.
Nicholas Pinchuk: It’s up very slightly, but we think it’s a major departure year-over-year from what we’ve been living with.
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research : But the territories that you have uncovered, if you were very successful in covering them with new people, what would that add?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Roughly 10% of our territories are uncovered and that’s come down a little bit, because we increased a little bit here, but 10% is a good number.
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research : So you could get another 10% vans without any growth overall in terms of [inaudible]?
Nicholas Pinchuk: We think so and I like our positioning versus our competitors in this marketplace. If you look at the balance between OEM dealerships and independents, our share is stronger in independents.  Our franchisees depend less on OEM dealerships than others. So if you think, as some people do – I’m not prognosticating because that’s difficult in this environment – if you think that the OEMs are going to reduce by say 800 or 900 rooftops over a period of time, then I think that shifts in our favor.  By the way, over that same period of time, U.S. household spending on auto repairs continues to increase; it increased again in August. The repair is going to go some place.
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research : Right.
Nicholas Pinchuk: And as the OEMs contract, we see the independents ascendant somewhat. We like our positioning in that.
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research : Lower new car sales is a negative in terms of warranty work and so forth but again, that’s probably more than offset by the aging car population?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure.
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research : And more of that goes to the independent dealers than the OEM?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, and by the way, if you think about it, our data tells us this, the independent dealerships per bay buy more equipment and tools than the OEMs.
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research : Now that you’ve hit your operating margin at 13% a year earlier, do have a new target now?
Nicholas Pinchuk: Actually I think it’s two years early, isn’t it? But anyway, I had to take full credit for something.  I think we’ve talked about targeting in these calls from time to time, but I think in this environment I don’t want to get into prediction basis, I think saying that we are going to be up in the fourth quarter in earnings is enough for me.
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research : Okay. Thanks a lot and again great job.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question is from David Leiker - Robert W. Baird.
Analyst for David Leiker - Robert W. Baird : Hi, good morning. This is Keith on the line for David. I just have two quick questions here. If we look at the pace of demand as you exited the quarter, a lot of people are talking about Europe slowing meaningfully towards the end of the quarter. I was just wondering if you could you talk about the pace of each of the businesses as we exited the quarter.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I’ll try to give you some overview. Basically on an overview basis, we had a pretty strong September, actually. The tools group in the United States had a terrific September and they were up year-over-year nicely. So they had a good September; they had a weaker July and August. In this business you get little bit of calendarization around that. But they exited very well.  Equipment had an average September; average to the quarter; they had a September that was about the same. If you look at Europe they exited weaker than they entered. I’m talking about SNA Europe now, and the SNA Europe business exited weaker.  Asia Pacific and Eastern Europe were both up substantially in September. So they continue to go sort of excelsior, ever upward. Diagnostics and Information had a good September.  I think in a broad sense tools was strong; diagnostics was pretty good; international tools was also strong; the C&I group was mixed; SNA Europe was down and industrial had a good September.
Analyst for David Leiker - Robert W. Baird : Perfect. And then if we look to the fourth quarter, with the year-over-year increase in earnings, is this going to be driven more by revenue growth with what’s coming in the normalization in the C&I business or is this more of a margin story in the fourth quarter?
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don’t think I really want to specify between that. As I said I think in my remarks, I think we have confidence in our ability to balance between sales growth and cost reduction. We feel pretty good about the cost reductions we see going forward. If we get some revenue growth that will be nice as well, but I think it is very difficult to predict the way in which such a thing that might eventuate in this environment. So I don’t think I will.
Analyst for David Leiker - Robert W. Baird : Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And it appears we have no further questions on the phone at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Marty Ellen for any additional or closing remarks.
Martin Ellen:  Thank you again everyone for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen we thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Martin Ellen – Sr. VP & CFO Nick Pinchuk – President & CEO
Analysts:  David Leiker – Robert W. Baird Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the 2008 second quarter results conference call hosted by Snap-on Incorporated. (Operator instructions) I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Martin Ellen, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Ellen you may begin your conference.
Martin Ellen: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s second quarter 2008 results. By now you should have seen our press release issued this morning. Despite challenges in both the US economy and commodity price inflation we believe that our second quarter results continue to demonstrate the soundness of our business model and the progress that is being made in many of our core operating and growth initiatives. We will discuss these with you today.  Joining me is Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s President and CEO. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our strategic achievements. I will then provide a review of our financial results and afterward we will take your questions. Consistent with past practice we will use slides to help illustrate our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates, or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook plans, or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements.  Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. This call is copyrighted material by Snap-on Incorporated. It is intended solely for the purpose of this audience. Therefore it cannot be recorded, transcribed or re-broadcast by any means without Snap-on’s express permission. With that said I will now turn the call over to Nick. 
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks Martin, for those of you following the slides my comments start on slide number five. You know I think we can say that the second quarter for Snap-on was another encouraging period. I believe it represents further and clear evidence of our continuing progress. Sales were up 7.6%, earnings per share grew almost 28% and our operating margin reached 14.2%. That’s up 220 basis points over last year’s second quarter. So needless to say it’s a positive result. And that’s I think particularly true given the increasing economic challenges we see in the environment today. I’m going to be landscaping that progress in more detail but before I go further, I want to thank our associates and our franchisees. Your considerable capability and your extraordinary effort made these results possible. My congratulations and my thanks to all of you. I feel fortunate to be part of your team. So let’s review the second quarter, its clear every day that these can be uncertain times. We are reminded of that almost every newscast, but against these difficulties we believe Snap-on has considerable offsets; a growing global position with strength in Europe and North America, an expanding presence in emerging markets, a diverse set of customers from automotive repair to aerospace to natural resources. Those are industries that follow a varied set of macros. We’re also well positioned with almost legendary brands and for a number of quarters we’ve demonstrated a continuing capability of creating strong value through relentless and repeatable innovation, fairly passionate customer care and of course, rapid continuous improvement. Those are strategic advantage and capabilities that are quite valuable especially in the uncertain environment we face today. And our second quarter was a demonstration of those strengths. To detail some of the progress we are growing globally. Snap-on sales outside the United States are now 46% of our total, up several points from last year and each of our major regions, North America, Europe and Asia Pacific, grew in the period even after neutralizing the effect of currency translations.  In the emerging economies of Asia and Eastern Europe growth was 17% and these markets now comprise over 8% of our sales. You know its still relatively early days but we’re encouraged, we’re very encouraged by the success in those areas. And we see further opportunity to keep investing, keep building our physical capability. In fact some of the increase in capital spending that we’ve registered so far this year and the reason we’re guiding our full year up modestly, is to support the growth in those strategic theaters.  For example our factory in Kunshan near Shanghai is now producing power tools, under car equipment and hacksaws. Those of you listening might recall that we recently transferred from some of our state of the art hacksaw technology from Sweden to China. It was a tough transfer but it was a successful migration and we’re now selling quite well out of that factory with that great product.  So now bolstered by that success, we’re expanding again to manufacture tool storage in Kunshan. That production will be targeted at both western and Asian markets where we see ample opportunity. And with last quarter’s acquisition of our 60% interest in Wanda Snap-on in Zhejing, China, we now have in-region capability to manufacture a full range of low cost, high quality hot-forged hand tools.  Besides manufacturing we’re also aggressively expanding our sales and distribution network throughout Asia. In fact we expect to have a network of over 600 resellers by the end of this year and that’s up over 50% over last year. Eastern Europe is sometimes an overlooked area. We’ve just approved a relocation and expansion of our plant in Minsk. Our existing facility in that city for several years has demonstrated that it can produce some of the highest quality and lowest cost cutting product in the world. When I tour that factory I like what I see in the workforce so we’re doubling down our investment in that area. There is abundant opportunity in Eastern Europe for Snap-on. We have an encouraging start in the region and we’re going to take full advantage. So you see we have substantial runway in emerging markets, potential that’s very right for Snap-on products and value. Those markets are all growing and they’re still unclaimed. So we’ll continue to pursue aggressively and we saw some of that positive affect in the second quarter.  Let’s move on to slide six, beyond geography the overall diversity and strength of our customer base has served us well again this quarter. Now clearly our US franchise business faced some headwinds; the decline in home prices, rampant increase in things like fuel, energy, and food does have an impact. That said we continue to believe that the vehicle repair industry is more resistant to downturn then many other sectors. Sales of new cars to be sure have declined dramatically and the recent data suggests that a 2% to 4% decrease in miles driven in the US has been a reaction to the rise in gasoline prices.  However published data also does report that there’s been an increase in spending in automotive repair and it further indicates a modest real increase in technician wages. Now there’s a logic to this phenomenon, with new car sales down the car part does get older. Almost 40% of the US cars are now greater then 10 years old and much of the driving in the United States is not discretionary. Therefore vehicle repair is a continuing necessity from that perspective. And so from that perspective the increase in repair spending, even in the face of economic slowdown is not really a surprise. We do recognize however that our customers the automotive technicians are also consumers. In this environment they are more deliberate in their spending. Therefore not surprisingly sales of higher priced tool storage products which are more discretionary purchases then hand and power tools, those continue to be weak in the quarter. They continued weakness in the quarter and that softness accounted for about half of our reported 4% sales decline in the US van business. Our sales of equipment and diagnostics were similarly impacted. It makes sense; those products are more like capital investments and traditionally they are a tougher sell in uncertain times. Now as you might guess though, I want to landscape the United States for you in terms of the van business, as you might guess the results aren’t uniform across the country. In certain regions in the US mostly in the central and the Midwest, our franchisees are reporting on average, mid single-digit growth rates. However in regions like the southeast and southwest where home prices have suffered the most and consumer confidence is the lowest, our franchisees are having more difficult time and there is a clear decline. So what you’re seeing from the tools group is a downturn in troubled and a softness in bigger ticket items offset somewhat by the other parts of the United States and their international business.  What is challenging though for all our franchisees across the country are higher fuel prices but the corporation, all of us, are working hard to mitigate the problem. We’re aggressively using our RCI and our innovation processes, our two cornerstones of the way Snap-on creates value, we’re using those tools to find ways for the franchisees to offset the fuel cost increase and it’s having a positive affect. We’ve identified some real efficiencies and offset some of those costs and we’ll keep working hard to maintain our franchisees’ profitability in the weeks and months ahead because they are important to us. We’re often asked about van count, the US van count, well it was flat in the quarter remaining down about just a little over 1% versus last year. Now terminations did improve, but the count remains flat because we’ve raised the standard for accepting new franchisees.  Being more selective has played out in reducing first year franchisee problems and that’s been positive but it’s made it harder to expand and as a consequence, the overall franchisee number has not risen. We do believe however the open territories still represent a considerable opportunity. We have been and we’re continuing to employ significant resources in both franchise recruitment and training and we’re confident that we’ll see the van count increase going forward in the second half of this year. So while the Snap-on tool segment of our business is more challenged other customers in other market segments are generating substantial growth. In the US industrial business the focus on critical buyers, the military, aerospace, natural resources, and the automotive vocational training sector, once again this quarter that focus contributed substantial growth to the commercial and industrial segment. Overall the US industrial business grew 25%. That process is quite encouraging and I think it’s important to note that that expansion reflects Snap-on’s direct industrial sales force. It’s probably the most powerful in the industry and sometimes overlooked. WE believe it’s the most powerful in the industry with more than 500 well trained professionals. They consider themselves solutioneers and that they are, they provide tailored product solutions for the specific needs of their customers and it is having substantial success even in this environment.  In the broad industrial segment customers value the productivity that comes from Snap-on solutions and our unique direct sales force delivers that value. So we see abundant opportunity in industrial going forward and we believe we’re uniquely positioned to take advantage.  Moving outside the United States where economies are somewhat less challenging we are able to achieve fairly solid growth not only in emerging markets but in developed ones as well. Strong double-digit growth was achieved in our international franchise business in the UK, Australia and Japan as well as in our European diagnostics business. And despite the slowing of many of the major economies in Europe, our European hand tools business, SNA Europe was able to grow by 3.5% in the period without counting the benefits of the strength in the currency. So clearly diversity of both geography and market segments is providing us with a platform for balanced growth. I should add that our portfolio of strong and well positioned brand is also a major factor. Whether its Snap-on tools in the automotive and industrial sector or Baco saws and wrenches in both industry and professional trades, our brands speak of reliability, design and productivity enhancing attributes that provide strong customer value. And beyond that our expanded mid tier products are also working as expected, they are adding to our reach and building our penetration in broader segments. So Snap-on, Baco and Blue Point and our other corporate brands are recognized widely as making work easier and helping our customers make more money and that plays out well in every environment. Moving to slide seven regarding product innovation, it’s been our heritage and it’s been our hallmark and it’s never been more important then in slow economic times. It’s clearly helping stimulate our growth and its also helping drive cost reduction. Yes innovation can drive cost reduction too. Let me give you a few examples. In our power tools business which is a critical supplier to our franchisees our new half-inch impact wrench which exceeds 800 lbs. of torque, and our three-eighths inch cordless impact wrench, both lead the industry in power weight ratio. These tools were both introduced this year and both are big sellers. They both, and this is important in the situation, they both give our franchisees and salesmen something exciting to sell and both have been major contributors to the strong growth in that category. We have consistently said I think that hand and power tools are the purchases that translate immediately into productivity improvement. When technicians make tough choices in an uncertain economy they tend to choose products like our professional tools that will help them expand their prospects and hot new innovations like the two power tools I’ve mentioned, help amplify that tendency. That means that purchases in those product segments are more resilient to uncertain economies. And in fact all of that is playing out in our results even in that market. Beyond power tools we have also recently upgraded our versions of the Modis and the Solus handhelds in our diagnostic business, extending their technical leadership and indications are quite positive. We are just launching, and I’m pretty excited about this, we are also just launching our new imaging aligner. It features patented imaging technology with great value and our early returns from customers in both North America and Europe seem to confirm that conclusion. And those are just a few examples of Snap-on innovation at work. Going forward in any environment we plan to keep investing in innovation at a strong pace across all our businesses because we know it will pay off. We are increasingly working to improve the processes that create value through innovation listening to the voice of the customers through out franchisees, we have 3,500 of them scattered throughout the United States and 4,700 worldwide, through field research and through our unique Snap-on new innovation centers which we are putting up in the corporation where we study the way our products create better solutions.  We are confident that those types of processes and process improvements will help continue and help expand the parade of cost effective products that will make our customers more productive and importantly more profitable. Our rapid continuous improvement or RCI initiatives also helped strengthen our operating platform in the period. They created more value for our enterprise just as they have in multiple quarters past. A good example is the complete and on time deliveries for our US distribution system or COT as we call it. COT reached about 96% at the end of the second quarter, up from 94% last quarter and up from substantially lower just a few years ago. That’s good progress. But as I’ve said on many other calls our goal is 99%. We are not giving up so we have a long way to go.  And I suppose one of the most important issues of the day is commodity cost inflation. It’s a challenge for every business. For us we’re most vulnerable to the rising cost of steel and fuel. In the second quarter we estimate that those cost increases for Snap-on were about $6 million over last year and the pain will probably approach $10 million next quarter but in the second quarter productivity improvements from our RCI initiatives and our selected price increases combined to cover that inflation and then some. In fact a significant component of our second quarter results was the improvement we saw from RCI. And while we expect commodity cost pressures to increase going forward we believe we’ll be able to offset them because RCI is part of our every day and because we continue to see as we go around the corporation we continue to see very abundant opportunity for improvement. In the second quarter our productivity improved by over 10% versus 2007 and we see that trend continuing. So as I said the second quarter was an encouraging period. It was a further confirmation of the strength of our business model, the breadth of our operation, and our capability for improvement. We were quite encouraged. Now Martin will take us through some of the details of the results. 
Martin Ellen: Thanks Nick, turning to slide nine net sales of $766 million in the quarter increased $54 million or 7.6%. Currency translation contributed 4.5%. Strong growth contributions this quarter came from sales of tools and equipment to commercial and industrial customers worldwide, emerging market growth, and increased sales of higher margin diagnostics and information products. Sales in our international franchise operations also increased, up 18.2% without currency. Given the economic headwinds in the US our franchisee sales were down 4.1% particularly in sales of big ticket tool storage and other products. As in prior quarters or OEM essential tool and facilitation business experienced $13 million of lower sales due to the lapping of certain 2007 OEM programs.  This negative OEM comparison reduced our global growth rate by 2%. Consolidated gross profit of $346.5 million was up $24.1 million compared to the second quarter of 2007. The gross profit margin of 45.2% was relatively flat compared to last year. Pricing improvements and benefits from RCI initiatives covered steel, freight and other product cost inflation. Offsetting these improvements in gross margin was the less favorable sales mix in the Snap-on tools group.  In addition lower restructuring of $5.7 million benefited the gross margin. Operating expenses of $245.6 million in the quarter were up $5.5 million from 2007 including $9 million of unfavorable currency translation, $1.7 million of inflationary cost increases and $1.2 million of higher restructuring costs. These increases were partially offset by $3.9 million of lower franchisee termination costs and $3.5 million of benefits from RCI initiatives.  As a percent of sales operating expenses improved 160 basis points to 32.1% in the second quarter as compared to 33.7% last year. In our financial services segment operating income improved $5.7 million primarily reflecting lower market interest rates. Operating earnings of $111.7 million for the quarter were up 27.8% from 2007 with currency translation contributing $2.3 million of the $24.3 million increase. Operating earnings as percent of total revenues improved to 14.2% up 220 basis points from the 12% earned a year ago. Interest expense in the quarter is down $2.9 million primarily as a result in declining interest rates on our floating rate debt and lower average debt levels in the quarter. Our effective income tax rate on earnings before equity earnings and minority interests is 33.1% in the second quarter. We anticipate that for the full year this rate will be 33.3%. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.15 in the quarter were up nearly 28% from the $0.90 earned last year. With that as an overall summary I will now turn to our segment results. Starting with the commercial and industrial group on slide 10 segment sales of $387.7 million in the quarter increased $56.1 million over 2007. Currency translation added about $25 million. Excluding currency sales were up 9.4% which included higher sales to industrial customers, increased sales of power tools and imaging alignment systems, continued strong sales growth in emerging markets, and higher sales of professional tools in Europe. Second quarter operating earnings of $49.3 million for the segment was up $16.8 million or 51.7% from prior year levels. Currency translation contributed $1.5 million of the increase. Also contributing to the year-over-year earnings increase were higher sales and pricing including a 21% increase in sales in our worldwide industrial business, and $5 million of lower restructuring costs. Savings from RCI and cost reduction initiatives offset $3.7 million of commodity and other cost increases. As a percentage of sales operating earnings in the CNI segment improved 290 basis points in the quarter to 12.7% from 9.8% last year.  Turning now to slide 11 the Snap-on tools group reported second quarter sales of $292.8 million which was up $8.8 million or 3.1% from prior year. Currency translation contributed 1.9%. The groups’ international operations reported double-digit growth led by a strong performance in the UK and Japan. Sales in the US however declined 4.1% for the reasons Nick already mentioned.  Second quarter operating earnings for the Snap-on tools group of $35.3 million were up $600,000 from prior year levels. Pricing and RCI improvements net of cost increases coupled with less favorable product sales mix in total reduced the gross margin by about 100 basis points. Additionally there was about 100 basis point reduction in gross margin representing profit transfer to other segments as a result of higher sales of their products by the franchise channel. While currency translation added $1.6 million to reported operating expenses reduced franchisee termination costs were a major factor in the improved operating expense comparison. As a result operating earnings of 12.1% of sales in the quarter for the Snap-on tools group were essentially flat with prior year levels.  Turning to the diagnostics and information group which is shown on slide 12 second quarter sales of %164.8 million were essentially flat with prior year levels. Higher diagnostic sales in Europe, increased sales of Mitchell1 information products, and $2.9 million of currency translation were more then offset by lower OEM program sales. As we’ve said in the past revenue comparisons for the OEM business are influenced by the timing of these OEM programs.  As a result of two major programs last year this year’s comparison reflects a $13.2 million sales decline. This comparison is expected to be substantially better in the third quarter. Excluding these OEM programs the diagnostics and information segment grew 8.8%. As a percentage of sales operating earnings in the quarter of $31 million improved 18.8% from 17.7% in the second quarter of 2007.  Turning to slide 13 our financial services segment revenues were $18.3 million compared to $14.8 million last year while income from financial services rose from $5.1 million last year to $10.8 million this year. The increase in both revenues and income relates primarily to our US credit business. The major contributor to the earnings improvement was the year-over-year decline in market interest rates with the discount rate on extended credit contracts down 230 basis points.  Now let me turn to a brief discussion of our balance sheet and cash flow, as seen on slide 14 our accounts receivable and inventory levels increased $86 million from year end levels, with about $27 million of the increase coming from currency translation. Days sales outstanding increased by one day to 74 days from both year end and June, 2007 levels primarily due to a shift in business mix that includes higher levels of international receivables which typically have longer payment terms.  Inventories increased primarily to support anticipated sales growth including higher levels of inventory for industrial customers and to support our growth initiatives in emerging markets. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter is $383 million which is down from $425 million at year end 2007. Our net debt to capital ratio of 21.3% is down from 24.9% at year end 2007.  Turning to slide 15 cash provided by operating activities in the quarter was $80.5 million and free cash flow was $62.6 million. The contribution to cash flow from the higher earnings was partially offset by the higher levels of receivables and inventory shown on this slide as part of the change in operating assets and liabilities. This concludes my remarks on our second quarter performance, now I would like to briefly review with you some financial considerations for the balance of 2008 which are shown on slide 16. With respect to full year 2008 we expect to continue to invest in our growth initiatives including further investments in Asia and other global emerging markets. We also to expect to continue implementing our other strategic and RCI initiatives intended to enable higher levels of growth and profitability.  We anticipate full year 2008 restructuring costs to be in a range of $13 million to $16 million, down from the previously communicated $15 million to $20 million. And we now expect capital expenditures to be in a range of $60 million to $65 million, up from the previous $55 million to $60 million primarily to support the growth initiatives Nick mentioned.  And as I said we also expect our 2008 effective income tax rate on earnings before equity earnings and minority interest to be about 33.3%. As a result we expect that sales and operating earnings will improve over 2007 levels for the balance of the year.  Before opening the call for questions, Nick would like to provide some final thoughts. 
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks Martin, our second quarter did have some challenges; economic headwinds yielding a softness in big ticket sales in the US, commodity cost increases and the wind down of the OEM essential tools programs. Despite that we did have an encouraging period. Our growth strategies reaching globally and expanding in critical industries that value productivity, those initiatives served us well. And the performance was also an indication that the Snap-on way of creating value in our space, relentless innovation and rapid continuous improvement helped us overcome the difficulties of the day.  As for the rest of the year we know our businesses are not immune to economic conditions but we believe our model is well balanced, spread across many geographies and varied and significant customer bases. We are confident that our improvement processes can create substantial value even in difficult environments. Going forward then we remain positive. This corporation has strong positions, robust business models, extraordinary brands, a diverse customer base, and a great team of associates and franchisees.  Yes there are bumps in the road but we continue to believe that considerable runway remains and Snap-on is well positioned to take full advantage. Now we’ll take any questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of David Leiker – Robert W. Baird
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: I know you don’t give specific guidance and in your conversation you—in your comment at the end you didn’t really talk about your outlook for—the economic outlook for your end markets and some of those that Nick mentioned and whether you think those—just what your assumptions are for going forward. 
Nick Pinchuk: I think we see issues but we believe we can manage them affectively. I think I said on prior calls that we expect our volume growth to be in the mid single-digit range and that is roughly what we have in this quarter and we expect our earnings growth to be 15% plus quarter-by-quarter and we see nothing that should discourage us from that. 
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: As we are listening to earnings calls here this week, we’re hearing a lot of talk about pretty meaningful weakness in the European market particularly construction end markets, economic activities clearly slow here in the US, doesn’t seem to be getting better, Europe seems to be getting worse, the Asian market seems to be weakening, so in that context with what you’ve done in the first half of the year, it seems like the second half of the year has more challenges then what you’ve experienced here in Q2. 
Martin Ellen: You’re correct that major economies in Europe are showing a slowdown, clearly we talked about the issues affecting the automotive sector and really the impact on our customers in terms of their spending habits the point is we’re pretty diversified globally, we’re still seeing growth opportunities in all of these markets and I think as we’ve said in the past we see a lot of market sectors within these economies that were relatively un-penetrated by us in the past so there’s a lot of business out there for us and that’s why we are focusing for example in natural resources and in aviation and some of those other sectors in the commercial side whereas Nick said in the US alone, notwithstanding the economic climate in the US sales improved 25%.  Now we’re not communicating that we expect continued 25% growth quarter-over-quarter in the US industrial business, so its sometimes misleading to try to take a macro picture and somehow try to translate it directly into our micro performance because we do see pockets of opportunity and really on a global basis. 
Nick Pinchuk: Regarding Europe, yes as I said the European economies are slowing down but we tend to be strong in Spain and that’s led the slowdown. So the first and second quarter our businesses took one of the biggest hits associated with the slowdown. A quarter of our business is in Spain and Europe and that, I don’t know if you’ve been following that but the construction market in Spain imploded and a lot of the industrial indexes and consumer spending have followed along and we weathered that.  So we’re not so—we see some back off in Europe but we’re not so negative about that. The United States of course there are the challenges, fuel prices are probably the biggest thing but if you look back in history what you’ll find is, is that as fuel prices have increased still our vans have seemed to weather pretty well. In 1978 the last time the fuel prices moved in this kind of level, van sales went up reasonably well each year. So we’re not too daunted by this. We think our models are resistant.  Then as Martin said, and I think it maybe is not always clear, we have not mined the industrial business as we might have. We like to say we’re finally realizing that we can bring the Snap-on brand out of the garage and that’s what you’re seeing in terms of this 25% growth. It’s not so much capturing more business with existing customers, it’s reaching out to new customers and with that 500 manned direct sales force which is pretty large as direct sales forces go in this sector, we feel pretty confident that that can keep going. 
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: As we look at energy costs and clearly you were able to offset it for yourself here in terms of Snap-on energy costs, but if you look at the dealer, how big is fuel as a part of his costs and do you see dealers drive fewer miles making fewer stops in environments like this?
Nick Pinchuk: Let me not get into specifics but let’s say if the diesel price goes up $1.00 that adds about roughly $0.90, that adds about $100.00 a week—just under $100.00 a week to their gas expenses and we figured out how to offset that with our RCI. We’ve got programs to try to do that and we’re continuing to do more of that. One of the things we’re doing really is turning the RCI engine focused on the franchisees. And as you might expect these are small businessmen, they all do things somewhat differently in a lot of ways and there’s a lot of opportunity to improve there. So we feel pretty positive about the value of rapid continuous improvement and in some of our innovation processes and bringing down their costs at least for the foreseeable future and keeping them even. Now of course it’s a struggle each quarter, we have to work pretty hard at that. But we feel positive about it. 
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: I don’t think you gave a specific number but your sales of your US dealers were down 4%, how is your dealer performance to the end market?
Martin Ellen: The reported sales are down 4% and as we’ve communicated in past calls we didn’t touch on it in our formal remarks, if you eliminate some of the factors that don’t necessarily give you a good indication of sort of flow through the stores for example, the variation in year-over-year sales comparisons for the effect of the one-time sales on the convert trial franchisees to full franchisees which again for the reasons Nick cited, were less this year then last year, you actually take the 4% down to about a negative 1%.  We did get some pricing which would make the volume there a little lower then 1% and then if you disaggregate that further across our Snap-on product as compared to our mid tier and RWD you’d find that we had growth in both mid tier and RWD but again a decline in the Snap-on branded products and particularly the higher ticket products that Nick mentioned. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Pricing overall in the quarter what was that for you?
Martin Ellen: Pricing overall in the quarter was about 1%--$9 million roughly. 
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: When you look at these un-penetrated markets taking the Snap-on brand beyond the garage, today if I remember correctly non-automotive markets represent about 28%, and is there a way that you could provide a little more granularity of that 28% what the end market exposure is in terms of whether its aviation, energy, etc.
Nick Pinchuk: We could think about doing that on a future call, I can tell you that I can granulize the growth rates, the aerospace business grew about 29% in the quarter. Natural resources grew 26%, that kind of thing. Some of those businesses were lower; the vocational training business grew between 5% and 10% so somewhat lower so there’s some of the balance you see in some of those specific markets. The base markets grew at about 11%.
Martin Ellen: You know our business; SNA Europe sells predominantly outside automotive, that’s increasingly a global business with respect to a number of their important products including hacksaws and band saws because that’s increasingly being penetrated in Asia. Nick talked about some of the focused markets which are really serviced by our US industrial business and that business today is, the size is approaching 20% of the segment so we’ve got very high growth and opportunity in that portion of the CNI segment. A lot of our Asian business as you know is—there’s automotive end market in that but there’s quite a bit of non-automotive as well.  Automotive concentration as you know is predominantly the entire DNI segment as well as the Snap-on tools plus you have equipment. And then the under car equipment business which is roughly a quarter of the CNI segment. 
Nick Pinchuk: I think one of the things you can think of is that the Snap-on US van business now is between 25% and 30% of our overall business. So we’re substantially less dependant on that particular business then we have been in the past. That’s one of the overall messages we have here. 
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: You had made a comment about the hacksaw manufacturing transition from Sweden to China and you had referenced a tough transition, could you expand a little bit there?
Nick Pinchuk: When I said tough I don’t want to imply that we had necessarily problems but I think through bitter tears I’ve learned the difficulty of projecting a state of the art technology thousands of miles. And so I think we approached it with the idea it was going to be daunting. The technology we’re using in China in fact is an evolution of what had been used in Sweden so we fundamentally used the Sweden operation as a base, developed a new technology there in terms of machining these hacksaw blades, ordered the products and then started them up in China without having an exact copy base operations in Sweden.  So what we have in China today is a hacksaw blade that is manufactured in a more efficient process and is manufactured to higher standards then the particular model that had been manufactured in Sweden at that time. So that’s what I meant by the tough transition. We really didn’t have any major disruptions or anything like that. It was in fact completed on time, on cost and we’re pretty much at sell out right now so we’re looking at expanding. 
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Finally if we look in the remarks its clear the diversification of the portfolio is paying very big dividends in these times, when we look at the margin performance particularly in CNI and DNI in the quarter we’re getting into unchartered territory from what we’ve seen from Snap-on historically and with CNI in particular can you talk about where that business can go longer term?
Nick Pinchuk: I think we believe it will be in the strong mid teens. That’s where we believe it will be. I think it’ll end between 15% and 20% over time. I think we’re discovering things about CNI that we didn’t quite realize. When I ran CNI I don’t think I fully envisioned the runway that’s in the industrial business. We believe this to be a tremendous opportunity and it dawns on us like I tried to communicate in my call is that we are uniquely positioned with the technical knowledge imbedded in that sale force and we have a product that critical buyers value and want.  In the past we thought of ourselves as being in the garage. That’s one. Two we understand we have a technical advantage in equipment in our imaging technology. We’re pushing that advantages and the people down there are quite technically enabled and we’re pushing the technical advantage and at the same time our costs are being driven down. The cost of the new model are terrific and yet the benefits to the customer are better then any competition. So we feel pretty good about that.  And then SNA Europe is a story of just continual improvement because they had a good business in Baco in tools and we put them together and there’s constant potential for improvement and they’re contiguous to the eastern European markets. When you put all the together I see them going to 15% to 20% in between there someplace. 
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: DNI in terms of, it would seem that ProQuest is having a very pronounced impact in terms of the overall increased profitability of that segment, when we look at the margin potential of that business especially once these OEM contracts lap and we’ve got some top line to leverage what can that business look like?
Nick Pinchuk: I think we feel pretty positive about our positions. We really have two positions in DNI, one is with independent car repair people, the Mitchell and the diagnostics business are fairly strong and our data content is stronger then anybody else in the industry. No one can get better data on wide range of products then we can provide. So we have a great position there.  And ProQuest gave us a—greatly expanded our position with OEM dealerships. And ProQuest is fulfilling all our targets when we made the acquisition. Its base business, the electronic parts catalogue business is on target. Its synergies which I think we had for $4 million or $5 million this year are happening so we see that business being, I guess I wouldn’t want to comment on the total number but I see it being somewhat stronger then the other businesses because I think we have some pretty proprietary advantages in that area. 
Martin Ellen: Let me just add because we’ve talked in the past about margin expectations for the company as a whole and years ago we talked about a 13% number for 2010, we said earlier we were ahead of that and we were charging to 15% by 2010 and the mix of that would have put as you know diagnostics and information at the high teens or so, then tools and then commercial industrial and I think the one thing we’re seeing is improving commercial industrial margin expansion beyond what maybe we would have thought just a short while ago.  And I think if you put that mix together you can easily see how we can get a 15% overall corporate margin. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates: Could I just ask about your restructuring cost, you had mentioned $5 million in the CNI segment is that where most of it was? 
Nick Pinchuk: Yes last year we had some major restructuring, some very large formal restructuring in Europe. We closed our [Enchoping] plant and moved it into Spain and moved some production into Spain and others into Eastern Europe and China. So that was driving a big piece of that. 
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates: And that $13 million to $16 million for 2008 most is that is in the CNI?
Martin Ellen: Some of it is, its spread across the segment but CNI would still have the majority of it. 
Nick Pinchuk: I want to point out that the reduction doesn’t necessarily mean we’re not doing improvement activities. We are constantly spending money on improvement activities that don’t meet the formal description of our classification around restructuring so I think if anything, what you’ve seen this year is a little bit of a migration from the big bang items like Johnson City and [Enchoping] closing which happened last year to more individual items that just don’t meet the classification and restructuring and are being spent in the operations and absorbed and not called out as restructuring.  And we’re seeing that benefit in terms of the performance improvements year-over-year. 
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates: So in 2009 would you expect that to be lower or higher, I’m getting at that as a measure of your discovery of additional opportunities for improving efficiency, is that running down a little bit, you’re getting to the point where you found a lot of the big improvement potential?
Martin Ellen: First of all we don’t have a clear view yet on 2009 but I think as Nick said at some point the major actions in terms of the major plant consolidations are fairly well behind us and I don’t think anybody would have expected us to spend the $20 million or $25 million a year indefinitely that had been our history so I think you’re now starting to see the decline reflecting just what Nick said which is as he said a lot of the big bangs are behind us. We continue to look for improvements every day and some of those will result in restructuring but I don’t think any of us thought we would spend $20 million to $25 million a year. There’s just not that many plants to consolidate and other physical improvements to be made where a lot of those charges result. 
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates: But it sounds like you’re switching the emphasis of that going forward to the Snap-on tool part of the business. 
Martin Ellen: We’re switching it there and everywhere. I don’t want anybody to think, we’re doing more RCI every day and I think that’s coming through clearly in the numbers particularly this quarter so don’t read the trend in restructuring spending as any indication as to the level of RCI activity because that would not be correct. 
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates: It has been an important part of your upside operating leverage as you’ve been showing particularly when the sales growth was a little slower. 
Nick Pinchuk: That’s true but if you look at commercial industrial for example if you adjust for currency and lower restructuring they still grew at 30% year-over-year so that’s still pretty good performance leverage I think—without that adjustment. I think it would be wrong to think that we are switching our emphasis to the tools group in any way. Simply this, when you close a major plant in Europe its big bucks and so when you don’t do that it tends to reduce your numbers somewhat.  I would think that I would see us spending $10 million to $15 million for awhile because we do see continual opportunities going forward. Its just that we also are seeing the small opportunities as well and one of the things that happens with this rapid continuous improvement that I found here is that when you first start it you kind of tend to focus on the big opportunities but as it tends to wend its way through the organization those kernels of improvement that are down in various departments and locations find opportunities to improve. And we’re seeing some of that this year.  So even with lower restructuring spending we’re seeing substantial performance improvement. 
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates: There were a lot of questions on Europe and you did the major restructuring in 2007 do you still see currently and going forward more benefits leveraging benefits still to be seen from the major restructuring that you already had?
Nick Pinchuk: Yes sir. We haven’t seen it all. I can assure you. 
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates: And you talked about being hit in Spain and Italy is pretty weak too--
Nick Pinchuk: Italy is pretty weak but we’re not that—Italy is a big country but not so strong for us. Spain is a strong country for us. So the fact that Spain was on the leading edge of some weakness in the economics gave us a problem and we overcame it. 
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates: In the tool business Snap-on tool van business it sounds like your weakness more is due to capital spending decisions on big tool storage and diagnostics, but I would expect that your hand tool business would have held up better particularly you’ve got higher on time delivery which probably should have added to sales and you had RWD that should still be adding to sales growth, is there something I’m missing there?
Nick Pinchuk: No, our hand and power tool business which is the productivity improvement business held up pretty well. Its just we took a pretty big ding in the tool storage and the big ticket items. To me its pretty logical is that what happens is, is that you know the guys decide well its tougher times, its uncertain times, maybe I’ll get along without that toolbox. But they do buy our wrenches. And they do buy our power tools, particularly the power tools, the power tools had a dynamite quarter.  So what you’re seeing coming out of that same store sales is just the balance of that mix. 
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates: So that would imply then that it’s the tech reps who maybe sell even more expensive equipment directly to the dealers then that should have been very weak then. 
Nick Pinchuk: Yes that was somewhat weaker yes. We do have some less expensive diagnostics which go through that channel and they sold pretty well. 
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of David Leiker – Robert W. Baird
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: In your commercial business how are the equipment sales going for the auto repair market?
Nick Pinchuk: Well equipment sales, up slightly but not like we’d like it. It’s being hurt by the capital expenditures restructuring so in the quarter it was up very slightly. 
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: You would expect that to slow down though with this capital spending, or not.
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t think so, I think—I have confidence in our technology. We think we can instigate replacement because our technology is better. I think it was up, excluding currency, equipment was up 2% or 3%. That’s what I mean by slightly. 
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: So only on facilitation business, where does that stand right now in terms of size and—is there more there to run off, I know you made the comment that the impact is going to be more moderate. 
Martin Ellen: For the first half of this year we had a negative comparison of $19 million mostly because of the one major program in the US and the program in Europe, as I said in my prepared remarks we expect the comparison to be substantially more favorable and I’ll interpret that to mean sort of a flattish comparison with respect to EOM programs. 
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: What’s the size of this business now?
Martin Ellen: The size of this business now again if you sort of look at their core business the ongoing business, exclude the programs it’s a business that will run $30 million to $35 million a quarter that’s without the program business. I can look over this year and last year and tell you that you can have quarters in the program business in the $5 million range and believe it or not you can have program quarters of $25 million at least in terms of the last couple of years, that’s the kind of variation extremes you can see. 
Nick Pinchuk: With regard to that business the facilitation business I think you understand is kind of the base, the programs—we see a couple of programs coming on that we feel pretty optimistic about in that area so its not like we think that business is a bad business or anything or we’re thinking about pulling back on that just because the two programs have wound down. We just didn’t do the best job of getting programs in the pipeline to make up for those two or three contracts that are causing some disruption now. 
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: Are there any changes in the competitive landscape that you’re seeing these days, overall?
Nick Pinchuk: No I don’t think so. I think though that we are seeing—with regard to the equipment business we are seeing the winning of our technology. We are starting to see a substantial improvement in the wheel service area in terms of alignment, and in terms of balancers and tire changers such that we believe we are gaining substantial share in that area. That’s one. Two, I think you’d have to conclude that we’re gaining share however you contrive share in the industrial segment.  It’s kind of hard to do that because it’s such a large segment. So we’re pushing people out in that segment and we’re winning against some of our major competitors there. So those two businesses I think we’re seeing a pretty good improvement in our position. 
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: Do you think in the dealer hand tool business share is going up or down?
Nick Pinchuk: Our data says that our share is flat in the quarter but I think we’ve learned to keep our powder dry about that and to take a look at it on an annual basis as opposed to a quarterly basis because of the imprecision of the reporting. 
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: Where are you in your rollout and penetration of the RWS and the mid tier product lineups, how long does that continue to be a positive for you?
Nick Pinchuk: Well I think for some time, for the foreseeable future because we keep adding to that lineup our franchisees as we talk to our franchisees, and we’re bringing the franchisee group together in Las Vegas again this year, I think we’ll have two-thirds of the US franchisees in Las Vegas with us, and we get ideas from them about adding lineup to the RWD product lines so I’m not sure we’re going to see that abate for awhile. It may reduce in terms of numbers, amount of increase, but I’m not sure we’re going to see the growth abate or go away. 
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: And what about in the mid tier products?
Nick Pinchuk: Mid tier was up about a percent this year, maybe a half a percent, I would say maybe another three-quarters of improvement in that area—I mean three fiscal quarters of expansion in that area and we’ll be finished. 
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: Can you talk about the credit environment and what you’re seeing, what your customers are seeing?
Martin Ellen: I assume you’re referring to our Snap-on credit business; the portfolio there actually is performing still very well. We watched delinquencies closely and if you go over the last year actually our 30 plus delinquencies are actually only up about three basis points from September. They were actually higher in December and they’ve actually come down since December both in terms of 30 plus delinquent accounts and 60 plus delinquent accounts.  The portfolio still performs very, very well. 
Nick Pinchuk: As an outsider who came to this business that portion of the business only 18 months ago, I’m pretty pleased with what I see. I think our sound bite is we’ve been in this kind of business for a long time and so we’ve been able to manage what ordinary people would say might be not necessarily the best credit risks and we’ve managed it well and our businesses have actually improved in quarter-to-quarter in terms of delinquencies that when the rest of the world has gotten worse. 
David Leiker – Robert W. Baird: And you’re not really putting loans out there that are worth more then the product you’re selling either.
Nick Pinchuk: No I don’t think so, but we have a terrific touch with the customer. 
Operator:  At this time we have no further questions; I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Ellen for any addition or closing remarks. 
Martin Ellen: Thank you everyone for joining us this morning. We thank you for your interest in Snap-on. Good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 10:00:00) =====
: Snap-on Incorporated (NYSE:SNA) Q1 2008 Earnings Call  April 22, 2008 10:00 am ET 
Executives: Marty Ellen –SVP, CFO Nick Pinchuk – President, CEO
Analysts: Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott 
Operator: Please stand by. We are about to begin. Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the 2008 first quarter results conference call hosted by Snap-on Incorporated. (Operator instructions). I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Marty Ellen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. You may begin your conference, sir.
Marty Ellen: Thank you, Anthony, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on’s first quarter 2008 results. By now, you should have seen our press release issued this morning. We believe that despite more difficult business conditions in certain markets, this quarter continues to demonstrate the strength of our business model and the progress we are making in many of our core operating and growth initiatives. We will discuss these with you today. Joining me is Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on’s President and CEO. Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our achievements this quarter. I will then provide a review of our financial results, and afterward we will take your questions. Consistent with past practice, we will use slides to help illustrate our discussions. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates, or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans, or projections are forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. This call is copyrighted material by Snap-on Incorporated. It is intended solely for the purpose of this audience. Therefore, it cannot be recorded, transcribed or re-broadcast by any means without Snap-on’s express permission. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Nick. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks, Marty. For those of you following the slides my comments are outlined starting on slide #5. In general, Q1 was another encouraging period for our corporation – sales of $722 million and earnings of $0.97 a share. Having said that I think we all know that the business environment was quite turbulent, and for Snap-on, that resulted in some specific positives by favorable interest rates and, of course, it created some general negatives like lower demand for larger purchases. Overall, the operating earnings were up almost 36%, or $25 million.  This is even though our sales were up only slightly after adjusting for currency and offsetting the timing of our OEM facilitation program. Nine million of that increase came from our Financial Services segment. That was reflecting continued strong yields, ongoing solid delinquencies, and lower market interest rates. And all of that came together to drive that improvement. Now, we cannot take credit for the earnings that resulted from interest rate movement, but what we can be encouraged by is executing our strategic initiatives across the corporation. With that overview, I would like to give you my take on the quarter. Looking at slide 6 – North American demand for hand and power tools remains strong. Innovation and continuing demand for immediate productivity solutions, they are serving us well. On the other hand, sales of big-ticket items – things like tool storage boxes – they were impacted significantly by the economic atmospheres. Beyond our home market, diversification has been an asset. Our Worldwide businesses provided offsets to the North American turbulence.  I believe I highlighted in the last quarter that Snap-on is increasingly an international corporation. In fact, in the period, 44% of our sales came from outside the United States, and it helped. A good example was the Worldwide Industrial business with global reach and with customers in critical industries like aviation, natural resources, and power generation, and, therefore, with activities in sectors that follow a diverse set of macroeconomics, that business grew pretty robustly. Emerging markets were also strong, although expansion in that area is on a relatively small base. As we announced in our press release, we just completed the acquisition of a 60% majority ownership of Wanda Tools. It is now named Wanda Snap-on Tools. It is located in Zhejiang, China about 2 ½ miles southeast of Shanghai, and it is probably, we believe, the premier manufacturer of pliers in China. The venture employs about 1,000 associates and has over 750,000 square feet of manufacturing space, and it brings with it extensive and relatively sophisticated product test labs that will serve us well going forward. Wanda provides Snap-on, as we see it, extensive capacity for Asia-based, high-quality, hot-forged hand tools, and we are confident it will be a major contributor to the future of our corporation. We have very pleased to welcome Wanda associates to our Snap-on family. We also recently approved another capacity expansion to add tool storage manufacturing capacity for our plant in Zhejiang, China. If you put them together, Wanda Snap-on and Zhejiang expansion, these are two more important steps in filling out our product line and building our capabilities in the critical Asia Pacific theater. We expect them to play a growing role in our path to the future. Now on slide 7, the first quarter also saw continuing product innovation. We believe in innovation that is consistent with our strong brand position.  Innovation of investments across the corporations are continuing at a rapid. In every business, in every product category, from hand tools, to power tools, to equipments, to diagnostics, to information-based products and across numerous dimensions with advancements in metallurgy, ergonomics, technology, processes, content management, and imaging. The new products that we have spawned from those efforts are tremendously important to us, particularly in today’s environment and difficult economic environments that we see today. A great example is the NG725 pneumatic impact wrench – Light magnesium body, extraordinary power, great ergonomics – it is the market leader now. Talking about power tools if we could for a moment, a recent Frost & Sullivan survey, a survey of North American auto technicians, confirmed what we had already known. Based on innovations like the NG725, Snap-on power tools are now the top choice of technicians, and we are pulling away from competition. Over 40% of techs now prefer the Snap-on Grand, and that is up substantially from just a short time ago. So that is part of the reason that power tools products have remained strong even in these difficult times. With that overview, let me landscape the individual groups. As shown on slide 8, the Commercial and Industrial group, we call it C&I, registered sales increases of about 3.5 or 3.4% excluding currency. As I mentioned before, Worldwide Industrial and Asia Pacific were prominent contributors. Those increases, however, were partially offset by a shortfall in S&A. Europe, our tool business in Europe, where we saw some weakness that surfaced in the slowing economies of Southern Europe, particularly in Iberia. Earnings for the group were up 36%.  These included gains from currency translations and lower restructuring expenses. But having said that, the primary earning drivers were the increased volume and strong cost reductions across the business, which more than offset higher levels, about $2.4 million higher, of investment in new markets for the period. For C&I, I believe we can safely observe that Q1 was a confirmation of the group’s diversity, its ability to withstand strong headwinds, and its continuing opportunity for efficiency improvement. Let’s talk about the Tools group. That is slide 9. Overall sales were down 2% compared to 2007, 3% in North America. This reflects the continuing lag in North American van count versus last year, and it is also due to a difficult comparison with the 2007 introduction and initial van fill of our mid-tier product line. The van count was, in fact, up sequentially from the fourth quarter of last year. Reduced franchisees, terminations, and ongoing recruiting efforts made progress. That is the second straight quarter we have had an increase after a relatively long string of decline. That is the good news. The difficulty is that when compared with the levels of last year’s first quarter, the van count was down by about 1.4%. In addition to that hurdle, the mid-tier line was rolled out in Q1 of 2007. Comparison against that initial van fill resulted in another 1% or so of sales shortfall. If you step back from those structural items, the ongoing van business did see continuing strength in hand and power tools. As I believe I said in last quarter’s calls, these are the products which immediately help detect [unintelligible] money, and the demand has remained robust. As you might expect, though, bigger purchases like tool storage boxes have been impacted by the environment. They are down substantially over last year at this time, and on balance, we saw a flat quarter for US vans. Big-ticket reductions offset the strength in hand and power tools. Going forward, though, we believe filling open van territories is a near-term opportunity. We continue to work hard in recruiting, training, and other initiatives to continue that improvement quarter-by-quarter, and we do, therefore, expect to see year-over-year progress as well as continuing strength in our hand and power tool line. Looking inward, execution across the group is improving. Terminations are down, complete and on-time deliveries are improving, our COT, or complete and on time, rates are up to 94%, that is an increase, and costs are being reduced in line with the times. Along that line, we improved the field organizations significantly in the quarter reducing the regional sales offices from 13 to 9. That move will result in lower cost and better resource alignment to support the franchisee, so we expect significant benefits for the Tools group from that change going forward. In the Diagnostics and Information group, organic sales growth was 5%. Now that excludes the OEM Facilitation business where because of the wind down of two essential tool programs, they experienced a $19.5 million sales decline. When we step back from that, I believe when we look at the organic growth, it is clear evidence that our software and information based products are continuing to sell and sell with reasonable strength, and they are contributing substantially to the improved profitability of that segment. Also in the quarter, Snap-on Business Solutions performed consistent with our expectation, and made the solid contribution we always anticipated it would when we acquired it. Turning to slide 10, it is appropriate in rounding out my comments that I touch on our Global RCI and Lean initiatives. We are spending quite a bit of time, energy, and commitment to imbed those processes into our culture, and I think it is clear they are paying big dividends. It is making us more responsive to our customers and helping us to reduce cost. An example, the first quarter is a great example. In the first quarter, we show that rising global commodity prices and other inflation pressures clearly raised our cost, maybe in the neighborhood of $8 million compared to a year ago. While our RCI initiatives more than offset that ride and made a significant contribution to earnings growth in the period. Consider that our consolidated operating margin in the quarter reached 12.5%, that is up 290 basis points from a year ago. Excluding the contribution from Financial Services, operating margins would have been up 11.1%, up 190 basis points. In a world of increasing inflation and competition and economic bad news, we believe that is solid evidence of continuous improvement. In closing, I want to thank our franchisees for their loyalty and their ongoing contributions, which are a major strength for our corporation. I also believe that it is important to note that these results would not have been possible without the efforts of our associates across the globe, and to each and every one of them I offer my congratulations and my thanks. Now Marty will take us through the financial results. Marty?
Marty Ellen: Thanks Nick. I will begin on slide 12. Net sales of $722 million in the quarter increased $16 million from 2007 levels. Currency translation added $33 million while our OEM business declined by $19.5 million as Nick already mentioned. As we have said before, our revenue comparisons can be significantly impacted by the timing of these OEM programs. Factoring out the impacts of both currency and OEM programs sales decline, sales for the quarter across all of our other businesses were up slightly.  On the positive side, we continue to experience higher sales to industrial customers worldwide and growth in emerging markets as well as increased sales of higher-margin diagnostics and information products. On the down side, we experienced a 3.1% decline in US franchise sales in the Snap-on Tools Group. As a measure of productivity improvement, sales per associate were up 10.5% from comparable 2007 levels as we continue to advance our RCI initiatives. In our Financial Services segment, revenue increased $12 million, and operating income improved $9 million, primarily reflecting lower market interest rates. Consolidated gross profit of $326 million was up $16 million compared to the first quarter of 2007. In dollar terms, the gross profit improvement includes $11 million of currency translation, nearly $7 million of savings from RCI initiatives, which more than offset $5.6 million of material and other cost increases. Restructuring costs were lower by $3.6 million, and LIFO-related inventory costs were lower by $2.1 million.  These increases were, of course, partially offset by the effect of the lower organic sales. As a percentage of sales, gross margin improved to 45.2% in the quarter, up 130 basis points from prior year levels. The improvement in the gross margin rate was also due to an improved sales mix that resulted from higher sales of higher margin diagnostics and information products and lower OEM facilitation sales, which typically have lowered comparable margins. Operating expenses of $245 million in the quarter were essentially flat with 2007 levels. Unfavorable currency translation added $8.6 million. Increased spending to further expand our presence in emerging and growth markets added $2.4 million. These were largely offset by over $6 million of benefits from RCI initiatives and $4.6 million of benefits from lower franchisee termination costs.  Operating earnings of $93 million for the quarter were up nearly 36% from 2007 levels. With currency translation contributing $3 million of the nearly $25 million increase. Operating earnings as a percent of total revenues improved 12.5%, up 290 basis points from the 9.6% earned a year ago. Interest expense in the quarter is down $1.8 million as a result of declining interest rates on our floating rate debt. Our effective income tax rate in the first quarter of 33.4% is up slightly from the 33% that we have previously communicated. This is due primarily to the geographic mix of our earnings. We anticipate that our full-year 2008 effective tax rate will now proximate the first quarter rate of 33.4%. As a result of these factors diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.97 in the quarter were up 52% from the $0.64 earned last year. With that as an overall summary, I will now turn to our segment results. Starting with the Commercial and Industrial group on slide 13, segment sales of $357 million in the quarter increased nearly $35 million over 2007 levels. Currency translation added about $24 million. Organic sales growth was 3.4%. Organic sales increases included higher sales of tools to industrial customer, continued strong sales growth in emerging markets, and increased sales of power tools.  These increases were partially offset by lower sales of BAHCO professional tools, primarily in Southern Europe, although recent sales order activity has improved. First quarter operating earnings of $38 million for the C&I group were up 36% year-over-year on higher sales, ongoing contributions from RCI, and $3.9 million of lower restructuring costs. Currency translation added $1.6 million to operating income. Our industrial business has sales growth of 17% and contributed importantly to the operating income increase in the segment. RCI improvements more than offset about $4.8 million of inflationary and other cost increases. We also spent an additional $2.4 million to further expand our sales and manufacturing presence in emerging and growth markets. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings in the C&I segment improved 200 basis points in the quarter to 10.7% as compared to 8.7% a year ago. Turning now to slide 14, the Snap-on Tools group had first quarter sales of $289 million, which were up slightly from prior year levels. Without the contribution from $7.5 million of currency translation, organic sales declined 2.3%. In the US, sales declined 3.1%. US van count this quarter-end was up slightly from year-end, but down 1.4% as compared to last year’s first quarter. About 1% or so of the US sales decline resulted from lapping the van fill associated with our mid-tier product launch last year. While sales of large ticket tool storage and equipment products declined, this was mostly offset by increased sales of hand tools.  First quarter operating earnings for the Snap-on Tools group of $34.4 million were up over $5 million from prior year levels. The impact of the lower organic sales in North America was more than offset by benefits from cost improvements and RCI initiatives, including $4.6 million of lower franchisee termination costs due to lower number of terminations and improvements in the process. Operating earnings improved from 10.2 percent of sales for the first quarter of 2007 to 11.9% of sales in 2008. This year’s first quarter included very little LIFO effect, but the year ago quarter included $2 million of LIFO-related charges. Currency translation added $1.4 million to operating income. Turning to the Diagnostics and Information group, which is shown on slide 15, first quarter sales of $155 million were down $11.5 million before $2.7 million of contribution from currency translation. The OEM Facilitation business experienced a $19.5 million sales decline. They were lapping a first quarter 2007 roll out of a major essential tool program in North America and the wind down of a program in Europe. The rest of the segment grew 5.1% on higher sales of diagnostics and Mitchell 1 information products. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings of $20.4 million in the quarter improved to 13.2% in 2008 from 12.6% in the first quarter of 2007. Turning to slide 16, our Financial Services segment revenues were $25.4 million compared to $13.4 million last year while income from Financial Services rose from $3.7 million last year to $12.8 million this year. The increase in both revenues and income relates primarily to our US Credit business as a result of lower market interest rates. The discount rate on extended credit contracts fell by about 290 basis points when compared to a year ago. Now let me turn to a brief discussion of our balance sheet and cash flow. As seen on slide 17, our accounts receivable and inventory levels increased $63 million from year-end levels with about $30 million of the reported increase coming from currency. The three-day increase in day sales outstanding to 76 days was primarily due to a shift in business mix. Inventories in Industrial and Asia increased to support higher sales growth. Our net debt position at the end of the first quarter is $409 million, which is down from $425 million at year-end 2007. Our net debt to total capital of 22.8% is down from 24.9% at year-end 2007 and down from a high of 31.5% shortly after the Business Solutions acquisition. Turning to slide 18, cash provided by operating activities in the quarter was $74 million, up significantly from $27 million in the first quarter of 2007. Free cash flow of $59 million was also up significantly from $13.7 million last year. We also completed the acquisition of a 60% interest in Wands Tools, a hot pour, hand-tool manufacturer in China, at a cost of $13.4 million. The acquisition, which closed in March, had no material impact on quarterly operating results. This concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. Now I would like to briefly review with you some financial considerations for the balance of 2008. These are shown on slide 19. With respect to full-year 2008, we expect to continue to invest in our growth initiatives including further investments in Asia and other global emerging markets. We also expect to continue implementing our other strategic and RCI initiatives intended to enable higher levels of growth and profitability. We anticipate full-year 2008 restructuring costs to be in a range of $15 to $20 million and full-year capital expenditures to be in a range of $55 to $60 million. And, as I already said, we also expect our 2008 effective income tax rate will approximate 33.4%. As a result, we continue to expect that full-year 2008 sales and operating earnings will improve over 2007 levels. Before opening the calls for questions, Nick would like to provide some closing thoughts. Nick?
Nick Pinchuk: Thanks Marty. I believe we can summarize by saying the first quarter results were affected by some big winds: favorable interest rates in an unfavorable North American economy. The results reflected some challenges, weak big-ticket sales, working off our year-over-year lower van count, and the timing of the OEM essential tool programs. It also represented some nice gains: worldwide Industrial serving critical industries, Asia Pacific increased and growing our capability, and our Diagnostics and Information software sales remain strong. It is also worth noting that RCI again played a big part in our quarter. The operations overcame cost increases and then some with strong productivity and efficiency gains. Going forward we are quite positive. This corporation has strong positions, robust business models, extraordinary brands, and a diverse customer base and significant runway. As we have said in the past, there also remains abundant opportunity for improvement throughout the organization. On top of that, we believe we have a strong team that is committed and capable to take full advantage of the opportunities going forward. With that, operator, I will turn the call over to questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator instructions). We will take our first question from Jonathan Steinmetz at Morgan Stanley.
Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley: All right, great, thanks. Good morning everyone, can you hear me okay? So a few questions. First, starting in the dealer group can you just elaborate a little bit upon the $4.6 million of lower franchisee terminations? Just talk a little bit maybe about what exactly this consists of and if you are able to provide the absolute levels year-on-year so that we can compare it and try to get an idea of how long this can persist.
Marty Ellen: Good morning, John, it is Marty. That is the lower cost of terminations associated with a lower number of terminations. So terminations are going down, that is the good news. You should surmise that from the fact that our van count is starting to level out over the last couple of quarters, and we have improved the process. Our field structure, our franchise performancing structure, one of the reasons it was put in place to work more closely with our franchisees, and those that are in trouble we are working with sooner in the process, and by doing that we recover more in the termination process, particularly in terms of inventory recovery, which the more we get back from them, the lower our accounts receivable exposure is. So that was an important process improvement. I do not have last year’s number, Jonathan, but we actually think going forward we should still expect some favorability in terms of lower termination costs.
Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley: So not just staying at this level, but from a year-on-year perspective, continuing to be favorable?
Marty Ellen: We think because we have improved the process, remember that is a big part of our CI is process improvement, we will have terminations, hopefully lower terminations. That continues to be our plan as we build the fleet back of vans and franchisees, but because of the improvement in the process, lower terminations, we expect some upside still in future quarters.
Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley: Okay, and I know you don’t know the exact number, but just maybe order of magnitude. I am just not exactly sure whether this is a $15 million line item or $20 or $30 or whatever it is, but any order of magnitude that you can provide.
Marty Ellen: I would characterize it in the mid teens.
Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Sticking with the dealer group, you guys commented that big ticket items were down substantially and some of the hand tools were up. Can you talk about how far down they were and maybe what percentage of your business this consists of, because it seems like hand tools would have had to be up a lot to get you even to where you were.
Nick Pinchuk: Jonathan, this is Nick. Hand tools and power tools were both up. They were up between 5 and 10%. The big ticket items were down somewhat more, closer to 10%, so that’s the kind of balance. We actually sell more power tools and hand tools in aggregate than we do tool storage and what we would classify as big-ticket items. What you do is you have a bigger base of hand tools moving up pretty robustly between 6, 7, 8% depending on what product line you look at, and tool storage is down close to 10%.
Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley: Okay, we can triangulate with the mix. And the last question I guess I would have is on the finance income. Do you think $12 to $13 million, is that sort of a sustainable level in your view as we move throughout the year? I am just trying to short rate to move back up a little bit in the last few weeks. I am just trying to understand. We have clearly been unable to model this line item, so I am just curious. I know you do not provide guidance, but how should we think about that going forward.
Marty Ellen: John, this is Marty. As you know, first of all, the revenue, it is the US part of the business that is driving all of this. The revenue that we report comes from the sales of contracts, so the discount rate is very sensitive to that gain and, of course, as I said rates were down 290 basis points. The benchmark rate, I would need look at, there is a two-year treasury given the average term of those contracts. So one has to take a view on where you think interest rates are going to model that. That is point one. I am not going share our view. Everybody has got, probably, their own view. We think rates will stay at these levels for a little while. The other comment I would make is originations are obviously the underlying volume measure you saw in the slide. Originations were up a little bit. Stuff that gets financed through our credit business are the larger ticket items. And actually, interestingly, while we commented tool storage, for example, was down in the quarter if you look at the trajectory through the quarter, it actually picked up a little bit as we exited the quarter. So maybe that is a good sign. But to model it, you really have got to think about the movement and underlying [unintelligible] treasury, and you have got to think about the level of originations.
Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley: Yeah, and I guess with the originations picking up it seems like there is a little bit of a disconnect, so are people going to you guys more for financing as a source of credit ability, and lastly here, and I’ll jump off and let someone else go on. You had talked in the past about delinquency statistics here without seeing a big uptake are you starting to see any change at all there?
Marty Ellen: First of all, John is right. I mean, obviously with sales down and originations up that meant more business came. But not surprising over the last couple of years we competed with cheap credit card offerings and like, and of course, those had simply gone away. So we become the next best attractive financing alternative. And the portfolio continues to perform very well. In fact, when we look at 30 days plus and 60 days plus delinquency trends, they are actually down at the end of March and still at very low historic levels, that uptake a little bit we commented at last quarter at the end of December. So that draws the contribution as Nick said, the portfolio yields. We have not changed our pricing parameters. We have priced this credit risk, we think very appropriately, and when we have managed delinquencies well and then get the tailwind associated with a low discount rate, as you have seen here. You would see it again if you went back to 2003 when rates were low, we get a very nice contribution from that business.
Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Alexander Paris at Barrington Research Associates.
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates: Good morning, great quarter. Of course we would like to see a little better top-line growth. Speaking of that, the RCI, do you have enough projects out there to keep the same kind of net positive contribution or close to it for the remaining quarters of the year to you think?
Nick Pinchuk: I think we feel pretty strongly that that is true. I think we said that we had 103 or 104 dedicated RCI people sprinkled throughout the organization. They are all working diligently. We have people here guiding them. We are still involving [not a clue] from Japan. So we feel pretty strong about the opportunity. I think I have shared this with you perhaps before when Marty and I or Jack walk around the corporation, we just see so many ways in which we can improve. And I think we have said that we are targeting 2010, we see ourselves making strong mid double digit returns, and we feel we can get there pretty much through cost reduction. Or we would like to get there through balance, but if we had balance between sales and cost reduction, but if the sales turned down, we believe we have a lot of runway in cost improvement.
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates: Great. Looking at China now that you have made the other acquisition, how do you see that business developing? I imagine there is good opportunity, but in terms of your three segments. For example, is there a possibility of van business in China or is it all going to be more C&I and D&I?
Nick Pinchuk: I think right now the way I see the China market, there is little possibility of van business. Generally, the vans are effective where technicians own their own tools, and the jurisdictions where that does not happen they usually are relatively marginal. So in China, as most of the world, the technicians do not own their own tools, so the proprietary model will not work. We believe, however, that we have technology and product quality and ergonomics will set us apart from other people and, therefore, be able to get a kind of proprietary priority position in the marketplace. We are seeing that somewhat in equipment now where we throw out our imaging product in there, we are gaining share dramatically, one that will give us a base to start that with hand tools. We have not in the past because we have been lobbing hand tools in there from Europe and the United States, and they just do not have the cost position that can compete in that market.
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates: Okay, thank you. Just one other question. I know in the past, once in a while, you have a surprisingly poor third quarter because of some big jump in gasoline prices. How would you see a possibility of a magnetive effect on your third quarter if gasoline goes to $4 as a lot of people are talking?
Nick Pinchuk: We have looked at the effect of gasoline on our franchisees. There are probably two factors. One is the lower driving. Generally, though, when we step back and look at the macros in the marketplace now, the spending on automotive repair has remained fairly strong, fairly reasonable. So we feel relatively good about that going forward. Now I can’t predict how that would be affected as the gasoline prices go up and up. On the other hand, on our vans their costs go up. So their costs have probably doubled in the last say six or seven months, and we have been working with them on productivity to make sure that they can make up some of that in terms of their margin expansion. And in the time in which the gasoline prices have risen over the last six or eight months, we have seen our franchisees’ general profitability rise. So we have been able to offset it just by projecting our CI improvements in the franchisee system.
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates: Great. Thank you very much.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure.
Operator: (Operator instructions). We will take our next question from Jim Lucas at Janney Montgomery Scott
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Thanks. Good morning guys. Could you give us a reminder on a couple of these headwind issues which are more timing related, both the van count and the OEM project. At what point do we get to more of an apples to apples comparison? Is that the second half of the year?
Nick Pinchuk: Looking out into the second quarter, we see the OEM’s start to decay. I think we would say it would be about half of what it is today, and then it starts to decay down in the third quarter and fourth quarter from that level. So you can see it go from 19, you might chop it in half in terms of effect, and then it gets much less significant in the third and fourth quarter. In terms of the van count, we start to catch up… Our goal is to try to catch up as soon as possible, but you start to get easier comparisons in the third and fourth quarter.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. I was a little bit surprise to hear about the softness that you are seeing in Southern Europe. When you look at the Western European economy, if you step away from… if we count Eastern Europe as more of an emerging market than Western Europe in general, whether it is in your industrial or equipment businesses, what does the overall environment look like today for you?
Nick Pinchuk: Jim, we are actually seeing reasonable growth in places like the UK and Scandinavia and the low countries. We got hurt in the quarter in Spain and Portugal, and if you look at the economic news there in the first quarter, they revised downward their G&P assessments. So we think that had our distributors take a pause. We had the same kind of thing in Italy, which has been slow for some time. So we kind of see that as a quarter effect. What we are seeing now is better order rates. And, in fact, the order book is relatively strong in Europe, so we expect to see some recovery in the second quarter in that area. Our take on that is is that the economic news hit in the first quarter in Spain. We are the market leader in Spain by a long shot, and in Portugal, and in some of those Southern European countries, and distributors just wanted to take a pause. Now we are seeing them come back. The magnitude of that comeback, I am not sure. We expect to see some recovery.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. And when we take a look here, I mean I think you have done a good job in terms of mapping out the issues impacting the organic numbers in the first quarter and how that potentially gets better as the year progresses. Margins continue to be a great upset prize as well as financial services. When we look at the balance sheet and you had this nice small strategic acquisition in the first quarter, but can you talk about capital allocation priorities? We highlight them every quarter, but have they changed. Are we seeing anything different out there?
Marty Ellen: Jim, it is Marty. I will make a comment, and then maybe Nick wants to make a comment. First of all, just to add some color, I think we are not just in Spain, but elsewhere I said tool storage seems to be picking up. So hopefully we have got some positive trajectory coming out of first quarter in terms of top line, and we will continue to expand margins as we have said. We remind everybody by 2010 we expect to be mid-teens operating profitability, and we think we are moving directionally there. So we are pleased with that. Capital allocation continues to be the same. Yes, we made a small acquisition. We continue to look for acquisitions like that that will give us a very immediate ability to grow in the markets that are growing or to expand our product offering through our existing distribution or gain access to distribution and customers. Nothing transforming, nothing large, and we continue to want to work the balance sheet to generate as much free cash flow as we can. The priority has always been our dividend, of course, and we look at raising that each and every year if our board so chooses. Share repurchases to offset dilution, we will continue to do that. I have guided you guys on capital spending including the capital addition that we are making in China to bring tool storage manufacturing capability into China. And that is sort of the goal to keep the ship in that straight line for now.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay.
Nick Pinchuk: I would like add one thing to that, Jim, is that I would just slightly clarify the characterization of Wanda as a small acquisition. It was small in terms of financial impact, but the physical capabilities are a monster. It is 750,000 square feet of fine manufacturing space. It is a number of product labs. It is 1,000 capable associates. This is a very strong company, which we feel very [unintelligible] about being able to wield to our advantage in the future. I hope someday I can guide you on a tour of the facility. I think you would be impressed.
Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: I will look forward to that. All right, thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator instructions). And with no further questions left in the queue Mr. Ellen I would like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks, sir.
Marty Ellen: Well thank you everybody, and thank you for your interest in Snap-on. Have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today’s presentation. We thank everyone for their participation. You may disconnect your lines at any time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Martin M. Ellen - Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer Nicholas T. Pinchuk - President and Chief Executive Officer of Snap-on Incorporated Jack D. Michaels - Chairman of the Board of Directors of Snap-on Incorporated
Analysts: Alexander Paris - Barrington Research Associates Steven Nissan - Mindflow Capital Investments Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley  Ryan McClane - Janney Montgomery Scott David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Operator: Welcome to the fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings conference call hosted by Snap-On Incorporated. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. At the conclusion of our remarks, we will conduct a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this call is being recorded and I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Marty Ellen, Chief Financial Officer. You may begin your conference.
Martin M. Ellen: Thank you, Dana, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-On’s 2007 fourth quarter results. By now you should have seen our press release issued last evening. As you’ve seen, this was a record quarter and full year. We believe this quarter further demonstrates the achievements we’ve made in many of our core operating and growth initiatives. We’ll discuss these with you today. Joining me is Nick Pinchuk, Snap-On’s President and CEO, along with Jack Michaels, Snap-On’s Chairman. Nick will kick off our call this morning with some perspective on our operating results. I will then provide a review of our financial results. Afterwards we’ll take your questions. Consistent with past practice, we will use slides to help illustrate our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on our website next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today’s call. Any statements made during this call relative to management’s expectations, estimates, or beliefs or otherwise state management’s or the company’s outlook, plans, or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements.  Additional information and the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. This call is copyrighted material by Snap-On Incorporated. It is intended solely for the purpose of this audience, therefore, it cannot be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast by any means without Snap-On’s express permission.  With that I will now turn the call over to Nick. Nick?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : Thanks, Marty. For those of you following the slides, I’m starting on slide number 5. In my view, the past quarter and in fact this past year have been quite encouraging. Q4 sales were $743 million and that’s up over 14%. Full year sales were more than 2.8 billion and that’s up over 15%. The earnings per share in the fourth quarter of $0.98 is represents well over a 40% increase depending on how you look at the comparison and the full year is $3.23. It was record quarter, it was a record year. I was pretty encouraged. When we look back at it though from a distance, we’d like to characterize it as another step forward on what’s becoming for Snap-On a reasonably well-defined and repeatable path of improvement. We see that path laid out before us. Sales gains, heightened productivity, cost reduction, margin expansion, they were all in abundant evidence in the operating results of the fourth quarter and it’s that particular progress and each of those areas that contributed pretty significantly to the record earnings for both the quarter and the full year. If you want to look at it from another perspective, the fourth quarter’s clearly demonstrative of the corporation’s diversity from our broad, wise, and expanding global presence, from our diverse professional and industrial customer base, our extensive product line, our well-recognized brands, our legendary service, and some pretty strong group of associates.  All of that, we believe, has us well positioned in some pretty key market segments. I think at this point, at least in this environment, it’s worth noting that the primary drive of our business is the professional vehicle repair sector. That’s an area particularly resilient in most economies. We also benefit from significant activities in a broad range of industries, good industries like aerospace, energy, natural resources, military, education, and agriculture, industries that follow a quite diverse set of macro economic drivers. Finally, Snap-On is an increasingly global corporation with growing revenues outside of North America. In fact, fourth quarter revenues outside of the US were 45% of our total, and a full 6% were from the emerging markets of Asia Pacific. So we’re increasingly able to take advantage of the rising economic tide that provided offset for other places which have weaknesses. So all of that breadth from our perspective, all of that diversification, created our fourth quarter results, and we expect it to serve us well as we go forward.  I’m going to discuss the individual operations shortly but I want to take a moment to thank all of our Snap-On associates. Their extraordinary contributions authored this recent success. I know that our fourth quarter would not have been possible without your individual and collective efforts. It was quite extraordinary. Congratulations, and thanks. With that said, let’s discuss some of the specific operating results and we start this on slide 6. The commercial industrial group, that group which I know well, has a diverse geographic base and they focus on the needs of professional users in a wide range of industries and they’re continuing to deliver strong sales and margin gains. Double digit sales were recorded again in our industrial division, in our European equipment division, and in our Asia Pacific operation. In fact, the industrial division keeps rolling. Their sales were over 20% increased year-over-year. They seem to be developing substantial record of quarter after quarter of improvement. So when we look at C&I, and I think we’ve said on these calls, we’re pretty confident that C&I has considerable runway. It showed again in the fourth quarter. For that matter, we’re making pretty good progress in our efforts pretty much across the corporation to develop a strong and sustainable platform for profitable growth. At other calls we’ve talked about the idea that moving forward we wanted to create a balance between cost reduction and growth. Previous quarters we had made our numbers through cost reduction. Now we’re starting to see our strategies of growth come to fruition and see some pretty good and strong growth contributing to this record fourth quarter and we’re seeing the growth of those platforms across the entire company.  We’re particularly pleased with the progress made at the tools group in terms of the physicals. This month, this quarter, we experienced a sequential increase in the average number of [inaudible]. Now that’s the first increase quarter over quarter that we’ve seen in many quarters, more than 2 years, so we’ve been working diligently to filly open routes and to reduce the turnover and that seems to be coming to fruition now. We expect it to keep pushing that number as we go forward. Sales per franchisees were up both for the quarter and for the full year and they included some pretty encouraging gains in our mid tier product line and our regional warehouse distribution program, our RWD program. The mid tier in RWD initiatives you might remember, we wanted to introduce to contribute to our growth because we felt they would allow us to capture new customers that are doing that, allow us to expand sales to our traditional customers who maybe buying some mid tier products somewhere else, they’re doing that, and the result of this is we’ve taken back some share from some industrial distributors that encroached on our territory on the past.  Outside the US for the tools business in places like the UK and Australia and Japan, sales moved pretty well. In fact, in the quarter, sales were increased 19% year-over-year in those jurisdictions, and I think that’s further evidence of the power of global reach. So looking at the tools business, with higher per-franchisee sales with sequential increase in the number of vans, with lower franchisee turnover, and a number of other metrics which we look at on a monthly basis, the franchisees are clearly moving in the right direction and that network’s getting healthier. The numbers reinforce that positive view.  Some time ago we stepped back and said the van business in an extraordinary business. We see some opportunities and we need to make it better and the things we initiated in that time seem to be working. Our operating results, the financials say so, the health metrics of the franchisees say so, and when I go out and talk to the franchisees, which I do quite regularly, they second that conclusion. So we believe we’re on the right track. We’re going to stay this course with the van business and we’re confident it’s going to lead to continued improvement with the tools group.  Let’s talk about diagnostics and information. We’ve been investing for some time in data content and customer support and that has resulted in increased customer retention rates for products like our shop management software. Not coincidentally, Mitchell 1, our business which sells that software, had a very strong year. Our business solution acquisition. While we had that, we made that, in the fourth quarter last year, in fact, I think we had about 5 weeks worth of results in the fourth quarter last year associated with Business Solutions, so the year-over-year comparisons are kind of mixed, but that acquisition is continuing to meet our expectations both from its existing business from its business itself and from the synergy that we expected from it throughout the corporation.  Now the D&I group did continue to face some headwinds because we’ve got two big programs in the OEM facilitation and special tools business which are winding down, and they created a lot of substantially unfavorable year-over-year comparison in that particular division, but overall the group which includes Business Solutions diagnostics and Mitchell and that OEM business, had a very strong quarter.  Now let’s turn to slide 7, looking inward a little bit. Innovation’s always been the core of our business at Snap-On and we’ve been trying to work recently to make sure that gets better, gets stronger. We’re looking at the innovation process to get more ideas in earlier in development so we sift through more ideas and generate more products. We’re taking technical tools and promulgating them and moving them through the corporation, things like finite element analysis and dynamic simulation analysis and Wibel analysis, and all of that is resulting in a good strong stream of innovative new products. I talked last quarter about Motor magazine citing 3 Snap-On tools as among the best tools of 2007. In fact we’ve got more of those awards than any other manufacturer. While we have another stream of that, in fact we keep turning out the new tools, things like the Dual 80 ratchet, powered by micro gears, and stronger and more easier to use than any other ratchet in the system. The Court 4850 18 volt cordless power tool with the reduced package, more power, 600 foot pounds and it can get in places which no other cordless took can get in. The new SOLUS pro from diagnostics which puts more diagnostic intelligence in the hands of the technician and solves problems faster. The electronics parts catalog, the new GM electronic parts catalog from Snap-On Business Solutions which is sold in 97 countries and is available in 26 languages and the Bahco one-handed pruning tool which cuts faster and allows the user to get in places where other cutters cannot, all of these are being received well by our professional customer case. They drove part of the growth in the fourth quarter and they’re going to continue to do so. We have the processes behind these. We have the skills in our associate capabilities. We expect the stream of products to keep moving us forward and helping us grow in that regard. Now also looking inward, if we look at the supply chain, we’re continuing to focus on complete and on time order fulfillment. In that regard we’re achieving I think continuing progress and that’s being achieved by the rapid continuous improvement or what we call RCI, our version of lean. It’s proven to be pretty effective in a lot of different places but with supply chain it is improve the supply chain, it’s made our distribution system more effective, and it’s making our factories more flexible. But it’s not been just limited to supply chain, it’s had its effect throughout the organization and RCI has allowed us to improve quality, delivery, cost, and raise productivity, and when you do that, you provide more throughput and you provide more capacity and productivity. Coming back to COT though, particularly in North America, it had been a problem over time. A year ago our complete and on time for our key products was 88%. I’m happy to report in the fourth quarter it approached 94%, and when I talk to our customers, they’ve seen the difference, they’ve benefited from that progress. We’re going to keep moving in that direction. We have to because in fact our 2007 could have been better. We disappointed a substantial number of customers because we sold out our capacity. Now that’s our capacity at current efficiency levels for capacity for several of our products, for major product lines. Some pieces of our major product lines and hand tools and saws and power tools and tools storage. Product lines, products, and all those areas were oversubscribed from time to time, so RCI and Select Capital Investment, that’ll remedy that as we go forward. We believe we clearly have more run way and we’re going to work pretty hard to use it.  So overall, we’re seeing considerable and steady progress in our business fundamentals. I think you’ve seen that from us for quarter after quarter, but beyond that you’re seeing in the fourth quarter t hat Snap-On has -- and I think a few quarters before that -- Snap-On has substantial opportunity for further growth, and that’s based on the diversity of our global footprint, the breadth of our customer base, our effective RCI that’s going to give us more capacity, our wide product offerings, our legendary brand, all of that has us well positioned for the future. From my perspective we truly had an encouraging quarter and we had an encouraging year. It reflected first the historical strength of the Snap-On company. It reflected the capabilities and skills we’ve added recently, and it reflected the quarters of growth we’ve opened up over the past few years. In that regard I’d like to take the opportunity right now to express my personal thanks and appreciation to Jack Michaels, our Chairman and recently retired CEO. His insightful counsel and guidance over the past years were invaluable and it’s clear as a result of Jack’s leadership that Snap-On is positioned and well positioned to deliver the most valued productivity solutions in the world. We did just that in the fourth quarter and we’ll continue to do that going forward.  Now I want to turn the call back over to Marty. Martin M. Ellen  Thanks, Nick. Turning to slide 9, net sales of $743 million in the quarter were up $92 million or 14%. Sales increases occurred across all segments. Business Solutions which was acquired in November 2006 had 5 weeks of operating results last year. The incremental Business Solutions sales in 2007 contributed 4.8 percentage points of growth. Currency translation also contributed 4.8 percentage points of the reported sales increase. Factoring out for you as we did last quarter the impact of our OEM facilitation business, those revenue comparisons are affected by the timing of OEM programs. Our organic sales growth across all of our other businesses was 6%. As a measure of productivity improvement, sales per associate were up 11.3% from comparable 2006 levels, further evidence of the results of our RCI initiatives.  In our financial services segment, revenue increased $4.2 million and operating income improved $3 million, reflecting higher net spreads mostly due to lowered discount rates. Consolidated gross profit of $333 million was 44.9% of sales up 150 basis points from a year ago. Most of this gross margin rate improvement is due to [LIFO] inventory valuation which added $6 million of benefit in this year’s fourth quarter versus a charge of $4.1 million a year ago. On a FIFO basis, gross margins were 44.1% this year compared to 44% last year. Material and other manufacturing cost increases of $7.4 million in the quarter were more than offset by $12.6 million of savings form our ongoing RCI initiatives.  Operating expenses of $245 million in the quarter increased $16 million from 2006 levels, including nearly $10 million of incremental operating expenses for Business Solutions. Currency translation added $8 million to reported operating expenses and restructuring costs increased by $3.8 million. These increases were partially offset by a $4 million gain from the sale of a building in Europe. $1.9 million of benefits from ongoing RCI initiatives, and $1.7 million of lower spending in 2007 on the tools group strategic initiatives. We discussed those initiatives with you last year. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses were 33% in the quarter and improved 220 basis points from 2006.  Operating earnings of $96 million for the quarter were up 64% from 2006 levels. As a percentage of revenues, operating earnings improved to 12.6%, up significantly from the 8.8% earned a year ago, and for the full year, we achieved an operating margin of 11.2% which compares with 8% in 2006 excluding the litigation settlement last year and compares with 7% back in 2005. We’re pleased with these improvements in profitability were achieved through a combination of both sales growth and margin expansion. Interest expense is up $4.5 million year-over-year as a result of higher debt levels from the Business Solutions acquisition.  Our effective income tax rate in the fourth quarter was 31.2% as compared to 28.5% last year. The effective tax rate in the quarter was lower than our prior estimate of 34.5% principally as a result of a more favorable geographic mix of earnings and rate reductions in several foreign jurisdictions. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.98 in the quarter were up significantly, about 56% from the $0.63 earned last year. Clearly the improvements being made through the execution of our core initiatives are resulting in a solid operating platform that is delivering higher levels of earnings for our shareholders.  With that as an overall summary I will now turn to our segment results. Starting with the commercial and industrial group on slide 10, segment sales of $369 million in the quarter increased 16% over 2006 levels and were up 9.5% without currency. About two-thirds of the organic sales growth came from our worldwide industrial business. Also contributing to the increase was our European equipment ad professional hand tools businesses along with continued strong sales growth in Asia. Fourth quarter operating earnings of $38 million for the C&I group were up 18.6% year-over-year on higher sales and ongoing contributions from RCI. While the reported operating margin of 10.3% was up only slightly from the 10.1% earned last year, you should note that this year’s fourth quarter included $8.8 million of restructuring costs compared to last year’s $4.1 million. This year’s fourth quarter also included a $4 million building gain. This resulted from the sale of a facility in Europe as we continue our manufacturing foot print migration to lower cost regions. Absent these items, this year’s operating margin in the quarter would have been 11.6% for the C&I group.  Turing now to slide 11, Snap-On Tools Group had fourth quarter sales of $273 million, up nearly 4.5% from 2006 levels. In North America sales increased 1% year-over-year. In the US, franchisee count was flat and vans were down 1.6% as we continued to see runoff in the second van program. Importantly, however, the number of franchisees and the number of vans increased sequentially from third quarter levels and we expect continued sequential increases in 2008. International sales in the tools group increased over 19%. Excluding currency, sales were up 11.2%, a continued strong sales performance in the UK and higher gains in Japan. Most of the improvement in the UK was from higher sales of tool storage and diagnostics, and in the UK we were named 2007 Franchiser Of The Year by the British Franchise Association, again demonstrating the strength and innovative nature of our franchise business model. Fourth quarter operating earnings for the tools group of $36.5 million were up over $21 million from last year. As I mentioned earlier, 10.1 million of this improvement was due to year-over-year LIFO comparisons. Operating earnings in 2007 benefited from 4.1 million of savings from ongoing RCI initiatives. Operating earnings also benefited from our franchise and supply chain improvements including $1.7 million of lower costs in 12007 related to the successful completion of certain of these initiatives.  Now let’s turn to the diagnostics and information group which is shown on slide 12. Fourth quarter sales in the D&I group increased over $29 million or 21% from 2006 levels. Business Solutions added $31 million in sales for the quarter. Our hand held diagnostics, software, and information businesses grew $7 million or 11%. The negative comparison was in our OEM facilitation business which as expected is completing a contract with a major OEM in Europe. Gross margin in the D&I group improved to 44.7% in the quarter from 42.1% a year ago reflecting the continued shift in sales to higher margin, higher value added information products.  Operating earnings of $27.4 million in the quarter were up 6.7 million from prior year, including 2.6 million from ongoing RCI initiatives. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings in the D&I group improved 140 basis points from 14.8% of sales in 2006 to 16.2% of sales in 2007. Now let me turn to a brief discussion of our balance sheet and cash flow. As seen on slide 13, we continued to improve receivables and inventory management. Days sales outstanding dropped to 73 days from 76 days compared to the same period a year ago. While inventory turns improved to 4.9 times from 4.6 last year. As you’d expect, the dollar values of inventories and receivables were significantly affected by currency, increasing in total about $40 million from year end 2006. Our net debt position at year end is $425 million. Our net debt to total capital was 24.8% which is down from its high of 31.5% shortly after the Business Solutions acquisition.  Turning to slide 14, cash provided by operating activities in the quarter was about $54 million and free cash flow was $35.5 million. For the full year 2007, cash provided by operating activities was $231 million. Free cash flow was $169 million. Free cash flow for the year was reduced by $44 million of which $24 million occurred in the fourth quarter principally resulting from litigation settlement payments and contributions to fund a portion of our post-retirement healthcare liabilities. As we planned, capital expenditures for the year of almost $62 million were up from $51 million last year due to higher investments to improve manufacturing flow and flexibility and to support our strategic supply chain and other growth initiatives including expansion of our manufacturing capabilities in lower cost regions.  In 2007 we made $120 million of shareholder distributions. This is net of proceeds received on shares issued under stock option and purchase plans and includes our quarterly dividend which was raised last quarter by 11% to $0.30 per share.  This concludes my remarks on our fourth quarter performance. Now I’d like to briefly review with you some financial considerations for 2008 as shown on slide 15. With respect to 2008, we expect to continue to invest in our growth initiatives including further investments in Asia and other global emerging markets to further expand worldwide sourcing, manufacturing, and sales. Snap-On also expects to continue implementing it’s other strategic and RCI initiatives intended to provide higher levels of growth and profitability. Snap-On anticipates 2008 restructuring costs to be in the range of $15 million to $20 million, down from the $26 million incurred in 2007.  Capital expenditures in 2008 are expected to be in a range of $55 million to $60 million. Snap-On also expects that its 2008 effective income tax rate will approximate 33%. As a result, Snap-On expects full year 2008 sales and operating earnings to improve over 2007 levels.  Before opening the call for questions, Nick would like to provide some closing thoughts. Nick.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : As I said earlier in my comments, the fourth quarter in particular and the year 2007 in general were quite encouraging. The results I think provide testimony that the path we’re taking extending our C&I business down the runway we see there, taking full advantage of the terrific business model we have in the van channel, integrating business solutions, building our software portfolio, driving innovation, and continuing to improve and working RCI, it seems to be working, it seems to be succeeding, and it’s delivering a trend now for a number of quarters of achievement, but I suppose the question on the mind of most people is what about the environment?  In the near term it’s likely that economic winds will be some challenge, but there are always challenges in business and if you look at the first quarter we’ve managed well so far and we’re pretty confident that we can manage going forward, and that’s because our businesses are positioned in favorable sectors. Our activities are spread among multiple industries all over, over many geographies. Our strategies we’re pretty sure are sound. Our competitive position has never been stronger and our operating capabilities and our skills are improving. We can see it every day. So that’s why we’re optimistic. We’re optimistic about continuing our trend of improvement through 2008 and beyond. We feel pretty good about the position we have.  Now I’ll turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Operator:   Today’s question and answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operator Instructions) We will proceed in the order that you signal us and we’ll take as many questions as time permits. We’ll pause for a moment to assemble our roster. We’ll go first to Alexander Paris with Barrington Research Associates. 
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research Associates : Good quarter. Just a couple of quick questions here. You mentioned 6% of sales in the fourth quarter are from Asia Pacific. You are not including Japan and Australia in that? These were just the emerging countries, right?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : No, no, I was including everything, which makes the base, I was including Japan in that. 
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research Associates :
So that’s only 6% of in Japan --:
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : Japan is about a $50 million business I think and our businesses in Asia Pacific and what you would call the emerging markets I think in the full year are about $83 million.  Alexander Paris - Barrington Research Associates 
For example, India and China are fast growing areas. Are they amenable to van distributions? Do the mechanics own their own tools?:
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : Unlikely, no. The mechanics do not own their own tools in that area, so they’re not I guess fertile ground for the van channel as we know it. They are grounds though for vans used in things like demonstration vans where you can develop businesses. The model that would be deployed in places like in India and China would be more like the model we deployed with Bahco, and we do deploy a van model primarily in distribution around Japan where technicians don’t own their own tools. So what we see developing in India and China are a variety of distribution channels. One would be direct for bigger customers, two would be through distributors, and we’re building a growing number of distributors, that’s what’s been successful for us in Europe, and then in selected places demonstration vans, but you won’t see it the way you saw it and the way we see it in the United States because the technicians do not own their own tools. We still feel pretty positive about the prospects of expanding in that area. Alexander Paris - Barrington Research Associates 
Yeah, they’re making more and more cars. :
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : The cars and the car parts are growing substantially. Alexander Paris - Barrington Research Associates 
Speaking of the domestic van business that in North America, the 1% growth, that’s under the market growth. I’m just wondering, your dealers may be reducing some of their inventory just in the face of the economic environment or what?:
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : We have a lot of variation, I will talk to you about the sales change for the franchisee improvement year-over-year. We tend to get a lot of variation from quarter to quarter so we don’t put much stock in a particular quarter. The four quarters of this year were something like 5% growth, 1% growth, 7% growth, and 1% growth this year. So we see a lot of variation. I will tell you this, that we have a kick off that comes every January for the year by region. Chicago had one, Phoenix had one. Marty, by the way, went to the Phoenix kick off, I went to the Chicago kick off. There’s something wrong with that picture I might add. But in that kick off, our franchisees order and they ordered a record amount of product this time. So we feel pretty positive. The 1% doesn’t bother us at all. Of course we always remain vigilant. We read the paper and we’re watching everything, but in fact, based on the kick off, we feel pretty good about our position. Alexander Paris - Barrington Research Associates 
Just one more quick question and then I’ll get off, I’m sorry. There’s a huge momentum that you have. You keep reading the forecast which is great and it’s longer term. It can’t continue. Where are you in times of say RCI opportunities? A quarter way through? Half, three quarters and when it settles down a little bit more, given all the changes you’ve made, what would you say your longer term, say 3 to 5 year, growth that you would be expecting or hoping for in terms of top line --:
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : That’s a several part question. This is the famous Jack Michaels answer to the RCI question and he usually says 3 to 4 and I am not contradicting him about that. I can tell you that everywhere we go in the organization, we can see abundant opportunity for RCI improvement, and by that I mean obvious things that can be improved and done better. RCI had quite a bit of improvement in 2007 so we feel pretty strongly that we can continue that going forward. Now in terms of our growth and profitability going forward, I think Marty had said here for 2010 in terms of operating income we’re targeting a middish double digit number, I don’t know exactly where that word came from, but middish double digit number by 2010, and I think you can expect us to target growing between 5% and 10% -- mid single digits in sales and try to get mid double digits in profit moving forward. That’s the kind of thing we do.
Martin M. Ellen : Alex, it’s Marty and we’ve talked in the past about a model that out to 2010 when we first looked at that as a planning horizon a year or so ago that we thought we could expand operating margins to about 13% and we previously acknowledged that given where we are today, we’re probably ahead of where we thought we would be at this point and now believe we could probably take that 13% up by 2010 to say mid double digits. We think there’s that kind of market expansion, the business, we’re comfortable with the organic growth in the mid single digits but as we’ve said and people have asked on the margin expansion side where we think it is and we’ve said in the past we thought we had a lot of opportunity in SG&A and I think you’re seeing some of that come through in the numbers we’re now reporting.
Alexander Paris - Barrington Research Associates : Again, thanks very much. Sorry for too many questions. Great quarter.
Operator: We’ll go next to Steven Nissan with Mindflow Capital Investments. 
Steven Nissan - Mindflow Capital Investments : Thanks a lot, guys. First of all Jack, congratulations on the outstanding tenure with Snap-On and continued success in your future endeavors. A couple of things, Nick, that piqued my attention. You guys obviously had an outstanding Rapid Continuous Improvement program in place. What metrics are you guys using with the [inaudible] so as to measure success in terms of like OEE, RONA, some of those are the bigger metrics out there with [inaudible]. Are you using those types of metrics? And also, have you guys given yourself visibility into root causes of failures with your production process, and what are you doing to catch those root causes at the time to make the necessary adjustments to improve on [inaudible]? Well, you know, first thing, let me just say that we try to, that’s a big question. Let me just say that we order the business fundamentals in this way: safety, quality, delivery, and cost. So we have measurements along each of those categories. I talked a little bit about delivery with complete non time so that’s one of the things where we measure our effectiveness in RCI. The 88% going to 94% is a good example of that. We do track in terms of cost we track the productivity on a sales per head count basis and of course there’s the macro which is the RONA bit number which encompasses everything. We look at those two things. In terms of safety, we have incident rates which we track on a biweekly basis at the corporate level, so those are the big things. In terms of quality it tends to break down more product by product and plant by plant because there’s a lot of variations on how to measure that product activity, and I will tell you that Snap-On has had great record in terms of quality but Jack and I have talked about this when he was there and we have more to do in terms of measuring quality in each of our plants. Right now what we do is we measure at the plant level. We have non-parallel activities in terms of looking at reject rates and measuring them carefully, understanding the P charge to the statistical process analysis and trying to catch everything in the plant. What we don’t do is have the customer feedback as well as we might and we’re going to be putting that in place over 2007. Steven Nissan - Mindflow Capital Investments  Do you think you guys have your vis a vi in control to where you’re able to catch failures before they actually --
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : Absolutely in the plants. Absolutely. What I’m not satisfied with and what we need to do a lot more work on is what happens in the field after it’s been there for a while. We do catch infant mortality. Our product is quite durable so we don’t have a lot of data coming back from the field but we don’t have the mechanisms in place to monitor that should we have a problem.  Steven Nissan - Mindflow Capital Investments  What systems are you going to be putting in place to keep accelerating these outstanding RCI initiatives that you have in place?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : I don’t think we’re going to be doing anything greatly different. Each of our activities of a certain size and most of them I think it’s more than 100 people has a full time RCI coordinator. We study at the feet of probably the world’s expert shin jujitsu, the people who put the Toyota production system in place in Japan, we have them in our plants regularly. We have our people train under them and we keep pushing that envelope to try to make sure we keep expanding and improving the continuous improvement. So you have people in place who are professionals, you have the shin jujitsu who is there leading specific events, and you have a whole bunch of other events that are not outside led, consultant led, but are led by the internal people that are driving his. Then one final thing, is every year, we think this is pretty important, every year we bring together the best teams who have done the most outstanding job, made the biggest impact on their operations. We bring them to a central site and we celebrate their success.
Steven Nissan - Mindflow Capital Investments : Kind of like a president’s club in a way. Yeah, we call it the RCI conference. We’re going to have it I think in February coming up here and what happens is they come to the meeting, they make a presentation, they display their event, and they have a celebratory dinner recognizing them.
Steven Nissan - Mindflow Capital Investments : So is that usually the top person from each plant or...?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : No, we bring like the team from each plant, so we bring 5 people from Portugal that have never been outside of Portugal, to the United States. Some of this, this celebration, is an important piece of it.
Steven Nissan - Mindflow Capital Investments : Regarding [through put], are there still any plants that concern you in terms of metrics they are not achieving or how is that going or are you pretty satisfied with all your plants’ productivity? Are there certain areas of the country or world that are still not achieving [through put]?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : I can tell you this. I’m satisfied with none of my plants. We’re not satisfied at all. We are happier with some of them, but we are unsatisfied with all of them. Steven Nissan - Mindflow Capital Investments  Final question, you’ve been on board for about a month. Obviously --
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : I’ve actually been here for a little --
Steven Nissan - Mindflow Capital Investments : I mean, as CEO, but you’ve been present CEO for quite some time, and in your new title you’ve been on board for a little while and 2008 is going to be very challenging for a lot, a lot of it can be out there in the factory, what’s going to be your number one goal to accomplish for your full year as CEO that you want to tell the shareholders, “I’m the right man for the job and this is how I’m going to prove shareholder value.”
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : Wow, we’re going to continue... Well first of all, I want to stop for a minute. We are not similar to many companies in this sector. I think there’s an important point. We are deeply routed in the vehicle repair sector. Repair metrics, spending in the United States on vehicle repair are going up 4.6% year-over-year, and it’s been steady. The car park is growing at 2% a year, but it’s aging fast every year. It’s aged every year since 1960. 39% of the cars are over 10 years old, no, 39% of the cars are over 10 years old and over half of them are off of warranty. So vehicle repair is a very resilient business to be in. We’re not like most people or most of the companies we get lumped in with. Now if you’re going to talk about our particular next year, we want to maintain the balance of growth and continuous improvement. That’s what I believe we can deliver to shareholders. We have ample opportunity for continuous improvement. We’re going to keep that up and we have runway for growth, and vehicle repair and in industrial business and in the emerging market. In the vehicle repair business you could look at vans and say, “Well that business might be affected.” We don’t think the underlying economics will be affected and there’s one other thing that’s important. About 10% of our van routes are now open. We can fill those routes, regardless of the economy. There are 1.3 million technicians in North America. We only access at our complete network today 850,000. We can access the remainder. So we have a lot more runway, I think under any circumstances, just a matter of unlocking it. So the balance is what I’m looking for to deliver to shareholders. 
Steven Nissan - Mindflow Capital Investments : I think with the big jump in the stock price today shareholders are firmly behind you and believe you are the right man for the job.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : Thank you. 
Steven Nissan - Mindflow Capital Investments : Good luck in 2008.
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Steinmetz with Morgan Stanley.  Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley  Good morning, everyone. A few questions here. Just very near term oriented. You guys, if I remember correctly, have a fairly tough sales comparison in the first quarter. I think there was some blue point sort of channel fill in the first quarter of last year. If we pull out currency, do you think you can continue to grow at sort of this mid-single digit rate or does the comparison make that difficult to start the year?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : Comparison makes it more difficult but we feel pretty good about our opportunities to keep our momentum going. I think we’re not backing off our idea that we’re going to grow mid-single digits. Because we have a lot of opportunities. As I said, the industrial business, we don’t want to ignore that. Grew at 23% in the last quarter. That’s continuing. I just got back from a conference with 500 of those industrial salesmen and they were pretty robust. As I said, I went to the kick off meeting and they did order a record number, amount of product, but I can tell you talking to, and I was at the Chicago meeting so it’s one region, but Marty would I think testify the Phoenix region was similar. Most of the dealers or the franchisees in that situation were very robust, very positive. Now sometimes when you go to events like this they’re revved up, you know, and they get excited and they become positive, but their numbers back it up. So we feel pretty good about this.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley : Okay. Marty, and I have missed this, but if you could talk a little bit from the financial services side. Do you have any credit metrics you can share on delinquency trends or charge offs there? We get asked a lot given what’s going on from a sub prime perspective as you can imagine and a credit perspective. Any numbers you can share there about trends?
Martin M. Ellen : Yes. First of all, I think as many of you know, we’ve been in this called sub-prime lending business for a long, long time and our model is pretty unique because our underwriting standards are pretty disciplined and we shouldn’t lose sight of the fact that while we think about our 3,000 or so franchisees as selling Snap-On product, there are also 3,000 people collecting at each customer’s place of business on a weekly basis. The delinquency trends in the portfolio are actually still at reasonably historically low levels. Now they have ticked up a little bit but what’s interesting is that a little bit of tick up in a 30 plus category doesn’t really show itself in 60 days so could that be a sign of some slow payments, yes, but nothing that’s causing us concern when we look at the level of these numbers.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley : Okay, and you don’t think availability of credit is sort of constraining anyone from either sales or for anyone getting off the ground? 
Martin M. Ellen : In terms of our sales?
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley : Yes.
Martin M. Ellen : No, I mean, we have defined credit programs and we offer those to our franchisees to offer them to their customers and as I said, these are products we’ve offered them for a long time in the market place. You should know that our franchisees actually, their delinquencies for their customers exceed certain defined levels. It’s actually a little punitive for them, so it’s really incumbent upon them if they want to continue to use finance as an aid to enhance their sales that they really pay attention to collections. Collections both in terms of ECs and really collections of their own RA books as we call them is really the fundamental piece of the model and I’ll echo what Nick said coming out of Phoenix and these meetings were the middle of January so the data is relatively new. Most of the franchisees were optimistic about their businesses and interestingly, notwithstanding what I just said about the little bit of tick in the EC portfolio, collections in January they say are pretty good, they’re actually up on a per-franchisee basis. So far we would say so good.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley : Okay if you guys could talk a little bit about priorities in terms of use of excess cash post the dividend payment. Any holes you want to plug, it’s been a little while now since you did the Business Solutions acquisition. Anything in that sort of $100 million, $150 million acquisition type range from a strategic perspective where you could redeploy some excess cash and plug a hole.
Martin M. Ellen : Sure. We certainly are for some period now, Jack used the phrase, some of our businesses have earned the right to grow. Certainly we’re looking at Asia Pacific. Everybody would want to grow in Asia Pacific. We have a number of businesses in the C&I group and the D&I group which we want to look at acquisitions and we have a process by which we’re vetting through possible candidates. So I’m not saying we’re going to make an acquisition but we are constantly looking at that and it wouldn’t be a huge upset if down the line we made an acquisition that did plug a hole. It could be in any of our businesses because we have quite a few opportunities in emerging markets and industrial. 
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley : Where from a product, I understand the geographic type nature, where from a product perspective just sort of category wise, where would you see something like that?
Martin M. Ellen : Well certainly we’d see something in the diagnostic area which would be quite attractive in that area. You would feel that that would give you some possibilities. There are a number of geographic plays in terms of positioning, buying share and buying capability to produce any number of products in a number of different geographies like in Eastern Europe or in Asia Pacific, so that would be a situation, and then in our industrial businesses, we have industrial customers that trust us. They like the Snap-On brand. We have generated quite a bit of growth by packaging other products with our Snap-On products and kits and mobile tool cribs and you can see us make an acquisition to add product lines in that area. 
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley : Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Ryan McClane with Janney, Montgomery, and Scott.
Ryan McClane - Janney Montgomery Scott : Good morning. You’ve spoken a little bit about the dealer network in terms of expanding total number of franchisees but I was wondering if you could kind of take it a little step further and just talk about your growth plans in general within that segment for 2008.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : Well, our growth plans in that area would be of course first and foremost I talked about the filling the open routes. I’m also talking about, I mentioned in my comments, about mid tier and the RWD, the Regional Warehouse Distribution program. Because we call on customers today who we know buy lower priced product. They buy Snap-On products, but they buy lower priced product from other vendors like Craftsman and so on, and so the mid tier product kind of soaks up some of that business. We also know that our people, our franchisees are calling on garages and walking by technicians because they know those technicians don’t buy the Snap-On product and we have something else to sell them in the mid tier, that gives them something to sell those technicians. Sell them mid tier and then move them up into the Snap-On product eventually. So you see those activities, and I think those are the major things and one other thing in terms of what we’ve seen for a long time is that our franchisees do occasionally sell other brands of products, other brands of power tools, other brands of some of our peripheral products, other brands of torque wrenches, to name two products and as you see our product line get stronger, I mentioned the CT 4850, you’re going to see us absorb some of that. So I guess you can look at our growth initiatives for the van channel in three pieces: one, fill the open routes. That’s an easy one. We have customers who love us, we’re not seeing them. Two, we have places we call on where people are buying other products and they can be our customers, we’ll sell them the mid tier. Three, we have people who are buying other branded products and products we don’t supply. We have new products that will push them out and capture some of that business back and I think fourth, I guess, the RWD where some of our franchisees have from time to time been going to independent distributors and now that we offer a wide range of products through our own independent wholesale distributor, they’ll buy through that, and we’re seeing that activity occur in the fourth quarter.  
Ryan McClane - Janney Montgomery Scott : Thank you, that’s helpful. The other thing I wanted to talk about was in C&I. Are there any packets of weakness that you’re seeing anywhere in terms of, you’ve touched many different types of industries, is there any industry that you’re seeing weakness in?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : You know, I don’t think so. I think if I think about this, we certainly see the tools, the industrial business which is basically hand tools being sold to wide variety industries, we don’t see any particular weakness there yet. The equipment business is very strong in Europe. In the United States it’s showing improvements, but it hasn’t been as strong as Europe. We’d like to see that a little bit stronger. The Asia Pacific business seems to be booming so C&I seems to be pretty strong across the board. 
Ryan McClane - Janney Montgomery Scott : Thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from David Leiker with Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Good morning. I have a numbered question here Marty first on diagnostics and information. Can you quantify the impact of the facilitation business?
Martin M. Ellen : That business unit roughly year-over-year has declined in sales of about $10 million. 
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : About $10 million and then where you talk about the hand held software information up 11, what portion of that business is made up by those product categories?
Martin M. Ellen : Essentially David that’s our diagnostics business and our Mitchell business so hand held diagnostics, software for hand held, and service information coming out of Mitchell.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Are you done selling large box diagnostic equipment?
Martin M. Ellen : Yes.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : That’s gone. 
Martin M. Ellen : Yes.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Great.
Martin M. Ellen : Unless you want one.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : No. Thank you, thanks for the offer though. How long will this facilitation continue to be a drag?
Martin M. Ellen : There will still be some negative comps coming in 2008 particularly in the first part of the year. The part it will really start to wind down in the back half of 2007. 
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : And how large is it do you think?
Martin M. Ellen : The numbers should start to come down from the number I just gave you which was the fourth quarter number to be clear.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Okay and then if I want to, in last year’s $140 million, how much of that was Business Solutions? Do you know offhand? $20 million? 
Martin M. Ellen : Oh, in last year’s quarter. But in the five weeks last year, about $20 million. Right. I think it was $20.4. 
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : So if I wanted to do, if I stripped off Business Solution and facilitation, I get a number of $128 million and I want to compare that to the $120, is that an apples to apples number?
Martin M. Ellen : You stripped it off for this year to get $128 million?
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Yes, it went from $120 million to $128 million. I get about 7% when I do that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : That’s about right. I think we think it’s up about 9% year-over-year but you’re in the right direction.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Okay and then if we look at emerging market, can you just give us a rundown across your business of where you are strategy wise, both in terms of addressing the market as well as from a manufacturing perspective across the businesses?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : Okay, let’s talk about our manufacturing first. We have plants now, 2 plants in [Kin Shon] outside of Shanghai, in effect the Shanghai area. They produce power tools, they produce equipment, under car equipment, and they now produce saws, hacksaws specifically. That’s for the manufacturing, and obviously there’s opportunity to put more product in those plants, we have a little more space, and there’s more land available in that, so you’ll see us pushing out from that footprint itself. We do not, I guess, most importantly, make hand tools yet in Asia.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Are any of those Snap-On branded? 
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : Well, yes. We produce equipment for the Asian market that’s Snap-On branded. We produce power tools. In fact, actually, we produce Snap-On branded power tools, Snap-On branded equipment for the Asian market and we produce a particular product called the CTS 561, a small screwdriver, like a cordless screwdriver, for the US market that is Snap-On branded. Incidentally, our target was 15,000 and it sold 139,000 units which is more than any power tool in the history of Snap-On. So it was a huge value to us and so we learned quite a lesson in that particular product line in terms of quality and in terms of introduction to the market. Now the hacksaws, the saw product as you know are usually not sold under the Snap-On brand, they’re sold under the Bahco brand and that’s being produced in that way. Okay, that’s manufacturing. If you look at distribution, David, we measure two things. One is, and the distribution tends to sell the entire product line. We have sales offices with product experts inhabiting those sales offices. I think the numbers are in 2005 or 2004 we had two offices, now by the end of this year we’ll have 20 in Asia Pacific. I think the tag line I’d like to say is when I arrived in Shanghai in 2003, all the people who worked for Snap-On in Shanghai arrived with me. And now we have 353 people in Asia so we’re expanding substantially, and then we have a number of what we call distributors throughout the region, I think the number is up to 425 now, and we keep pushing that up. Obviously there’s a bunch of support to that. We’re going to conduct 800 training sessions for those distributors this year and some of that business, obviously what happens, David, is different products in different markets take off better. For example, next year the biggest buyer of hacksaws in the Snap-On world will be in Indonesia. I think we’re one of the leading producers of hacksaws. So this is starting to be a better and better business. But as we build it, we expect to accelerate in terms of growth.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : And your manufacturing in China other than that one product, that’s all for the local region?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : You mean saws?
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : When you talked about the power equipment and saws.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : We manufacture a pretty full line of equipment, under car equipment. We manufacture a selected line of power tools and simply the one hacksaw product for saws and we’re going to expand beyond that as we go forward.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Now are you exporting from there to other markets or is it that all for --
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : We export power tools and we export hand saws. We don’t now export equipment because it’s been eating most of the capacity.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : And then where’s your position today on the hand tools?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : Right now we source out of Asia but obviously you can see us as I move forward our strategy would be to consider having hand tool production in Asia. In fact, Asia’s such a big market I think you have to think about making everything there or some version of everything. It’s worth saying when I talked about in the beginning disappointing customers, Asia was a place where we did disappoint a lot of customers. We have one of the most robust band saw businesses for example there. We couldn’t deliver enough. We couldn’t deliver enough hack saws until we got our full capacity in place. So Asia would have been even bigger had we been able to deliver.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : There’s been talk in the past there’s been reluctance on producing the Snap-On branded hand tools outside of North America. Is that still the case?
Nicholas T. Pinchuk : Yes, we’re not looking to produce the hand tools but we looked at cordless power tools and we said, “Where are cordless power tools produced today?” They’re almost all produced in Asia and by the way from our perspective, it’s Snap-On designed right here in Kenosha with our engineers using the latest finite element techniques and dynamic simulation techniques and produced in Asia under Snap-On supervision to Snap-On quality levels. That applies for almost all the products but for hand tools our position is such in the United States that I don’t see us actually moving Snap-On branded hand tools to Asia in the near term. 
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Okay, and then the last thing, Marty, on the light book, do you have any estimate of what impact that might have or not have here in 2008?
Martin M. Ellen : I don’t but since you asked, I would let everybody know that for the full year 2007, even though we had a $6 million gain in the fourth quarter, it was only about a half million for the full year, so that meant we had charges in the earlier quarters if you haven’t looked back in 2006 while we had a $4 million charge in the fourth quarter, it was only $1 million for the full year so you do get some variation across the quarters but if you’re looking at LIFO and you’re trying to adjust margins on an operating basis, very little effect full year 2007 
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the call back over to Marty Ellen for any additional or closing comments.
Martin M. Ellen : We thank you all for joining us this morning and thank you for your interest in Snap-On. If you have any further questions or want clarification and information we released my contact information as shown at the bottom of the press release. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: That does conclude today’s presentation. We appreciate your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  MartinEllen – CFO and Sr. VP of Finance Nicholas Pinchuk - President and COO Jack Michaels - Chairman and CEO
Analysts:  AlexanderParis – Barrington Research Associates  JamesLucas - Janney Montgomery Scott  Jonathan Steinmetz – Morgan Stanley  DavidLeiker - Robert W. Baird & Co.  BoydPoston – Gallatin Asset Management  
Operator:  Goodday, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the 2007 third quarter earningsconference call hosted by Snap-on Incorporated. (Operator Instructions) I wouldnow like to introduce your host for today's conference, Marty Ellen, SeniorVice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer. You may begin yourconference, sir.
Martin Ellen:  Thankyou, and good morning. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on'sthird-quarter results. With me this morning are Jack Michaels, Snap-on'sChairman and CEO and Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's President and Chief OperatingOfficer. Iwill begin our review this morning with our third-quarter financial results.Nick will then provide some additional commentary and Jack will share hisclosing thoughts. Afterwards, we will take your questions. Consistent with pastpractice, we will use slides tohelp illustrate our discussion. You can find a copy of these slides on ourwebsite, next to the audio icon for this call. These slides will be archived onour website along with a transcript of today's call.  Anystatements made during this call relative to management's expectations,estimates or beliefs or otherwise state management's or the company's outlooks,plans or projections are forward-looking statements and actual results maydiffer materially from those made in such statements. Additional informationand the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those inthe forward-looking statements are contained in our SEC filings. This call iscopyrighted material by Snap-on Incorporated. It is intended solely for thepurpose of this audience; therefore, it cannot be recorded, transcribed orrebroadcast by any means without Snap-on's express permission. With that said,I will now begin our discussion with slide four. Webelieve our third quarter result showed the continued progress being madeacross all of our businesses in improving quality, delivery and customer care,driving innovation, strengthening our brands and reducing overall complexityand costs. These improvements are facilitating our ability to increasinglycapture profitable growth opportunities which were demonstrated again thisquarter with sales up 14.5% and operating profits up almost 59%. Net sales of$681 million in the quarter were up $86 million or 14.5% over last year, withsales increases across all segments. The November 2006 acquisition of BusinessSolutions contributed 8.2 percentage points of growth, while currency contributed3.3 percentage points. The balance of our year-over-year growth is 3%, but whenyou factor out the OEM facilitation business, whose revenue comparisons areaffected by the timing of OEM programs, our organic growth across all of ourother businesses was 8.6%. As a measure of productivity improvement, sales perassociate were up 10.6% from comparable 2006 levels on a trailing 12-monthbasis. This is also up sequentially from the 9% improvement reported lastquarter. In our Financial Services segment, revenue increased 4.5 million, andoperating income improved 2.6 million due both to improved yields and lowerdiscount rates. Consolidatedgross profit of $301 million represented 44.2% of sales, up 70 basis pointsfrom the 43.5% earned a year ago. We incurred $5.2 million of higher materialand other manufacturing cost increases, but they were more than offset by $7million of savings from rapid continuous improvement or RCI initiatives. Higheryear-over-year LIFO related inventory costs negatively affected the comparisonsby 5.7 million. The year-ago quarter included $2.7 million of LIFO benefits,which improved last year's gross margin by 50 basis points, while this year'squarter includes $3 million of LIFO charges, which lowered the gross margin by40 basis points. Operatingexpenses of $234 million increased $18 million from 2006 levels. The increaseincludes Business Solutions, as well as higher selling expenses and $4.9million of unfavorable currency translation. These increases were partiallyoffset by $2.4 million ofgains on facility sales and 1.7 million of benefits from ongoing RCIinitiatives. Year-over-year restructuring costs were $2.1 million lower. Thecontributions from RCI are clearly eliminating waste and allowing us to betterleverage our spending. As a percent to sales, operating expenses improved from36.3% of sales last year to 34.4% this year. Operatingearnings of $72 million for the quarter were up almost 59% from 2006 levels,reflecting both the earnings contribution from higher sales and nearly $9million of savings and improvements from RCI initiatives. As a percentage ofrevenues, operating earningsimproved to 10.4%, which is up significantly from the 7.5% earned a year ago.  Itis important to note that on a trailing 12-month basis through September, wehave achieved an operating margin of 10.2%. We were at 7.7% for the same perioda year ago before the litigation settlement, and at 6.7% two years ago. We arepleased that we have achieved this through both cost reduction and growth. Interestexpense is up $7 million year-over-year as a result of higher debt levels fromthe Business Solutions acquisition. Our effective income tax rate for thequarter was 34.5% as expected. Diluted earnings per share from continuingoperations of $0.70 in the quarter were up significantly, about 49% from the$0.47 earned last year. Clearly, the improvements being made through theexecution of our core initiatives are resulting in a solid operating platformthat we believe is beginning to deliver higher levels of sustained profitablegrowth. With that as an overall summary, I will now turn to our segmentresults. Please turn to slide 5. Third-quartersales of $262 million for the Snap-on Tools Group were up over 7% from 2006levels. In North America,sales increased 5.4% year-over-year, largely due to the improved performance inthe U.S. In the U.S., sales improved 4.1%year-over-year, despitea slight decline, less than 1% in the number of franchisees. Growth includedhigher sales of mid-tier products as well as our expanded RWD product offeringtogether with improvement in sales of Snap-on branded hand tools and toolstorage. We are pleased with where we are in the execution of our corestrategies, including those relating to improving the franchise proposition. Internationalsales in the Tools Group also increased, with sales up over 15%. Withoutcurrency, sales were up 9.3% on continued strong sales performance, includingsignificant gains in the U.K. and Australia. Grossmargin trends in the Snap-on Tools Group were significantly impacted by theeffects of LIFO that I previously mentioned. At the Snap-on Tools Group level,LIFO lowered gross margin for the segment by almost 100 basis points in 2007while in 2006, LIFOadded 120 basis points to the gross margin.  Operatingearnings for the Tools Group of 24.6 million were up nearly 9 million fromprior year levels. Currency translation contributed about $800,000 of thisincrease. As a percentage of sales, operating earnings improved significantly,up 300 basis points from 6.4% of sales in 2006 to 9.4% in 2007. Year-to-datethrough September, the Tools Group has reported an operating margin of 10.6%. Turningto the Commercial & Industrial Group on slide 6, segment sales of $328million increased 14% over 2006 levels, 10% without currency. About half of theorganic sales growth came from our Worldwide Industrial business. Also,contributing to the increase was our European Hand Tools business, our globalEquipment business, which reported particularly strong sales gains in Europe and growth in Asia. Asa percentage of sales, operating expenses in the C & I group improved from28% last year to 25.7% this year, reflecting leverage on higher sales andcontributions from RCI. Operating earnings of nearly $33 million for the groupwere up over 40% year-over-year. Currency added about $900,000 to operatingincome. We did complete as planned during the quarter the migration ofproduction from one of our Swedish plants and we sold the building. The $1.4million gain on sale of the building is included in these third quarterresults. TheDiagnostics & Information Group is shown on slide 7. There are a number oflarge items affecting these comparisons. The acquisition of Business Solutionslast November added $48.6 million in sales. And sales of our core Diagnostic& Information products grew 10.3% in the quarter. Offsetting theseincreases, however, was a sales decline in our OEM facilitation business whichis now completing a major facilitation program in Europe. The wind down of thisprogram alone caused $22.5 million of their decline. Gross margin in the D& I group improved to 45.9% in the quarter from 37.7% a year ago,reflecting the continued shift in sales to higher margin, higher value-addedinformation products. Operating earnings of $22.2 million in the quarter wereup $6.3 million from prior year-end and as a percentage of sales improved from12.5% in 2006 to 14.6% in 2007. Nowlet me turn to a brief discussion of our balance sheet and cash flow. As seenon slide 8, receivables and inventory management continued to improve with dayssales outstanding and inventory turns both improving. DSO dropped to 72 daysfrom 75 days comparedto the same period a year ago, while inventory turns improved to 4.6 times from4.2 times. As you would expect, inventories and receivables were significantlyaffected by currency, increasing in total about $36 million from year-end. Forthe most recent 12-month period, and as adjusted for the acquisition ofBusiness Solutions in late 2006, pretax return on invested capital improvedsubstantially to 18.4% from 14.1% a year ago. Our net debt position at thirdquarter end is $435 million. Our net debt to total capital was 26.7%, down fromits high of 31.5% shortly after the Business Solutions acquisition. Turningto slide 9, cash flow from operating activities in the quarter remain strong at$59 million. Significantly affecting the third quarter comparisons of cashprovided by operating activities are changes in operating assets and liabilities,particularly caused by the timing of payments of accounts payable, which thisyear consumed cash of $20 million, but which a year ago provided $15 million ofcash flow. For the first nine months of 2007, we have deployed about $120million of our free cash flow to both debt reduction and shareholderdistributions, compared to about $65 million over the same period last year.This concludes my remarks on our third quarter. NowI would like to briefly review with you some financial considerations for thebalance of 2007. As we said in the press release and have summarized on slide10, we expect continued year-over-year operating and earnings improvements forthe remainder of2007. The first nine months of this year, we spent $16.5 million on restructuringinitiatives. We currently expect this full-year restructuring cost could be ashigh as $25 million, which is down from the $28 million previouslycommunicated. We continue toanticipate that capital spending for 2007 will be in a range of $55 million to$60 million, and that depreciation and amortization will be about $70 million.Because of higher debt levels from the acquisition of Business Solutions, weexpect to incur approximately$25 million of increased year-over-year interest expense. And finally, weanticipate that our effective tax rate for the quarter -- for the fourthquarter of 2007 will approximate 34.5%. Now, I would like to turn the call overto Nick. Nick?
Nicholas Pinchuk:  Thanks,Marty. For those following the slides, my comments are outlined beginning onslide number 12. I would say we are in -- I would say our third quarterrepresents another encouraging step on the path of improvement defined by ourstrategic initiatives. We are particularly pleased with the balance of theprogress, both volume gain and cost reduction contributed substantially to ourimprovement in this quarter. I am going to landscape that for you in theindividual groups in a minute, but before we go further, I want to -- I want torecognize that our continuing progress is the clear and direct result of ourSnap-on associatesaround the world. My thanks to all of you for your contributions. They havebeen extraordinary. I also believe that it is important to highlight the rolethat great product plays in our performance. Innovation has been an importantpart of Snap-on's strengthsince its founding.  Inthe past quarter, we have again seen more tangible evidence of that strength.We are extremely pleased to have received three of Motor Magazine's 2007 awardsfor innovation. They are pictured on the slide. The first is the Snap-onVariable Length Extension. It is a spring-loaded device that increasesproductivity when you are working in tight spaces. The second is the BFH 800Wheel Balancer. It uses Snap-on's unique laser-enabled systems and it createsthe fastest balance in the industry. And the third is the ETHOS, which is theunit which provides great diagnostic power to entry-level technicians. Theproducts so recognized, span a range of our operating divisions from tools toequipment to diagnostics, so we are pleased about that. At Snap-on, innovationis an essential part of our ongoing commitment to our customers and it is areally key element of our growth going forward. In that regard, we are proud ofthe recognition we consistently receive from both our -- both the industry andfrom our customers. Now, let's turn to slide number 13, to our individualoperations. Regardingthe Snap-on Tools Group, we continue to work both on the outside, making ourfranchise proposition better, and on the inside, improving supply chain andcreating -- and creating unique product offerings, just like the ones we justdiscussed. And in those efforts, a strong and sustainable platform forprofitable growth is being established.  Speakingof our franchisees, they continue to get stronger. The key health metrics forall their businesses are moving in the right direction. Van sales are growingand the franchisee turnover is declining, both very favorable indicators.Beyond that, expansion of our mid-tier and RWD initiatives are contributingsubstantially to our business. And our franchisees have recognized the benefitand have said so. Now,having said that, we can't lose sight of the importance of cost reduction inour COT. And on the inside when we talk about supply, we focus on somethingcalled complete and on-time order fulfillment or COT as we call it, as I justmentioned. In that dimension,we are sustaining our progress. On our high volume SKUs, COT is about 93%. Muchimproved from where we started and is well up from the mid-80s where we werejust two years ago. Our franchisees have seen the difference and they have benefitedfrom the progress. Now that said, we can't lose sight of our breakthrough goal,which is, after all, 99%. So, we still have much more to do and we still havesubstantial opportunity for gain. In that context, we see rapid continuousimprovement -- rapid continuous improvement process or RCI as we call it forshort. We see that process as a decisive growth enabler. To be sure, ouroperations have made substantial growth or substantial advancement in reducingcost and raising productivity with RCI. But that process has also beeneffective in improving our supply chain, making our distribution system moreefficient and our factories more flexible. And all that makes it possible forSnap-on to offer the widest range of products in the industry, providingsolutions for more customers and, of course, expanding and driving salesgrowth. So, our effort in the tool business is clearly working. The metrics sayso, and we talked with our franchisees, and they second that conclusion. But wehave more to do and more scope for improvement. Turningto the Commercial and Industrial Group, the operations continue to demonstrategrowth, both in existing territories and emerging markets. Strong gains thisquarter were achieved by our Industrial Division, by the European toolsoperation, and by Asia-Pacific. I think it's -- it is of particular note isthis -- is -- is the successful -- I think of particular note is the successfulramp-up of our second China plant in Kunshan. It'sdemonstrating a successful marriage of low-cost production with advanced knowhow and is ahead of schedule in producing state-of-the-art saw products for customersthroughout the region. We are also continuing the Commercial and IndustrialGroup's efforts in cost reduction. During this period, we closed the Enkoping plant.That facility had been our primary hand tool operation in Europe and its sourcing has beenredeployed to lower cost facilities and are now becoming fully engaged in cost effectivelymeeting the needs of our European customers. Andin the Diagnostics and Information Group, the Business Solutions acquisitioncontinues to meet expectations. As Marty pointed out, the difficult salescomparison for diagnostics in the quarter is due to the wind down of a majorOEM contract in Europe. That program involves sales to about 8,000dealers and it’s nearing completion with substantially fewer deliveries in thisperiod compared to last year. But the total group's margin showed strongexpansion in the quarter which primarily reflected higher value and uniquecapabilities of our information-based products. Investments in data content andcustomer support are paying off and are paying off with increased customerretention rates for our subscriptions, to our shop management and software packagesthat provide both shop management and repair data.  Overallfor the corporation, the business fundamentals; safety, quality, delivery andcost are all improvements. We are recording encouraging and I have to say,repeatable achievements. Most importantly, we are seeing progress in theunderlying processes thatwill support more aggressive levels of profitable growth. This quarter provideda glimpse of that expansion. Our organic growth in the period excluding the OEMwind down was more than 8% and it was balanced across the corporation andseveral customerbases over multiple geographies. Webelieve strongly that Snap-on has considerable runway for increased expansionand in further improvement along several dimensions. With our inherentstrengths in product, brand and people, improving processes and a growingability to execute, we feel confident that the corporation is in a greatposition to take full advantage of the abundant opportunity as we go forward inthe quarters and the years to come. With that said, let me turn the call overto Jack for his closing comments. Jack?
Jack Michaels:  Thankyou, Nick. You know before you now, you have -- you should have a document onyour slide that is labeled "Who We Are." This is a guiding documentfor our entire worldwide organization. And you can see our beliefs, our valuesand our vision, but clearlyunderstanding our mission. Now, as Nick just talked about, the importance ofour business fundamentals, you see the safety, quality, delivery, which is ourcomplete and on-time deliveries, innovation and costs -- obviously as you lookdown on the belief column, you can see those. And you see -- understand howwhen they truly hang together can provide a sound platform for aggressiveprofitable growth.  Now,as I look at the many areas where we are making improvements, and mostimportantly how we are making them, I am beginning to see the development ofour own business model. A set of documented sustainable processes, whichhonestly, I don't think we have had in the past that aligned with and supportexecution of our strategies. There may be nothing more powerful and importantfor our future success. Now, there are a number of well-known and trulysuccessful companies who have done this and their success is admirable. Now, weadmit today that we are not at those levels. In fact, since I know someone willask me I will ask and answer the question now. On a scale of 1 to 10 where 10is never achievable, where are we in our transformation? Maybe we are at 3,perhaps 3.5 and moving towards 4. That should help you understand how much moreadditional opportunity I see for Snap-on.  Ourmanagement team is focused and committed. And the organization is becomingincreasingly enthusiastic about our opportunities as they see what we have beenable to accomplish. And I want to thank all of our associates for their effortsand contributions and for their continued support. Now, operator we will open thecall for questions.
Operator:  Wewill take our first question from Alexander Paris at Barrington ResearchAssociates.
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates:  Goodmorning, great quarter.
Martin Ellen:  Goodmorning Alex.
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates:  Butyou expect that nowadays, anyway, right?
Jack Michaels:  Absolutely.
Alexander Paris – Barrington Research Associates:  Ijust want a clarification on this OEM facilitation contract. You called that awind down. Are you really talking about -- you just -- you had -- establishingthe contract last year, you are just having a negative comparison against avery strong year-ago?
Nick Pinchuk:  That'sright. What it is -- this is Nick. The contract is fundamentally to supply anessential diagnostics to a finite number of dealerships in Europe. And as you supplythem, as you work your way through the system, you have fewer and fewer. So, atthis point, we are supplying them to the last few trailing dealerships and thenthe contract is ended.
AlexanderParis - Barrington Research Associates:  Thisisn't one where you're running the book on a broad range of products for – 
NicholasPinchuk :  No,no. That is the other part of the business. The EQS business has two sides. Oneis you are in effect like a distributor.
AlexanderParis - Barrington Research Associates:  Right.
NicholasPinchuk :  Youprovide -- you provide a wide range of products for dealerships. And that is anongoing basis. You have a contract with them. And you can gain the contract orlose the contract, but it tends to be start up from the beginning at almostfull level and then end very abruptly. This is a particular contract for a particulardevice, which we call an essential diagnostic that addresses a certain set ofmodels for -- for one of the OEMs in Europe. You roll it out to thedealerships, and once all the dealerships have facilitized themselves, theprogram is over.
AlexanderParis - Barrington Research Associates:  Oh,I see. Okay. Thank you. I just want I see -- would -- you had really goodmargin improvements on operating basis overall in all the segments. Can youjust review, just very briefly what your targets are, longer term over the nextcouple of years?
MartinEllen :  Alex,this is Marty, and I -- I know we have said this before. If you look at the mixof our current businesses today, the way we think about the model, say out to2010, gross margins in and around the mid-40s and operating expenses in thevery low 30s. Yieldingsort of middish, mid-teens or so operating margin which is, as we've saidbefore and truthfully just puts us really where many other industrial companiesare operating today.
AlexanderParis - Barrington Research Associates:  Andthis would be kind of a gradual improvement toward that range?
MartinEllen :  Yeah.But I am also pleased to say that when we set -- we had set a previously lowerexpectation for profitability in 2008, our results and where we are in our keystrategies and initiatives tell us we are probably ahead of schedule.
AlexanderParis - Barrington Research Associates:   Okay.Thank you. Just one other kind of a knit-picking question. You mentioned inthose products that laser re -- a wheel balancing system. Is that your own thatyou developed or is that someone else's that's –
NicholasPinchuk:  No,it is ours. It fundamentally takes a laser beam and profiles the tire andtherefore, by doing that profile understands where is the imbalance is in thetire. It is very effective to watch. You spin in the tire for a fewrevolutions. You understand where the imbalance is and the laser will pinpointexactly where to place the weights.
AlexanderParis - Barrington Research Associates:  Whatis the price of the product to the –
NicholasPinchuk :  Youknow, I want to say that the price is around, what, maybe $4,800 -- no, sorry,a little bit more than that, more like $6,000.
AlexanderParis - Barrington Research Associates:  Becauseit seems to me like that is a pretty major breakthrough. I know there aresystems out there being sold to OEM companies to go on the production line, butI have always heard that although it is great they'd have to get that down to adecent price before they can sell that to dealers. Is that a -- sounds to melike that is a pretty good breakthrough for a very good product.
NicholasPinchuk :  Itis a very good breakthrough. Before I have a number of people beating down mydoor over pricing, it is more like -- more like $6,700, $6,800 in terms of thestreet price are up. Approaching $7,000, but the thing about it is, this is agreat productivity advancement and actually if you look at our -- if you lookat our equipment progress over the last several quarters, there has beentremendous advancement in our wheel service position, particularly in Europebut also in the United States and it has been fueled by this kind of thing. Thewheel service business in -- in automotive repair is going more toward imaging,either taking a picture -- either in alignment where you take a picture of thewheels and -- and create an alignment around that picture or profiling thetire. And Snap-on, I think, arguably is further down the learning curve inimaging technology than any other -- then any other competitor. It has beenoffering products like this like our imaging aligners and like thislaser-guided balancer and the share -- and the share is -- is moving forwardshowing that. After all, this is what we believe we are about. It is part ofWho We Are. It represents some -- the most valued productivity solutions in theworld. The balancing here literally is the fastest in the industry. If you arein a shop, an OEM or tire shop, and you move volumes through that shop, you getgreat, great advantage to this and customers are starting to see this.
AlexanderParis - Barrington Research Associates:  Great,thank you very much.
Operator:  Wewill go next to Jim Lucas at Janney Montgomery Scott, please go ahead.
JamesLucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Thanks.Good morning, guys.
JackMichaels:  Goodmorning, Jim.
JamesLucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Thanksfor anticipating the question, Jack.
JackMichaels:  Youare welcome.
JamesLucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Acouple of housekeeping questions first. If -- as the portfolio has changedhere, could you bring us up to speed in terms of, number one, if you look atthe Commercial and Industrial business of tools versus equipment, how that iscomprised, and not specificallyfor C & I but the overall company, also give us the geographic breakdowntoday.
MartinEllen:  Jim,in terms of the C & I segment, the tool -- the equipment business ratherthe under car equipment business is roughly one-fourth of the total segmentsales.
JamesLucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay.
MartinEllen:  Interms of total geographics split of our revenues on a global basis, a littlemore than half is in the U.S. with the balanceoutside of the U.S.
JamesLucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Andis that in terms of Europe versus the emerging markets. That is what I wastrying to get a handle on is -- 
MartinEllen:  Today-- yeah, I mean, today, clearly there is much more in Europe than in Asia. And that's why Asia --we are doing well in Europe as are a lot ofcompanies, but not just because the economic situation there because as Nicksaid, we have -- we've really done alot in innovation, probably more than we adequately could cover on this shortcall. Asia is an enormousopportunity for us. I mean, we are growing there at 18% in the quarter. Yeah,it is a relatively small base, but lots of opportunity. As Nick said we expandedour factory in Kunshan. We are going to make other investments in China in the near term. We'vegot some exciting plans, I think. And I don't know if we are a late entrant ornot, but this there is clearly lots of opportunity.
NicholasPinchuk:  Ithink this is important -- this is Nick. I think it is important to realizethat we really started in Asia about three or four years ago. And whatwe are doing is we are building a product line and a distribution. And it isaccruing to us pretty effectively now, but weare still in early days in positioning the proper product line in Asia for taking fulladvantage of that. The good news about that is, the Asia market is growing. Itis attractive but it is pretty much unclaimed. So, there is lots of -- lots ofwhat I would call runway for expansion with the proper products and the properfacilities in place, and we are getting those.
JamesLucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay.And the number of dealers at the end of the quarter?
MartinEllen:  Okay.Jim, let me connect some dots around the -- you are talking about the franchisesystem.
JamesLucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Right.
MartinEllen:  Roundnumbers, we had about 3,000 franchisees. So, let me give you some -- some datapoints around -- what our franchisees and very important our franchises.Because as everybody knows that we lost some franchisees over recent periods, someof our betterfranchisees have taken on second franchises which allow us to cover the marketbetter. So, if you actually look at – and franchises -- franchises is reallythe way to think of our market coverage. This quarter was flat when it comes tofranchises – the franchisee count was down 8/10 of a point, I said less than 1%in my remarks. But in terms of market coverage and that’s because we picked upmore -- more seconds. What I didn't say in my prepared remarks but should sayreally here is that the through-put, the sales through the franchisees - and wecare about both - we care about market coverage in terms of franchises, we careabout the health of the franchisees. You know, we picked up through-put interms of year-over-year growth in sales to our franchisees, a fairly strong 8%and it was roughly split in thirds around our RWD growth, which is reallymarket share gain that we are taking away from warehouse distributors, ourmid-tier sales, much of that we believe is market share gain and then still athird, over 2. 5%, coming from Snap-on and I hate to use the word core -- butyou may think about it some of our core and more historic products. So,that was pretty good. The reason that the U.S. reported only about 4%year-over-year growth. They had good diagnostic sales. From an accounting pointof view, we defer some of that revenue because there is some software we'lldeliver in later quarters. That revenue will come back in later quarters. Nickcommented on lower turnover. That had an impact. So, we are really pleased withthe level of velocity of through-put and the year-over-year growth in thatthrough the franchisees.
NicholasPinchuk:  AndI can add some local color to that. I just came back from the franchiseeconference in Canada, which had about 300people -- 300 franchisees, 300 people and 300 franchisees in conference in Calgary and I would say themood was tremendously upbeat. When we look at the -- when we look at themetrics and we see van sales up, the purchases up, and we see all the othermetrics going in the right direction and turnover down, I have to report thatit is reflected in the attitudes of our franchisees. They are dedicated andthey are optimistic about the future. They know we have more to do, but theyrecognize the improvements that have been made and they say that it's enablingthem for further advancement and having a favorable outlook on their business now.
JamesLucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay.Final question, philosophical one. Jack, you talked about the -- that a -- thata system is being developed a lot more standard work, documented processes inplace. As you look at the progress that has been made here at Snap-on, and youthink about what is left to do, can you maybe frame from a priority standpointif you were looking out over the next 12 to 18 months of -- of what you see askind of the pressing priorities still? 
JackMichaels:  Yeah,I think -- Jim, I think we have made improvements on all fronts, butnonetheless, I think the -- the greatest area of improvement for us going through2008 is going to be focused on productivity improvement. Now, the way wemeasure that, it is at a high level. If you get down to a cell, it's measureddifferently. But at a high level, we are looking at sales per associate and allof our business, and we are going to pay a lot more attention to that on asingle focus next year because as we do that, it will help improve ourflexibility in our plants. As Nick said, we offer more SKUs than anybody elseso we have to be able to -- you know, have great flexibility in our plants andwe are improving it but we are still not where we should be and we'll also improveon our complete on-time deliveries and therefore our sales. So you understandit very well. So I think we are going -- we are going to put a lot of attentionon just productivity for next year, and as we did in our safety program, wejust focused on one element of it, which was our incident rate, and we madegreat improvements and went from a 13 incident rate level down to 3 -- below 3,almost 2. That may not mean much too many of you but that's an OSHAcalculation, and but it shows what we can do when we really get focused and weput process steps in place and realize results. So that's exactly what we arein the process of doing. Now, we want to carry it a little larger. You know,some of the well-known competitors that we have for one, for example, you knowwho we are talking about, have done a great job with their business system. Andso we believe we have moved far enough that we can start thinking of that, andwe will be developing that. And there are several other elements to that likeour innovation, et cetera, new product development that we think will be partof that. But we will -- we will be documented and as we go forward we will keepyou informed.
NicholasPinchuk:  Letme -- Jim, let me add -- just something. This is Nick. Let me add justsomething about that going forward. We see substantial opportunities, substantialrunway for growth. We will be talking about that a lot and we will be trying totake advantage of that with our execution. But make no mistake about it, weknow that ongoing cost reduction and improvement is an essential part of our future.So, things like Jack referred to, like a business system that will -- that willenable our operations to focus on productivity aregoing to be front and center in our management discussions and the focus of allof our people going forward.
JamesLucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Great.Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator:  Wewill go next to Jonathan Steinmetz at Morgan Stanley.
JonathanSteinmetz – Morgan Stanley :  Great,good morning, everyone.
MartinEllen:  Goodmorning, Jonathan.
JonathanSteinmetz – Morgan Stanley:  Thefirst question I had is I guess you guys are sort of talking about the abilityto achieve a mid-teens operating margin by 2010 and it seems like a lot of that-- which I think you are talking 300 to 400 basis points of improvement versuswhere you are today, a lot of that seems like it will come on the operatingexpense side of things. Can you talk a little bit about how much you see that asmore effectively leveraging an increase in sales and how much is a reduction inactual operating expenses and to the extent there is a reduction, where doesthat come from and what is the key driver of that?
MartinEllen:  Well,John, it is Marty. Good morning. First of all, don't minimize at all the growthopportunities. Again, I think we demonstrated this quarter that organically wehave a lot of good things happening in our businesses, and we believe ourbusinesses have organicgrowth capabilities in the mid to high single digits. So, and as I saidearlier, I mean, we are trying to get our operating expenses in the low 30s. Ifyou run all the numbers, maybe that would be higher than mid-teens. I don'twant to go there yet. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but we areactually very encouraged by the growth opportunities in our businesses. Our industrialbusiness, for example, in the commercial segment, which did great this quarter,is really into some end-market segments that have pretty good growthopportunities. We have lots of -- as you know, going on in the franchiseebusiness in terms of our product offering and the breadth of our product lineand we are seeing great gains there. So, as we look out the next three years, Imean we are actually very encouraged by our growth opportunities. Diagnosticsand Information we haven't talked about in this call. There is a lot happeningthere both in the core businesses, as well as in Business Solutions. So, I havegot to tell you, if we can obviously overachieve on the top line, you know, wewill do very well. 
NicholasPinchuk:  Letme -- this is Nick. Let me just put some landscaping on that. I think we arelooking for balanced progress as we go forward. We feel pretty good, prettyenthusiastic about our growth opportunities. The van business has substantialopportunities. It has open routes we haven't filled. It has purchases in themidtier, that our existing customers go else where now. We can capture thoseand there are a number of technicians we have never reached and we can. Martytalked about the industrial business and I think it's a little understood pieceof the business. Fundamentally, we have 500 direct salesmen. These are peoplewho have tremendous technical capability. They go forward and address otherindustries like -- like manufacturing or oil and gas or – or the government.  Andnow that we have been able to enable them and arm them with good and betterdelivery and new products, together with the wide product line, we seetremendous runway along that -- along that route, and then finally – or notfinally, but the OEM garage. The -- the repair garage. The management of repairgarage in terms of repair information and shop management and parts catalogs,we see this as a growing opportunity for us. And then when you lay on top ofthat emerging markets, we are pretty excited about the possibilities.
JonathanSteinmetz – Morgan Stanley:  Butdo you see and I appreciate all the growth opportunities, but if for any reasonwe were to hit sort of any macroeconomic pothole or anything like that and thetop line were to come in weak or so there was less ability to leverage it, arethere more plain vanilla cost reduction type opportunities that you see and ifso, where would those be concentrated?
NicholasPinchuk:  Well,I think the concentration is -- is a lot of different places. I don't thinkthere is any particular concentration. I think we have done a good -- some job-- some reasonable job of taking cost out of our product in recent quarters.But when Jack and I walk around our -- our back office situation, our backoffice activities, we see opportunity everywhere. So, while I wouldn't -- whileI wouldn't characterize it as any one area providing a mother load orlow-hanging fruit, I think that Jack and I often talk about the fact that oneof the great things about Snap-on is almost everywhere we look we seeopportunities for RCI to create more productivity.
JackMichaels:  Wehave 103 associates dedicated that have been trained to some degree and we arecontinuing to train them, just working with the rest of the organization atsites around the world on our RCI programs.
NicholasPinchuk:  I-- I could add to this. I think these -- these are businesses -- I amrelatively new here. These are businesses that have been classically doing wellbased on brand and innovation. And there is a lot of opportunity forproductivity advantages as we manage moreaggressively going forward. 
JonathanSteinmetz – Morgan Stanley:  Okay. Just a couple of other ones. You talked about the wind downon that OEM facilitation business, are there any costs on that that would besort of be in the quarter lingering where as that winds down those comes out insort of a step function way or does the cost wind down as the revenues havebeen winding down?
MartinEllen:  John,this is Marty. There is not a cost wind down and that business unit today as wesit here is in fact, bidding on and negotiating new contracts. That is just thenature -- the issue with the business when we try to do these quarterly compsin our numbers is ofcourse the volatility that is created by the timing of these programs, butthere are a number of programs that we are bidding on and actually expect to besuccessful on, that will replace that business.
JonathanSteinmetz – Morgan Stanley:  Okay. And Cap Ex levels as you think forward into '08, would youexpect to remain where we are this year? Or do we need to go up to -- to sortof take advantage of some of the growth opportunities?
NicholasPinchuk :  No,I think they are going to be about the same levels.
JonathanSteinmetz – Morgan Stanley:  Okay.And lastly, I am surprised no one has asked it yet, so I will toss it outthere, credit trends in the credit company, any metrics you can provide us interms of delinquencies among end customers or anything like that, given what isgoing on in the sort of macro -- from a macro perspective?
MartinEllen:  Thatis a great question, Jonathan. Let me remind everyone on this call that we havebeen in the sub-prime lending business for decades. But we run it as abusiness. Every customer is properly credit scored. We don't do everytransaction. And I think as allof you know the pricing on those contracts represent the risk in thosecontracts. So, there are no funny or, you know, strange structures that we doin an effort to gain business and those of you who that have followed us knowwe have been doing this a long time. Actuallywith respect to losses and delinquencies, they are down. And one of the mostimportant predictors of future losses is our 30-plus-day delinquency and I willtell you that it is at -- it is now lower and substantially lower, probably 40%lower and runs inthe 3% to 3.5% range than it was at this same time two years ago and it washigher at the same time a year ago. Not withstanding what you read, ourportfolios are performing well. As all of you know, it is a model that is verymuch managed by and influenced by our franchisees who collect. So, probably acouple of years ago we had a little more turnover in the system. Thedelinquency data reflected that. We have improved on that. People know we arenot embarrassed to collect money. Our franchisees are not at all -- not at allafraid to take back toolboxes and tools. And so we have always been verydisciplined in this area. We are pleased. Given what is happening in the macroenvironment-- we are very, very pleased with what the data is telling us.
NicholasPinchuk:  Letme just again add on that that in a macro sense, of course, no one ever wantsto see disruptions in the marketplace, but as Marty just said, all the data wecan look at, turnover, delinquencies seem to be moving in the right directiondespite the apparent headwinds of this. Secondly, when we look at our businesses over time, they are not- our van business over time, it is not particularly vulnerable to interestchanges. And remember this, when a technician purchases a tool, it is aproductivity advantage. Hepurchases that tool because it makes him more money. It is his path for more --for more income. So they are -- they place those purchases very high onpriority levels. So, they don't back out of them very easily. And then onefinal point. What we are seeing thisquarter is balanced strength. Yes, we have a good van business, but we have gotgreat industrial business. We have got strong positions in Europe, and we are -- and weare building a position in Asia-Pacific. So any one particular jurisdictionthat gets affected by economics, we have some offset.
JonathanSteinmetz – Morgan Stanley:  Great.Thank you very much. Very helpful.
MartinEllen:  Thanks.
Operator:  Wewill go next to David Leiker at Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Goodmorning.
MartinEllen:  Goodmorning, David.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Iwas wondering if you can put some items in different buckets for me. When youlook at -- I apologize for the voice -- I am in the process of losing it, butwhen you look at the margin gains. You are actually seeing them accelerate herein the last year versus what you have been doing over the prior two or threeyears, and I am sure it is a combination of things. If you could put some coloraround how much of this is revenue growth. How much is Business Solutionsbusiness which had higher margins and how much is -- is a focus on the costside?
MartinEllen:  Okay,David. You are talking about operating profitability. Well, you saw the salesgrowth. And we don't separately call out the financial result of BusinessSolutions, but clearly that's -- that's having some -- some effect on theexpansion of our margin. I thinkwhen we first showed the numbers for Business Solutions, you saw it representedjust under -- roughly 10% of the company's total sales. So you can -- you cansort of do that math with the data we shared back when we did the transaction. Itseconomic model is clearly intact. You -- you can go by segment here. There isno question as we said on the call that, you know, we are able to use RCI to, forthe most part, more than offset headwinds we have gotten in -- in costincreases. And you can see the improvement in the operating expense ratio -- Idon't know what that is offhand in terms of a percentage gain. You guys can alldo the math. And you can sort of work through the organic top-line growth whichis somewhere between 3% and 8% depending on how you think about the OEMfacilitation business.  Thereis no question more of it is coming from the lowering of expenses as a percentto sales, but it is not really cost-cutting. There is no question we areeliminating waste, and that is a form of cost-cutting, but we are also seeingthe drop-through effects of incremental sales. I mean, you know, the greatthing about this business, we have got some real premium products. They arehighly valued products. And we have businesses that, you know, at theincrement, you know, can drop through at the gross line 50% or more with very-- very little direct selling if you will in the SG&A side. That's why withnot huge growth numbers we can get very, very dramatic improvements inprofitability.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Okay.So as we look forward, do you think that those drivers behind the margins arecomparable going forward? Or does it shift somewhat among those three items?Obviously revenue growth is -- there continues to be -- a big turnover.
MartinEllen:  Overthe long period -- I don't want to think beyond 2010. Right now as I have said,you know, whatever, 34.4% in OE -- we think that with very little growthtruthfully -- and this will go back to Jonathan's comment a little bit -- ifyou really understand the powerof RCI and you look at processes, and you don't realize how much waste is reallyin processes, whether it’s five days to process an order that should be fiveminutes. When you really get at this, there are a lot of areas of waste. And weare just getting at it verymethodically.  Webelieve that we can drive ROE today without much top-line growth down into the32% range. That has always been our internal plan, not relying on any growthreally to get there. That should tell you the amount of opportunity we see inour current business. Over the very, very long term, be unlikely that you willdrive, you know, four times operating profit improvement from -- from your topline, but between now and 2010, we have got a lot of opportunity to sort of dothose sorts of things, to end up with those sorts of operating profitabilitygrowth relationships to sales growth.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Okay.Should we expect any more gains from the LIFO accounting going forward? Or hasthat run its course?
MartinEllen:  Well,you know, look, as you further reduce inventories and we didn't talk much inthis call, we think there is more opportunity there that is a by-product.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Right.
MartinEllen:  Itry not on the call to separate out the effects on the rate of margins so tothe extent you see that as nonrecurring or non-operating, however you thinkabout LIFO versus FIFO, to help you guys with the margin comparisons.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Howmuch lower do you think you can take your inventory?
MartinEllen:  Well,David, at 4.6 turns -- you know Jack is over here sort of smiling -- you knowwe think substantially. If you look at our – you guys look at our Qs and Ksyou'll see that most of our inventory is in finished goods. That is why we aredoing all the work around thedistribution centers and created, if you will, our 80/20 which that drove oursynchronized supply chain and is driving us to handle the high volume SKUs verydifferently than the low volume, which not only helps our complete and on-timedelivery which is a critical measure of customer care if you will for ourfranchisees and customers, but also is going to drive down inventories.
JackMichaels:  Flexibilityin the manufacturing plants.
MartinEllen:  Flexibilityin the manufacturing plants is the other piece of that equation. When you getflexible, as everybody knows you no longer really have to produce to a forecastand now you can produce to demand so you are not producing excess inventory or inventorythat you don't need. There is a lot of opportunity there.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Okay.Do you have a currency number for payables?
MartinEllen:  Acurrency number?
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Foraccounts payable. How much?
MartinEllen:  Somebodyis telling me 6.2 -- is that dollars or what is it?
JackMichaels:  $6.2million.
MartinEllen:  Shedoesn't want to speak. $6.2 million, David. There it is. I can't know anything.
JackMichaels:  Iguess we don't know.
MartinEllen:  Igive credit to all of my people.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Ifwe look at the Diagnostics and Information, if we pull out Business Solutions,roughly 50 million and you add back in the facilitation and call it 20 million,you have a revenue number that is flat year-over-year. I am just -- either mymath is wrong or I'm trying to reconcile that with the fact that sales are up10%.
MartinEllen:  Letme do that for you because my comment went to sort of our core Diagnostics andInformation which is essentially the Mitchell business. You know ourbusinesses, the service information and shop management business, as well asour diagnostics business,fundamentally handhelds and [inaudible] software. In forming that comment Ishould have been clear, recall that a year ago, we took out of that segment --we made some noncore products, air conditioning products, battery chargers at aplant down in Mexico that we got rid of.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co.:  Right.
MartinEllen:  Forpurpose of that measurement. What I wanted to communicate was when you think ofthe core across Diagnostics and Information...
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Okay.
MartinEllen:  …wethink is really high value-added. We actually did very well when you make thecomparison that way.
NicholasPinchuk:  Ithink the thing -- the thing about that area is the place we are trying togravitate toward which is supplying the shop ownership with products whether itis repair information or shop management or online parts catalogs or even someof our new diagnostics productslike the SOLUS PRO which just came out, those seem to be selling very well andso when we isolate on those core businesses as Marty did, the quarter looks prettypositive and we are encouraged by that.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Twolast things and I will just throw them out together and you can deal with themindependently. If you take the midtier product in the RWD business and thetools business, can you give us some sense of scale how much of your businessis going through those two product extensions today. And then similar questionremains reflects the emerging markets in China and how much of yourbusiness today is to those end markets?
MartinEllen:  Iwill take the first part of that and just frame this in dollars for you.Roughly in the third quarter, our midtier and RWD, let's call it $20 million.So, clearly a small but fast-growing part.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Okay.
NicholasPinchuk:  AndI think the Asia-Pacific, the emerging market portion of Asia-Pacific, if youexclude Japan where we already have areasonably mature business, we are talking about I think the forecast for theyear is about 85 -- $85 million, which is up about 35% or 40%  fromlast year.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Whatabout Eastern Europeand Russia and –
NicholasPinchuk:  Eastern Europeis substantially smaller. It is more like -- I think our business there may be more like $20 million but it is growing veryfast.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Marty,I have -- is that -- is that a quarterly number or an annual number, Nick?
NicholasPinchuk:  That'san annual number the 85 million and the 20.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Marty,I have some recollection that you have a $200 million revenue business in China. Is that a bad number?
NicholasPinchuk:  That'snot -- I don't know where –
MartinEllen:  Thatis not us. We said earlier -- we said we tried to approach $100 million thisyear. Nick said it will be the $85 million to $90 million range.
NicholasPinchuk:  Whatyou might be thinking of is, if you look at Asia-Pacific region which includesJapan, China, the area I just quoted in emerging markets and Australia, then weroll up to a little bit north of $200 million.
David Leiker - Robert W.Baird & Co., Inc.:  Okay.Great. Thank you very much.
MartinEllen:  Thanks,David
Operator:  Wewill go next to Boyd Poston at Gallatin Asset Management.
BoydPoston – Gallatin Asset Management:  Goodmorning. With restructuring cost 8 million first quarter, 6 million secondquarter and you ramped down to a little bit under 2 million third quarter and Iguess you are ramping back 6 , 7 or 8 million in the fourth quarter. Can youcomment and give me coloron the ramp down in the third quarter and ramp back up in the fourth quarter?
MartinEllen:  Asyou know, Boyd, first of all, these sort of come in -- in lumps depending uponwhat we are specifically doing. As I said on the call, now it looks like thefull year is going to be $3 million or so less. As I said in my prior remarkswe could be up to 25 million. We are still looking at some projects that may ormay not happen this year. If they happen may be up to the $25 million range ifnot we will be lower. But it is not a number that you can necessarily thinkabout in terms of some pattern or, you know, some normalized level.It is very project specific. I think everybody knows we have been working onsome big initiatives in Europe, migrating productionand moving facilities, you know. Earlier this year, we spent some money tomigrate production to one of our U.S. hand tool plants. So,you know, it really occurs on a project basis. 
BoydPoston – Gallatin Asset Management:  Wouldyou expect that at this point for '08 that number to be under $25 million?
MartinEllen:  Yes,I mean, we haven't seen all of our plants through the whole of 2008 yet, but Iwould say so. Do you remember, before this year we communicated roughly 20 withsome view over time that it would even decline from that level and that wouldstill be our expectation. But we will try to give you as much color on thisgoing forward each quarter as we have these calls. 
BoydPoston – Gallatin Asset Management:  Kindof a follow-up to what Jim was talking about, as far as franchisees, thatnumber might be 3600, 3700?
MartinEllen:  Not-- not in terms of franchisees in the U.S.
BoydPoston – Gallatin Asset Management:  Interms of vans?
MartinEllen:  Oh,in terms of vans, around 3500.
BoydPoston – Gallatin Asset Management:  Okay.As far as the U.S. dealer performance, wasthere much difference as far as sections of the country, as far as their salesto the repair shops?
MartinEllen:  I-- you know, Boyd, I don't have that information, I don't know. I would sayprobably not. Nothing has been communicated to me from our business people, so truthfully,I don't have that data.
BoydPoston – Gallatin Asset Management:  Asfar as modeling purposes, the higher production material costs, 5.2 millionthis quarter. Going forward is there -- would you expect much change in thatnumber in the fourth quarter?
MartinEllen:  No,I mean -- obviously you know -- we are close to what happens to steel. Priceshave actually moved around depending if I have -- whether you are looking atsheet steel or bar stock for the Hand Tools. But yeah, we'd expect to continueto see some upward pressure, no question.
BoydPoston – Gallatin Asset Management:  Okay.Thank you.
Operator:  Andwith no further questions left in the queue, I would like to turn the conferenceback over to Mr. Ellen for any additional and closing remarks.
MartinEllen:  Well,thank you, Tony. Thank you all of you for joining us this morning. We lookforward to talking to you again soon. Thank you.
