===== 2025 Q1  (2025-02-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter Fiscal Year 2025. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Trey Campbell, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Trey Campbell : Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Sassine Ghazi, President and CEO of Synopsys; and Shelagh Glaser, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items plus the recent investor presentation are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on our website at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Sassine.
Sassine Ghazi: Good afternoon. We had a solid start to 2025, exceeding the midpoint of our Q1 revenue guidance and delivering non-GAAP EPS above our guidance range. As we outlined in December, Q1 revenue was down 4% year-over-year, and non-GAAP EPS was down 10% as we had one less work week in Q1 '25 versus Q1 '24. . Let me take a few minutes to share some business highlights, and then Sheila will discuss the financials in more detail. From an end market perspective, AI and HPC remained robust in the first quarter, while industrial, automotive and consumer electronics remained challenged. Despite the sale of two markets, along with headwinds in China as we anticipated, Synopsys opportunity is tied to R&D and underpinned by the mega trends of AI and silicon proliferation and software-defined systems. These trends are increasing design complexity and cost while driving greater compute and energy demands. New design paradigms are essential to address these challenges and Synopsys is racing to deliver. I had the privilege to meet with semi and automotive customers at in January, who all expressed their strong belief in the strategy we are driving. They underscored the pressing need for solutions to design, validate and optimize intelligent products virtually from silicon to systems. Our pending acquisition of ANSYS will pave the way for new AI-powered design solutions that use electronics and physics giving R&D teams the tools they need to ignite their future innovation. In January, the European Commission approved our pending procompetitive acquisition of ANSYS and the U.K. CMA provisionally accepted our remedies toward the Phase 1 approval. As previously communicated, the U.S. HSR Act waiting period has expired. And we're making strong progress with other regulatory agencies, including China. Customers overwhelmingly support this transaction and we continue to anticipate closing in the first half of 2025. Moving to business highlights. In Q1, Design Automation revenue was up 4% year-over-year with 1 less week of revenue versus the prior Q1, while design activity remained strong. Synopsys is the leader in hardware-assisted verification or HAV solutions. And this month, we strengthened our position expanding our industry-leading HAV portfolio to include new HAPS 200 prototyping systems and new ZeBu 200 emulation systems with up to 2x better performance versus our prior generation. AMD, ARM, NVIDIA and SI5 are among a number of customers who are deploying our new prototyping and emulation technologies, and we were honored by their participation in our recent launch. Last year, we had our best year ever in hardware, and we expect another year of strong performance based on the enthusiasm for our newly expanded Synopsys HAV portfolio. which provides the unmatched performance and flexibility our customers require to prototype emulate and verify ever more integrated complex and software-defined systems. Turning to EDA software, where we are seeing strong design activity at advanced nodes with 2-nanometer projects accelerating rapidly. Fusion Compiler is the industry-leading platform for advanced node digital design implementation. And this quarter, we saw a U.S. hyperscaler tape out a 2-nanometer test chip exclusively using Synopsys design flow. Additionally, at 2-nanometer, Fusion Compiler was the platform of choice for a U.S. HPC, CPU tape-out and an Asian mobile customers 2-nanometer at SOC. Moving to Synopsys technologies where we offer the industries essential trusted solutions to close out timing, signal integrity, power and variation aware analysis. Headlining our portfolio is prime time. which is used by virtually all key advanced node customers. Customers are reporting significant productivity improvements with the most recent prime time release with one customer achieving 30% faster turnaround time with multi-core scaling. Our IC Validator product family is delivering tremendous value and physical verification sign-off. And recent product improvements have unleashed even greater turnaround time improvements for customers. Leading edge customers are achieving greater than 2x turnaround time for full chip physical verification sign-off at 3-nanometer and below, enabling design teams to finish more sign-off runs within the budget cycle time to improve the quality of results. Before moving out of sign-off, a few points on Star RC, which is the industry-leading tool for extraction on advanced process nodes. To date, we've seen all of our major CPU and GPU customers on TSMC and [indiscernible] and Intel 18A using STAR RC for sign-off extraction with the key differentiation being the accuracy of results and tool performance relative to competition. The massive AI infrastructure build-out that's currently underway paves the way for a transformation across all industries, including our own. AI is fueling chip innovation and the AI-driven EDA capabilities we pioneered from reinforcement learning to generative AI capabilities are delivering significant productivity gains and cementing our leadership position, but we're only at the beginning. While customers are realizing compelling value from our initial AI-driven optimization engines, these enhanced capabilities have not yet dramatically altered the underlying design flow for a chip. We see a paradigm shift coming with agent AI where engineers can task autonomous agents with executing complex workflows. We believe this will be massive value and productivity unlock for our industry. Which we'll talk more about at our Synopsys User Group Conference in March. But first, AI business highlights from this quarter. In Q1, we continue to drive Synopis.ai adoption across our tools in design implementation, verification, test and analog. In verification or VSO.ai, we saw a large U.S. memory company begin deployment of VSO.ai to find corner case bugs realize a 2x improvement in hardware utilization, while an Asian hyperscale customer achieved a 4x turnaround time improvement with VSO.ai on its HPC design, significantly improving hardware utilization and outperforming the competition. Our analog migration tool, ASO.ai continues to build a strong pipeline of customer opportunities and in Q1 delivered a significant competitive displacement at a leading aerospace company. We also continue to expand our generative AI offerings for customers. We recently added script generation capabilities to the core pilots for Fusion Compiler and prime time, and early customer results are demonstrating 30% average productivity improvements for designers. Additionally, synopsys.ai generative formal verification capability in Verde is delivering up to a 35% productivity boost in early engagements with key partners. On to design IP, in line with our expectations, revenue was down 17% year-over-year versus a record setting prior year compare. While IP revenue can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, the opportunity set for IP continues to expand, particularly as AI customers accelerate protocol transitions and look for creative ways to drive enhanced performance per watt. This quarter, we launched the industry's first Ultra Accelerator Link, or UAL and Ultra Ethernet IP solutions to connect massive AI accelerator clusters addressing the industry need for open standard solutions to scale AI accelerator infrastructure. We also continue to optimize our foundation IP libraries to deliver unparalleled AI performance. One, high-performance AI customer used our memory and logic libraries to deliver breakthrough LLM performance at 5-nanometer. Across our interface IP portfolio, AI continues to push protocols forward at breakneck pace as customers drive for additional performance per watt. This quarter, we captured several key design wins, including a Kind Edge PCIe 7.0 design with an AI infrastructure chip provider, and we secured a 224 gig ethernet win with a major ecosystem player. We also secured 112-gig SerDes and PCIe 6.0 agreement with a leading European telecommunications equipment provider and an interface IP development deal for a leading auto OEMs advanced 2-nanometer design. Our IP development for the foundry ecosystem is a mission-critical ingredient for the industry. And in Q1, we announced silicon success for PCIe 4.05 IP on Samsung's SS-8 process used in auto, mobile, networking and storage applications. Also in Q1, we demonstrated silicon success for our onetime programmable nonvolatile memory IP. This technology enables secure storage for encryption keys, product configuration and SRAM repair information and is now available in TSMC N4 and N5 and N6 and N7 processes. Moving to mobile and consumer markets, where end market demand is challenging, but design activity continues as customers ready a next wave of innovative products. A leading Asian automotive supplier adopted Synopsys interface processor and foundation IP due to our long track record of delivering high-quality IP. Also in Q1, we closed the design win, including PCIe 4.0, MIPI and USB with a leading mobile provider for an ARM-based application processor. UFS or universal flash storage is a key technology in these verticals. And we closed a UFS design with a key company driving a AIPCs this quarter. We also continue to see strong demand for the advanced UFS protocol in mobile to support LLM storage for Gen AI use cases. A few closing comments before we transition to Shelagh's remarks, we have a very resilient business model, and our solutions are mission-critical to our customers' innovation. We have strong momentum across the business, bolstered by secular growth tailwinds, including AI. The application of AI for EDA and engineering more broadly is just beginning, which we'll discuss in more detail at Snug in March. Finally, thank you to our employees, customers and partners for a strong start to 2025. We are excited to continue our partnership journey with you through the year. With that, I'll turn it over to Shelagh.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you, Sassine. We delivered a solid start to the year, with revenue in the upper end of our guided range, non-GAAP operating margin of 36.5% and and non-GAAP earnings above the high end of our guidance range. Our Q1 results are driven by our strong execution across the business leading technology that is mission-critical to our customers and a resilient and stable business model. As a result, we are reaffirming our full year 2025 targets for revenue non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP EPS. I'll now review our first quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.46 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $1.2 billion, and total non-GAAP cost and expenses were $924 million resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 36.5%. GAAP earnings per share were $1.89, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.03.
Operator: Now to guidance. For fiscal year 2025, the full year targets are revenue of $6.745 billion to $6.05 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $4.97 billion and $5.03 billion, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $4.05 billion and $4.09 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 40% at the midpoint. Non-tax rate of 16%; GAAP earnings of $10.09 to $10.31 per share. Non-GAAP earnings of $14.88 to $14.96 per share. Cash flow from operations of approximately $1.8 billion and free cash flow of approximately $1.6 billion. Now to targets for the second quarter. Revenue between $1.585 billion and $1.615 billion total GAAP costs and expenses between $1.19 billion and $1.21 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $985 million and $995 million. GAAP earnings of $2.21 to $2.33 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $3.37 and to $3.42 per share. Our press release and financial supplement include additional targets and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, we delivered a solid start to the year. We continue to execute and for 2025 are reiterating 10.1% to 11.1% revenue growth. Non-GAAP operating margin of 3% and approximately 13% non-GAAP EPS growth. Our confidence reflects our relentless execution and leadership position across our segments, mission-critical products to enable our customers' innovation and a stable and resilient business model. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Sitikantha Panigrahi with Mizuho.
Sitikantha Panigrahi: Congrats on a nice quarter, and Shelagh that 200 bps margin date is impressive. Sassine, I want to ask about growth trends that you expect to unfold over this short to long term. And when you segment your growth into AI and non-AI side, you talked about the strong AI-driven design activity. So how do you see DeepSeek going to impact EDA in general and Synopsys in particular? And then I have a follow-up.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. Thank you for the question. We started talking about the tale of two markets maybe about a year ago. And the reason for that is if you look at the semiconductor market, in particular, you have the grouping of customers that they're developing semiconductor chips for AI, HPC and they've had a very strong demand and and a very healthy road map that we are engaged with and supporting and selling to. Then you have the other grouping of customers, which is primarily the consumer electronics, automotive, industrial, that their opportunity to leverage AI has been shifting to the right. Now you look at the consumer electronics, in particular, the PC and mobile, it has picked up recently due to applications like AI on PC, AI on phone. And this is where DeepSeek will provide an opportunity to expand the adoption of AI on devices, given the affordability, the effectiveness, you don't have to go back to cloud in order to retrieve information, et cetera, et cetera. Now you look at the whole semiconductor R&D, it's expected to grow from a 6% of sales per year to about 9%. For us, that's fantastic. Because remember, we sell to R&D inside our customers. Now you zoom out completely to the Synopsys opportunity. we don't only sell to semiconductor, we sell to system companies, which are developing chips not to be sold, but developing chips for them to consume. And that opportunity as well has been great for Synopsys given they are consuming IT hardware, software to design some of the more sophisticated chips. So that's how we see the landscape. I hope that gave you a sense of how we see the monetization.
Sitikantha Panigrahi: Okay. and do you see that now the non -- in the traditional semi non-AI side, do you think that we already hit the trough and -- do you expect -- what kind of trends you are seeing on those outside of making AI chips?
Sassine Ghazi: On the consumer electronics side, PC, mobile, yes, we have seen over the last 2 to 3 quarters, an acceleration in our customers' road map in building these chips. In automotive, industrial, I want to say it's still about the same.
Operator: The next question comes from Lee Simpson of Morgan Stanley.
Lee Simpson: Great. Great quarter, guys. Maybe just a first question just on China. It does seem like Chinese growth is flattening off, I think, 12% of sales in this last quarter. And I assume here in, given the discussion that you made around hardware, that hardwood at least is shipping quite nicely to China. But probably not much else. So I wonder if you can maybe give us a sense for the moving parts. If we leave aside export controls and the changes there, what is driving that flattening of sales in China? And how should we think of that as we go through the year? And maybe as a follow-on, Sassine, I couldn't help but you did tease us with the Agentic AI and the productivity gains. And so I'm just trying to understand the viewpoint that Synopsys would have here utilizing, I assume deep research and like, are you looking at this as an operating margin driver? Or are you looking at this as a product development acceleration?
Sassine Ghazi: Regarding China, if you recall, when we reported Q4 '23 and guided FY '24, we said that we're going to be pragmatic and regarding China. And we saw absolutely a trend of deceleration driven by two factors. The first one is the cumulative effect of restrictions. And the second one that cannot be ignored, which is the slowing local economy and the money that's flowing into start-ups and the overall economy in China. As we wrapped up FY '24, China finished roughly at corporate average. As we started looking at FY '25 and all these, I want to call them stress points in China, we have assumed in our guidance that China will continue on decelerating and below the corporate average due to the two factors I just mentioned. Now you pointed out hardware in particular, and that really has nothing to do with one part of the portfolio or the other. Because customers, when they're buying from us, they're still buying the software, the IP and the hardware but it has all this impact of road map shifting and customers we cannot sell to due to the restrictions of either technology or entity list. So that's China. In terms of genic AI, it's such an exciting opportunity. And the reason is so exciting is truly the evolution of AI to get to a point of maturity that will truly change the workflow for -- engineering workflow for our customers. And we're well on our way to partner with key leading AI partners to bring in that transformation from generative AI to genetic AI to the engineering world. In terms of us inside our company, absolutely. We are taking advantage of every opportunity for every function, not only the engineering functions, the various functions inside the company to modernize and capture the productivity of AI.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Quatrochi with Wells Fargo.
Joe Quatrochi: I was wondering if I could ask again on just kind of the design activity for non-AI versus AI. For the non-AI customers, have you seen like the rate of change over the past few quarters in terms of design activity. Has that stabilized and improved maybe outside of the PC smartphone AI dynamic?
Sassine Ghazi: Thanks, Joe, for the question. For the way Synopsys engage with semiconductor companies, we engage on pretty much every single chip they have on their road map. So our observation and insights is based on the following: when a customer is designing a chip, say, within a window of about 14 to 16 months tape-out meaning before they hand it over to the foundry to manufacture, are we seeing a shift to the right of that road map. And that's what we classified as the tale of two markets where if you are in AI HPC, get going from 16, 18 months development down to 12 months. So it's a significant acceleration. For the consumer electronic market as well as auto industrial, for a period of time, the road map was not being fueled by the opportunity to accelerate. So that had -- we observed it through our IP pull down and the pace in which they move to the next project on their road map. We are seeing absolutely the pickup in the mobile and PC. And when it comes to auto and industrial, I want to say there is not much change compared to what we've seen over the last 3-ish 4 quarters or so. But it does not mean they are not investing in their road map and they're not building chips, but the pace in which they're developing and releasing, it's not with the same pace and acceleration.
Joe Quatrochi: That's helpful. I appreciate the detail. As a follow-up, you talked about the new hardware solutions that you launched this month. How should we think about just the growth trajectory there, the pipeline. And then in the context of I think your inventory increased a decent amount this quarter. I think it's at a record level.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. I'll let me make a comment in general on the market, then I would like to turn it to Sheila. In terms of the new hardware system, we're so excited about launch because we focused on the use case of a hybrid emulation prototyping use case where customers are looking for every bit of performance they can achieve in order to validate their software before the chip is available. And this has been the use case that Synopsys has led for many years. And with this new launch, we continue on expanding that leadership. Shelagh?
Shelagh Glaser: Yes. And we've been investing in hardware. As you know, we're up about 15% quarter-on-quarter, about 9% year-on-year. That's not all finished goods. So obviously, as Sassine mentioned, we just launched a few weeks ago. the exciting new platforms. We're racing to build those products, finish those products out demand exceeds supply right now. We see a much more back half loaded. In fact, Q4 loaded hardware year just because of availability of those new units. So we're racing as quickly as we can to fulfill that customer demand, but that's why we're putting so much more investment in hardware to be able to service those important workloads for our customers.
Operator: The next question comes from Charles Shi of Needham & Company.
Charles Shi: Maybe the first one, a housekeeping item. Shelagh Glaser, what's the backlog exiting fiscal Q1 '25?
Shelagh Glaser: The backlog exiting Q1 is $7.7 billion.
Charles Shi: Okay. Got it. So maybe more of a longer-term question. But the question is rooted in last year's number. Last year, fiscal '24, the EDA revenue for Synopsys if I back out the extra week impact in fiscal Q1 '24, the growth rate was around 9% year-on-year. But when I look at your peers, they are core EDA revenue also kind of show some sort of a deceleration from double digits to like high single digit in the last fiscal year. So it feels like you guys have probably seen the same thing here, but I wonder you think about the long term, you guys were thinking about 12% over the long term, but was last year kind of hitting a cyclical bottom in terms of EDA revenue growth? Or we still need to weigh a little bit of a recovery, let's say, the non-AI side, you keep referring to a payoff two markets, right, for that to recover to get back to the low double-digit EDA growth.
Sassine Ghazi: Charles, thanks for the question. For design automation, it has both EDA software and hardware. So you can expect lumpiness quarter-over-quarter. If you look at trailing 12 months and what we have communicated in our Investor Day, which is a 12% growth for design automation. That was based on the next 5-year CAGR. And we do believe that, that will continue, and we have no signals at this stage to believe that, that will be any different. The Remember, we sell to grouping of customers. They are the system companies, and there are the semiconductor companies. The semiconductor R&D investment has been going up. which is very good for Synopsys because as I said earlier, from 6% to 9%, we benefit from that growth because they are investing more in hardware and IP and EDA, et cetera. And then you have the system companies, which is growing at a higher rate than the 9%, and that's why we believe the 12% is appropriate for us to commit to and deliver towards the 12%.
Charles Shi: And maybe a quick follow-up on China. Sassine I think last quarter, when you provided the first look at fiscal '25 on China, you adopted like the prior fiscal year, you want to be a little bit more cautious. But you actually did not provide a quantitative guidance on where you think China growth rate or percentage contribution to our total revenues can be in fiscal '25. But I look at the reported fiscal Q1 number, it's a pretty meaningful step down from last year's average China revenue run rate, let's say, $250 million per quarter, but just for Q1 was like $174 million. even if I think China is going to be flat year-on-year for you, that means a pretty meaningful catch-up for the next 3 quarters. So are you at a place where maybe you can start to call the direction of China, maybe even the absolute dollar base or percentage-wise where the China revenue can go this year in fiscal '25. Are you there yet to make a call?
Sassine Ghazi: So Charles, what I can say at this point, last year, we finished at corporate average the deceleration and the headwinds in China are getting stronger, that we don't believe it will be at corporate average. We will finish below corporate average in terms of China growth and that has been accounted for in our guide.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Vruwink with Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. I see in the 10-Q that backlog count position actually swung a bit more to current balances this quarter. where I think over recent history, you've had strong backlog developments, but it's been particularly notable in long-term RPO and those multiyear engagements. I guess I'm just wondering how you kind of think about the trade-off between annual contract value and total contract value, is true that there's maybe shifting in duration that you generally don't mind as it provides an opportunity to reengage with customers over that contract? Or are some of the changes we've seen in backlog composition? Is that at all reflecting how customers are preferring to engage with you?
Sassine Ghazi: There is definitely no change in terms of customer behavior. And as you know, Joe, the backlog you build and burn the backlog, the the EDA type of contracts, they are still on the same average duration. So we have not seen a big customer behavior change at all. on IP and hardware, as I mentioned in the tale of two markets remarks, that even though the contract may be committed by when the customer pulls it down varies based on the pace in which they are building these chips. So -- but there is no behavior change from customer or market point of view or anything differently we're driving in terms of extending durations with customers. .
Shelagh Glaser: Yes. And Joe, I would just add sort of a nuance. When we do our backlog, we also report our FSA that next 12 months of backlog is x the FSA. So if you look at it that way, there's not really as much variation. Anyway, just -- and again, that's customer preference when we go to sign a contract with them, what's in the base contract and then what's in the FSA. And as you know, the FSA is a committed noncancelable, but it's going to be pulled down when the customer needs it.
Joe Vruwink: Yes. Okay. That makes sense, Shelagh. I wanted to go back to your comments, sent the current generation of AI, you have available the optimization products. that's not necessarily changing design methodology. Would you say that impacts your view at all that you expressed year ago about how AI could lift industry growth rates for EDA by about 200 basis points? Or I guess, a different way to ask, have you actually seen that type of benefit and it's either because of your product demand or the markets you serve, but that 200 basis points of benefit is maybe being a bit masked by the more tepid results from the analog markets you've been discussing.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. Excellent question, Joe. When we talked a year ago, we talked about two things, if you remember, we talked about Synopsys.ai having two offerings from Synopsys, the AI optimization and the generative we were not talking at the time about a Gentech AI because we thought it was further down the road. And we kind of teased autonomous design at the time but it did not -- from a technology point of view, feel that it's coming as fast as it's coming right now. From a monetization point of view, the AI optimization, we are monetizing it. But is that monetization in aggregate will result on the 200 basis points, not by itself, no. But when you add generative and Igentec, are we still seeing an opportunity when we change the workflow for our customers and give them a different approach to design a chip cheaper, faster for us to monetize, given the business model for Agentic will be very different. The answer is yes. And that's why if you recall during our Investor Day, when we talked about AI optimization and generative, we did not put necessarily a time line for that 200 basis point for that specific reason. But adoption from customers excitement about the technology, penetration of the optimization across DSO, VSO, et cetera, is something actually where we're very positive about and exactly what -- where we thought we will be in the cycle.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: I just wanted to follow up on some of Charles' questions on China. So compared to 90 days ago when you initially set guidance, have your assumptions changed at all? I understand below corporate average, it makes sense. But if this is a change, the implication, if it's true, since you're holding the full year guidance the same, is that something maybe in your EDA or IP business might have improved since 90 days ago. So I wanted to clarify that and see if it's the case on those segments.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes, Jason, the assumptions in our planning and therefore, guiding the year has not changed. We've always believed that there will be headwind and ongoing deceleration in China. What we -- I want to say, in our communication have our clarifying and changing is Will it end similar to last year, the deceleration towards corporate average? Or do we believe it will go further below corporate average. And that's really the nuance in clarifying where do we believe China will be. But the assumptions we made in our guidance and our internal forecasting based on regions the portfolio, EDA software, IP hardware, none of that changed.
Jason Celino: Okay. And then the HAPS 200, the ZeBu 200 announcements, you upgrade your products more frequently than your two competitors. How should we view these versus the prior iterations. I'm just trying to wonder if we could see an air pocket in demand as customers wait for their orders in the second half?
Aart de Geus: That's the advantage we have with an FPGA versus a custom chip that you have a much faster refresh cycle and ability. So with the HAPS 200 and ZeBu 200, actually, no air pocket. And the reason for that is the same customers that they were buying from us the EP. Remember, we talked about the EP before. Now with the next generation, they have already are purchasing the prior generation EP plus the new capacity that we can provide with the 200. And as Shelagh mentioned, right now, the demand is absolutely there. It's our ability to deliver to that demand, which we're building the capacity and our ability to expand it.
Shelagh Glaser: Yes. And Jason, my comment was more about availability, not about air pocket in demand. So that is much more Q4 weighted.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: So Sassine, I'd like to ask your tale of two markets point from a different perspective, and that is strictly with respect to semi R&D. And that is we do seem to have seen over the last number of quarters, more concentration of those semiconductor companies that are continuing to show good or even very good growth as compared to what we might have seen previously where the growth was broader among the population of semi companies. Is this something that you've seen or might be concerned about that in an already concentrated market in the semis, the sources of really good growth are becoming fewer and fewer. Then I have my follow-up.
Sassine Ghazi: Jay, as you can imagine, we are very intimate with every customers, chips, road map, investments, et cetera, and we track it very, very closely -- the -- if you look at it in aggregate, the increased investment in order to support their road map, be it very advanced chips and two and three multi-die advanced package or even actually earlier this week, discussions with automotive and industrial customers looking for the next opportunity to deal with more integration on their chip and move to the next node, albeit it is [indiscernible] MC or M3, but going to FinFET, for example, in order to provide a cheaper, more competitive chip. That's a great opportunity for us because they are investing more in R&D and they're doing a refresh per se on the IP that they want to pull down, using more hardware using the latest EDA software, et cetera. So in aggregate, when we see the growth from 6% to 9% in the semiconductor R&D we are seeing how it's matching with our growth, not like they're growing from 6% to 9%, and we're staying flat. We are growing with their growth of R&D investment. In aggregate that's as a whole. Yes.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Right. Understood. So your point about changes in productivity and workflow and the like is historically, I think, really interesting. And over the last for decades that commercial EDA has existed. It has probably always been the case that there are differences in how customers employ EDA and get a return on investment has never been equally distributed productivity, let's say. And you look at a current example, we're the largest spender on EDA spend a higher percentage of R&D on commercial EDA probably more than double the next largest company and yet we can look at differences of return on the employment of the EDA. So the question is, as you infuse you and your peers infuse more AI capabilities across the design process, do you think that, that historical differentiation of capability changes and customers become perhaps more and more alike in their capabilities because of the availability of this whole new class of technology.
Sassine Ghazi: The leading customers, they -- I want to say, they worry about as they invest a bigger amount of their budget towards R&D. Will AI emocratize across and will make the net catch up faster to the #1 because of the AI and improving productivity. The answer is the following. If you look at the workflow, so far, AI has not changed the workflow. The steps that you go through from phase -- the first phase until tape-out of a chip has been the same from a workflow point of view, even though there has been tremendous amount of automation and innovation to deal with the increased complexity, where we believe the genic AI will have an opportunity is to change the workflow. And the moment -- and by the way, this is no different than other leading enterprise software companies, the way they are talking about Agentech. The moment it changes the workflow, then you have an opportunity to monetize. So far, EDA for the last x number of years or a couple of decades has provided amazing amount of technology and innovation, but the workflow has remained the same. So that's the nuance that we're highlighting in terms of opportunity with Agentec.
Operator: The next question comes from Nay Soe Naing with Berenberg.
Nay Soe Naing: Just got one, please, on your cost control in the quarter and then how you guidance next quarter as well. If I got my math right, I think you're guiding towards at the midpoint about 5% year-on-year total expense growth. I think the quarter came in around 2%. So really nice outperformance there. But for Q2, you were guiding for cost growth about 8.5% at the midpoint. So in light of how you performed in Q1, how should we think about the Q2 guide? And also, if you could maybe just on thoughts on the cost development in H2 as well, please?
Shelagh Glaser: Sure. So we were a little bit lighter on costs in Q1 than we had originally anticipated, and that really came down to just timing of hiring and timing of some big ticket expense items. We expect no change for the year. Structurally, Q2 always steps up because that's when our merit, our annual performance budget kicks in. And so that's the structural change that you see between Q1 and Q2, but no change for the full year, even though Q1, we were a little bit lighter just due to some timing element.
Operator: We have time for one more question. It will come from the line of Joshua Tilton of Wolfe Research.
Joshua Tilton: Guys. I really appreciate you sneaking me in here. Sassine, maybe this one is for you. It's more of a first, a clarification and then trying maybe a point of understanding. Like if I remember correctly, the top track around the guidance for this year coming out of Q4 was that you guys expected China to grow in line with the corporate average. And I feel -- correct me if I'm wrong, but I feel like now the message is that the expectation is that China is actually going to grow below the corporate average for the year. So my first part of my question is just to clarify if that's correct. And I guess my follow-up part to that question is, I guess what gives you guys the confidence to reiterate the guide given this now that you feel like China will be growing below the corporate average for the year.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. Joshua, you got it correctly. When we guided FY '25, given we just came out of FY '24, where China decelerated to corporate average, we did say that based on our guide of FY '25, it will be around the corporate average growth. Now given the headwinds that we are seeing and I want to say they're getting stronger, even after we announced or guided number of customers got added to the entity list, et cetera, we believe that China by itself will be decelerating below the corporate average. However, the guide in itself is not changing. We see a number of strengths in technology and other regions, customers that we feel very good about the guide that we provided for the year.
Joshua Tilton: Super helpful. Maybe is there any way you could just take that one step further and just maybe unpack one layer deeper into some of the strengths that you're seeing that is offsetting the China weakness? .
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. If for example, the one that we just talked about, the HAPS 200 and ZeBu 200 family. That's a great opportunity for us to monetize IP and the strong demand and requirement from system companies and AI, HPC grouping of semiconductor given our scale for that's another opportunity. Today with IP, I want to say it's really a challenge and an opportunity around scaling. It's not the lack of opportunities. We have plenty of opportunities and given our position and leadership position in the market, that's a great opportunity. These chips require very advanced EDA and to reemphasize what I said earlier about AI optimization, the latest Fusion design platform, the ICV, the IC Validator competitive displacement, ASO, I mean, those are all things that are giving us great confidence that both growing share and being able to monetize that share and therefore sticking to the guide that we provided.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-12-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Trey Campbell, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Trey Campbell: Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Sassine Ghazi, President and CEO of Synopsys and Shelagh Glaser, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on our website at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Sassine.
Sassine Ghazi: Good afternoon. We delivered a strong finish to the year, exceeding the midpoint of our Q4 guidance targets, which caps another record revenue year for Synopsys. A big thank you to our customers, partners and the entire Synopsys team. In FY ‘24, we grew revenue 15% year-over-year and crossed the $6 billion mark, only three years after crossing the $4 billion mark. This is a big achievement considering it took us 35 years to achieve $4 billion. We've also expanded the bottom line with EPS growing at a 24% CAGR over the last five years. FY ‘24 was also a transformational year for the company. We sharpened our focus on growth segments with the successful sale of our software integrity business and we doubled down on our silicon to systems strategy with the pending acquisition of Ansys. Let me take a few minutes to share some business highlights and then Shelagh will discuss the financials in more detail. Technology is at a strategic inflection point that presents unprecedented opportunity for Synopsys, from silicon to systems, we are operating in an era of pervasive intelligence, which fuels our momentum and is underpinned by multiple secular growth drivers. The megatrend of AI, silicon proliferation and software defined systems. Unlike the broader semiconductor market, which can be cyclical in nature, Synopsys success is tied to technology innovation cycles. The AI driven reinvention of compute is accelerating the pace, scale and systemic complexity of technology R&D, which in turn expands our opportunity. AI and HPC chip design starts continue at a relentless pace, while end demand in industries like industrial auto and consumer electronics are recovering more slowly. However, all industries are investing for their AI future and Synopsys will be a strategic partner in helping them realize their ambitions. Our planned acquisition of Ansys will further our growth into new adjacent areas. Together, we can deliver on the engineering need for the new AI powered design solutions that fuse electronics and physics, giving R&D teams unprecedented insights into products under development. The regulatory review process is proceeding as expected. I'm pleased to announce that this week, the HSR waiting period has expired and we are working cooperatively with the FTC staff to conclude the investigation and their review of our proposed remedies. This marks an important milestone towards close, which we continue to expect in the first-half of 2025. We're also making strong progress with other regulatory agencies and customers remain overwhelmingly supportive of this pro-competitive deal. Looking ahead to 2025, at a high level, we expect to deliver double-digit revenue growth and 40% operating margin. We will remain focused on execution excellence and operating discipline while balancing our guidance with pragmatism given we are readying our company for the largest acquisition in our history and continue to manage macro uncertainties in some geographies. Shelagh will discuss the guidance in more detail. Let's move to segment business highlights, starting with Design Automation. Q4, Design Automation revenue was up 17% year-over-year and full year revenue was up 12% versus 2023. Our unparalleled Design Automation portfolio provides holistic insight across the flow and includes our industry leading fusion compiler. Fusion compiler leadership was evident in Q4 as a leading US HPC customer leveraged fusion compiler to deliver their first TSMC N2 production tape out and a leading hyperscaler taped out a novel new SOC on TSMC N4. Since 2020, we've been the pioneers in adding AI optimization engines to our products. We now have Synopsys.ai solutions across the design flow that are delivering extraordinary customer results. Customers have now used DSO.ai to optimize over 700 cumulative tape outs and have deployed VSO.ai in up to 90% of SOC blocks on some chips. VSO.ai deployments are also accelerating with one customer seeing up to 4 times improvement in hardware utilization and another achieving 2 times faster turnaround time. We're also augmenting the capability of Synopsys.ai by bringing the power of generative AI to our platform. We've now expanded coverage of copilot knowledge assistance to 11 EDA products with our customers seeing 30% to 60% faster time to results versus traditional approaches on our flagship products with both hosted commercial LLMs and on-prem deployments with open-source LLMs. We and our customers are reskilling and redefining workflow using AI. But this is only the beginning. AI is evolving from a discrete capability to becoming an essential and ubiquitous part of everything we do. We are also on the cusp of a massive architectural revolution in semiconductors, Multi-Die. Acceleration in Multi-Die designs opens a new frontier in chip architecture, but also ushers the daunting complexities that require the integration of design and multi-physics to solve. Today, Multi-Die is the domain of a small group of customers, but third parties estimate that by 2027, 90% of HPC AI designs and 70% of PC designs will be Multi-Die. Multi-Die adoption is also increasing the use of advanced manufacturing nodes, a positive trend for Synopsys. We're partnering with ecosystem leaders like TSMC to improve predictability and yield for Multi-Die designs. In Q4, TSMC completed a Multi-Die test chip tape out demonstrating the industry's only end-to-end unified solution comprising of 3DIC Compiler, silicon lifecycle management, Synopsys test solutions, UCIe and Synopsys.ai. In this case, AI driven analysis using 3DSO.ai was deployed to address thermal and power integrity challenges for CoWoS interposer packaging. The real game changer for Multi-Die will be a design environment that fuses Design Automation and multi-physics simulation in a unified platform. That's a key part of the value proposition for Ansys and why our customers are so supportive of that transaction. Closing out on Design Automation, we had another record year in our hardware business with exceptional momentum on both HAPS and ZeBu product lines. During Q4, we had over 50 repeats HAPS customers and more than 10 new customers. Notable among those wins, a US hyperscaler deployed a large HAPS implementation for PCIe 6 software bring-up for AI workloads. ZeBu EP momentum also continued with customers seeing value in the reconfigurability of our system to enable all emulation and prototyping use cases. In the quarter, we saw seven repeat customers and eight new customers for ZeBu EP with a key IP customer deploying ZeBu because of the unique reconfigurability of that platform. On to Design IP, which was roughly flat in Q4 against a very strong prior year compare. For the full year, Design IP delivered 24% revenue growth with 5 points of adjusted operating margin accretion. Design activity continued to be robust for high-performance computing customers with seven PCIe 6 design wins, spanning hyperscalers and semiconductor accounts. Protecting data over high speed interfaces continues to be a critical need and in Q4, we saw another seven wins for security integrity and data encryption over PCIe 6 and CXL 3. We also continued to push technology differentiation in our Ethernet products. In Q4, we achieved the industry's first multi-vendor 800-gig Ethernet demonstration at ECOC 2024, proving the robustness and interoperability of our IP. With the rapid acceleration of Multi-Die designs, there is a significant demand for increased throughput. And this quarter, we announced the industry's only complete 40-gig UCIe solution that includes controller, PHY, and our verification IP. This IP offers 25% higher bandwidth than the UCIe spec with no impact on energy, efficiency or area. We secured two 40-gig UCIe design wins in the quarter and ended the year with more than 20 die-to-die design wins. We also saw strength in automotive in the fourth quarter as electrification, infotainment and ADAS features continue to drive strong demand for our comprehensive automotive IP portfolio with wins at multiple leading automotive SOC vendors. In an industry first, we achieved the third-party certification of 40 gigabit per second USB4 IP, an IP title, which is vital for automotive and mobile markets. Switching to manufacturing, where we take great pride in our role as the IP technology on ramp to the world's foundries. We were proud to receive TSMC's 2024 Partner of the Year award for interface IP. Acknowledging our collaborative success for Synopsys interface IP on TSMC's most advanced processes. Before closing out, I want to highlight the power of our technology portfolio with a key companywide design win. This quarter, we strengthened our decades long partnership with Arm, aligning our roadmaps to the needs of our mutual customers. As a key partner in Arm total design, we are integrating Arm compute subsystems with our industry-leading IP, AI-driven EDA solutions and industry-leading hardware accelerated verification solutions. Together, Arm and Synopsys delivered differentiated solutions delivering the next generation of chiplets, SoCs and systems across AI HPC, automotive, mobile PC and IoT. Few closing comments before we transition to Shelagh's remarks. We have strong momentum across the business supported by multiple secular growth drivers. We have a very resilient business model and are mission critical to our customers' innovation. We are aligning our portfolio investment with the greatest return potential and aligning our operations to accelerate our growth. Thank you to our employees and partners for a transformative 2024. We look forward to igniting our customers' ingenuity in 2025 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it over to Shelagh.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you Sassine. 2024 was an excellent year, highlighted by record revenue, record non-GAAP operating margin and record earnings. We continue our strong execution with financial discipline and are confident in our business heading into 2025, driven by our strong momentum across the business, leading technology that is mission critical to our customers and a resilient and stable business model with non-cancelable backlog of $8.1 billion. As we look into 2025, I want to highlight a few changes compared to 2024. In 2024, we had the benefit of an extra week or approximately $70.5 million in revenue. Also, as mentioned in the 8-K filed last week, we are changing our fiscal year from a 52-53 week period ending on the Saturday nearest to October 31st to end on October 31st of each year. While design activity remains robust, we are taking a balanced view in 2025 given the impact of fiscal periods, macro uncertainty and a pragmatic view of China. For 2025, we expect to grow revenue 10.1% to 11.1% or 11.5% to 12.5%, excluding the impact of the extra week and calendar year change. Expand non-GAAP operating margin by approximately 150 basis points and drive non-GAAP EPS growth of approximately 13%. Let me provide some highlights of our full-year 2024 results, which are presented on a continuing operations basis. We generated total revenue of $6.13 billion, up 15% year-over-year with double-digit growth across all products and geographies. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $4.77 billion and total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $3.77 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 38.5%. GAAP earnings per share were $9.25 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $13.20, up 25% year-over-year. Now on to our segments. Design Automation segment revenue was $4.22 billion, up 12%, driven by strength in EDA software and hardware. Design Automation adjusted operating margin was 38.7%. Design IP segment revenue was $1.91 billion, up 24%, driven by broad-based strength. Design IP adjusted operating margin was 38.3%. Turning to cash. Operating cash flow for the year was $1.4 billion and free cash-flow was $1.28 billion. We ended the year with cash and short-term investments of $4.05 billion and total debt of $15.6 million. Now to our targets, we expect the first-half, second-half split of roughly 45%, 55% for revenue, which is more second-half weighted versus 2024's 48-52 mix based on two drivers. The first driver is 10 fewer days in the first-half of 2025 versus 2024 due to the extra week and the fiscal calendar change, an impact of approximately $100 million. And the second driver is our current assessment of the timing of IP and hardware deliveries. Similarly, we expect first-half, second-half split of non-GAAP EPS to be 40%, 60% based on our current assumption for expenses. In 2025, the full year targets are revenue of $6.745 billion to $6.805 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $4.93 billion and $4.98 billion, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $4.05 billion and $4.09 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 40% at the midpoint. Non-GAAP tax rate of 16%, 1 point higher than the rate in 2024. GAAP earnings of $10.42 to $10.63 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $14.88 to $14.96 per share, cash flow from operations of approximately $1.8 billion and free cash-flow of approximately $1.6 billion. Our guidance for cash flow includes the impact of approximately $100 million for deal related costs and approximately $130 million of cash taxes from the sale of our Software Integrity business. Now to targets for the first quarter. Revenue between $1.435 billion and $1.465 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $1.14 billion and $1.16 billion, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $945 million and $955 million. GAAP earnings of $1.81 to $1.95 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $2.77 to $2.82 per share. Our press release and financial supplement include additional targets and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. Building on a record 2024, we are well positioned entering 2025, driven by our relentless execution and leadership position across our segments, mission critical products to enable our customers' innovation and a stable and resilient business model. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question today from Joe Vruwink, Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to start just the underlying growth of 11.5% to 12.5%. I think that's maybe a point below the starting ranges you've been using over recent history. Is it may be possible to reconcile just the change that went into your planning assumptions for FY ‘25. And then, I know you mentioned that the Ansys deal may potentially close. How much is maybe your updated budgeting approach related to specifically the transaction and just wanting to be prudent around any disruption that creates?
Sassine Ghazi: Hi, Joe, thank you for the question. Really, the way we looked at it is a balanced view for FY ‘25, taking into account few factors. The first one is the market we're in and serving. I like to think of it as we are in a tale of two markets. The one that our customers are serving the AI infrastructure build out. They're doing incredibly well and we're benefiting beautifully out of it. These are the companies that they're delivering memory chips, advanced logic, be it the CPU, accelerator, GPU, et cetera. And that's helping across the board the Synopsys portfolio, the EDA, hardware, IP, et cetera. But let's not forget there's another cohort which is the rest of the semiconductor market, the one that they're serving mobile, PC, automotive, industrial. They're still in many ways trying to have a refresh cycle for their products and leverage AI on devices. For us, for that cohort, given we're tied to their R&D, we're still doing fine, but it's not delivering to similar level of growth as the first cohort. So that's from a market point of view. The second factor we took into account is the macro uncertainties and in here if you double click on China in particular, the economy continue on decelerate, you layer on top of it the expansion of restrictions that we needed to take into account. Lastly, we're absolutely taking into account and so excited about closing Ansys in the first-half of '25 that we need to prepare our company for this massive acquisition, not only the largest for Synopsys, but the largest for engineering software industry. So you take all these factors into account, we decided to guide FY ‘25 with pragmatism and still guiding, as you mentioned, 11.5% to 12.5% growth on the tail of a 15% growth that we just delivered last year.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. That's great detail. Thank you. Second question just on the outlook for next year, based on the $8.1 billion in backlog, another really strong quarter of bookings. It would seem like very high visibility on what the next 12 months may bring. I guess, any changes in your views given all the current events that have been swirling around? You touched on some of them, but in terms of like various foundry investments, you mentioned briefly geopolitics. It doesn't seem to have come up just based on your 4Q bookings performance, but what might you anticipate in quarters ahead and how backlog may progress?
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. Thank you, Joe, for pointing out the backlog because that's another factor of the health of the business because it's a flat year-over-year when we entered FY ‘23 -- '24, sorry, it was roughly at $8.1billion. So that tells you that our ability to deliver 15% without, I want to call-it burning from the backlog is another sign of the health of the business we executed on in FY ‘24. Now to your comments regarding foundries, et cetera. I don't want to speculate regarding the various build-out that we're doing for the various foundries. As you know, prime -- the majority of our IP business comes from TSMC, customers designing on TSMC. But of course, given we are the on-ramp of every foundry, including Intel, Samsung, GF, Rapidus, et cetera, the uncertainty around some of them, how fast do they go and bring in customers in '25 and beyond, it's a speculation at this stage, but we continue on investing and building out our IP across the Board for these foundries.
Joe Vruwink: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Jason Celino, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Maybe just a clarification on the Q1 guide. So I understand the year-over-year dynamics with like the one less week and then maybe an extra one less or two less couple of days based on the fiscal year change. But still, it's coming in sequentially down from Q4. It sounds like you had a pretty strong hardware quarter for Q4, but maybe can you just explain kind of the seasonality that you're seeing for that first quarter?
Shelagh Glaser: Sure. So Jason, you got it right. The fiscal year change and the impact in Q1 is eight days. So that's about $80 million. So with our ratable business, obviously, we have eight fewer days to account in Q1 of '24. Then the other thing I would say is actually just looking back to Q1 of '24, it's a really tough compare because IP was actually up 53%. If you think about -- we always talk about that business as lumpy. And the lumpy, of course means you have quarters where customers pull down a lot of IP and then quarters where we're building IP, but we have lower pull down and Q1 is going to be a quarter where we're building IP, but we have lower pull down. So Q1 is going to be a low quarter for us and then we're building and we have a much stronger second-half for IP. So it's really those two effects happening in Q1.
Jason Celino: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then maybe just a quick follow-up for Shelagh. The divestiture of that optical solutions group, was there any divested revenue impact there. Just trying to think about the guide here and what could have been taken out? Thanks.
Shelagh Glaser: So that doesn't have any effect on this as we announced that is that will be part of our continuing business until we close the Ansys transaction. So that's still included in our forecast.
Jason Celino: Got you. Okay. Thank you.
Shelagh Glaser: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: And, next up is Harlan Sur from J.P. Morgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Two days ago, the Department of Commerce, BIS Bureau put out an update on U.S. semiconductor and value chain rules and restrictions. There were some updates on the rules on EDA software. Is there any impact of these new rules to your fiscal '25 outlook?
Sassine Ghazi: Hey, Harlan. The quick answer is yes. There are some customers got added to the entity list in that latest ruling and some technology restrictions as well.
Shelagh Glaser: But I would say, Harlan, that's all incorporated in our guidance. So all of those most recent restrictions are fully incorporated in the guidance.
Sassine Ghazi: Correct.
Harlan Sur: Yes, I appreciate that. And then for my follow-up, it's good to see the strong double-digit growth in your IP businesses and your Design Automation businesses in fiscal '24. Sassine as you mentioned design activity as measured by chip design starts, IP adoption appears to all be increasing quite a bit. We continue to see new entrants into the chip design sector, OpenAI being one of the more recent. So within your full year guide, like how would you qualitatively describe the growth profile of your Design Automation and IP businesses sort of relative to the full year growth outlook?
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. So, Harlan, the excitement that we have across our customer base that are serving that AI infrastructure is actually the roadmap they're delivering, the investments they're making is at a pace that continues to on accelerating and that's part of our confidence when we look at what helped us achieve over the last five years a 15% revenue growth CAGR. And as we look at FY ‘25 and where we're guiding that growth, a lot of it is coming from that increased investment and those customers are needing the most advanced IP to do those Multi-Die designs because almost every one of them is designing either at a 2.5 or with a roadmap to 3D. The increased need that they have for hardware assisted verification to deal with that complexity and anything we offer today with our Design Automation EDA software, be it with AI, with Fusion Compiler, et cetera, they are the customers that they are first to adopt in order to tame that complexity they're dealing with. So it's across the Board, Harlan, we're seeing the adoption with that cohort of customers.
Harlan Sur: Perfect. Thank you.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you.
Operator: Vivek Arya from Bank of America has the next question.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Sassine you mentioned you've seen very strong overall design starts, especially in AI. I'm curious what was the growth in design starts that you saw last year? And what is your assumption? I imagine this is one of the more important metrics that you look at in forecasting the business.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. So if I look at the -- not only the last year, if we look at the last three to five years and let's zoom in with hyperscalers and semiconductor serving hyperscalers. With the hyperscalers, initially there was a lot of question marks around how much can they continue on investing organically with building chips to differentiate and optimize their workload with their own silicon and I'm sure as you listen to almost every one of these hyperscalers, they're so proud that they are increasing their silicon investments. And as they're making these investments, we are in the middle of each one of these increased and broadening of these investments by hyperscalers. Now you look at companies, semiconductor companies that they're trying to serve that market, be it if you're doing ASIC custom silicon delivery or delivering directly AI accelerators to that group of customers, again, that growth in roadmap from our customers is increasing year-over-year from -- as I mentioned in the last three to five years and contributed greatly to our revenue growth that we have witnessed. I don't see it slowing down going into FY ‘25 with that cohort of customers.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And I appreciate that you don't want to be specific to a customer, but when we look at your largest customer, how big where they in fiscal '24 and they are going through some level of restructuring and turmoil. How are you trying to deal with that and how much are you assuming that becomes a headwind for Synopsys next year. I assume you have kind of contemplated that in your outlook, but how much of a headwind is that restructuring activity at your largest customer?
Sassine Ghazi: The profile in which our large customers, they buy from Synopsys is very similar, meaning they buy across the board, they have a multi-year committed EDA contracts and that as you know, is ratable. And it's over three plus years depending on the customer agreements that we have. Then with each one of those customers there are two other layer of contracts and commitments, one related to IP and the other one hardware. And I'm generalizing, but that applies to the top customers that we have. When it comes to IP and hardware, the pull down and the timing depends on their roadmap. So if they're pausing, shifting to the right, some of their projects, our -- their IP pull down, their hardware consumption from a revenue point of view, impact for Synopsys does shift to the right. So you will see lumpiness on a customer by customer basis. And when you look at our FY ‘25 guide and the 45%, 55% shape of the year is taking into account some of these dynamics across the board and the timing of that pull down.
Vivek Arya: Thank you, Sassine.
Sassine Ghazi: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Gary Mobley, Loop Capital.
Gary Mobley: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Based on the fiscal year '25 operating margin guide of 40%, it looks like you're bringing a lot more down to the operating income line than you did last year for each incremental revenue dollar despite the slowdown in projected revenue. And so, Shelagh my question is, is that largely a function of a slower pace design activity or annualizing some of the deals that were done last year in anticipation of the Ansys acquisition. Is that the proper read-through?
Shelagh Glaser: Well, I think it's a multiyear focus on driving leverage in the company. So you saw us improve by 2 points last year. We're giving 150 basis points improvement and it's really across the board thinking about how we do things more efficiently inside our four walls, just like we are servicing our customers to allow them to do their R&D development more efficiently. So we see it across R&D. We've invested heavily in making sure that we are getting benefits of things like AI. We're getting benefits on modernizing how we're building our software and then also things that we're driving in terms of digital transformation. So modernizing how we run the core of the business. So this is a multiyear journey that we've been on in terms of driving leverage across the business and so I think it's a strong commit that we have. And then as you mentioned, as we then bring Ansys in, that will be some of the work that we'll jointly then do as we work towards the synergy.
Gary Mobley: Got it. Okay. Just a quick clarification. Sassine, you mentioned fiscal year ending backlog for -- sorry, fiscal year '23 ending backlog of $8.1 billion. Is that adjusted for software integrity or was it lower excluding software integrity?
Shelagh Glaser: Yes, that's adjusted.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes.
Gary Mobley: Got it. Thank you.
Sassine Ghazi: You're welcome.
Shelagh Glaser: Thanks, Gary.
Operator: We'll go next to Jay Vleeschhouwer, Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Sassine, you mentioned that you were quote aligning operations to prepare for growth for '25 and beyond. Could you be more specific about some of the steps that you've taken and how much of that are things you would have done anyway irrespective of Ansys. You just grew your headcount for the year by 10%, you also have the largest number of R&D openings you've had in two years. So maybe just talk about some of your, those internal initiatives that you're putting in place to prepare for more growth and AI follow up?
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. Thank you, Jay, for the question. When the company crosses $6 billion, which we just did in FY ‘24, huge milestone. The way we drive our product development and driving solutions to our customers need to scale and evolve as well. We've been talking about scaling, scaling for a while as it comes to our IP business, as it comes to EDA and how to deliver solutions to our customers and that's part of the effort that we have put in place around structure of the company in order to scale and continuing our pace to deliver market leading solutions and innovation, et cetera. So we put some effort around structure. And the second part that we have been investing for about two years is how do we evolve our engineering workflow inside the company. There are some amazing technologies out there that we're seeing some early benefits of efficiency productivity for our R&D and we continue on putting that emphasis and focus on how do we leverage technology and modernize the way we build both IP as well as the EDA software.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thank you. As a follow-up on the third quarter call, you made some interesting comments about customer specific AI use cases that with EDA models and the like that you might see more and more specificity on a customer-by-customer basis for AI. On the other hand, you and cadence and the other EDA vendors have for the last number of years also talked about more and more domain specific design. So maybe you could talk about how those two play together, the long trend towards domain specificity and now apparently this newer phenomenon of customer specificity, how do those come together or might it have any effect in terms of your product packaging, your development, the services you need to provide to customers and so forth?
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. With AI, it's not only unique to Synopsys, I want to say for every software company that is delivering AI as part of their product is rapidly learning of how to engage customers in adopting that technology and the monetization of that technology. As the first step that Synopsys took was looking at our complete portfolio and asking ourselves, where can we insert AI inside the products and deliver new products to the customers where they can leverage AI to achieve better time to results, better quality of results, et cetera. And I believe we've done a great job there. This is where the XSO.ai family comes in and the adoption by customers, the acceptance by customers is going very well. The AI use cases you mentioned, once you start moving to knowledge assistant type of AI application, the customers, they have their own workflow, they have their own data. They are not expecting that you come in and say, use the following models for AI or something that pre-trained, they want to train based on their data and therefore, what is our flexibility in delivering a customer specific AI capability that sits inside their workflow. So that's not the XSO.ai. XSO.ai is going to come in with all the products. So that's the next level of a workflow optimization that our customers are investing in and of course, investing with and around our technology. The third one, which we're starting to talk about it in some of our conferences, et cetera, where, when you look at the generative Agentic AI, which is absolutely going to drive a completely different approach to what is it that we sell to our customers in that context and that's going to drive, in our view, an opportunity to what is it we deliver and the business model we deliver to in that disruptive wave of AI. But think back about two years ago, I don't think we were talking in that time window about Agentic AI and EDA or any software company for that matter. So that's the rapid evolution from optimization.ai or XSO.ai, the AI specific use cases with knowledge assistant based on customer use cases and workflow and the third one is the Agentic generative AI.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you, Sassine.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Jay.
Operator: We'll go next to Ruben Roy, Stifel.
Ruben Roy: Thank you for taking my questions. Sassine, I had a couple of longer-term questions. I wanted to talk a little bit about the tail of the two markets and the haves I guess versus the have-nots. One of the recurring themes that's been coming up more in recent times is the concept of acceleration of AI silicon designs. And was wondering, how you're thinking about that over the next couple of years? In the context of, one of the leading providers of IP for ASICs talked about leveraging cloud based EDA tools just this week and I'm wondering, I know you, you've been working on cloud based tools for quite some time now, but is that something that changes your business model in any direction or inflection in some sort of way? Just would love to hear your thoughts on that.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes, two things. One, when it comes to accelerated compute to deliver a more effective efficient EDA, that's something we've been talking about and delivering to not only talking about for a while. If you remember at GTC one of Jensen's slides was the various areas of Synopsys delivering accelerated EDA for, in that case GPU from Nvidia and it applies to many other accelerated compute that our customers may prefer or have their own flavor. There it's a two-step. You port your software, so you can use it for their preferred compute and then you go into the next phase which is optimization and that's where you can deliver factors of performance. We're not talking percentages, it can be 3 times, 5 times, 10 times performance benefit. Now some of our customers, they want that capability to be available on cloud, not everything available on-prem to be able to burst for that capability. That customer you're referring to does use our EDA for cloud. So the way we sell to that customer, they have a contractual flexibility to use our software on-prem and when they decide to burst on their preferred CSP, they have that flexibility to burst, which gives us a good burn rate on our software because if they are bursting, they use more software and we monetize it.
Ruben Roy: Very good. That's very helpful. Thank you, Sassine. And then a quick follow-up on some of the comments you made on IP. The design activity remaining robust and you're specific around some of the interfaces that you're working or interface technologies, I should say that you're working on and with. I read an interview recently where you talked about potentially looking at royalty models for your IP deliverables. Is that something that you think can play out sooner rather than later and would it be specific to some of these areas like DCI Express 6 or CXL and whatnot?
Sassine Ghazi: Yeah, we always look at inflection points in order to really change the way we monetize. On the traditional interface IP, I don't see a change where we show up at the customer and say, right now, we're going to change the business model and introduce royalty. It's been since its existence to use a base monetization and that will continue. We have other part of our IP that does have royalty and that will continue. But the next inflection point that can introduce a new business model is the moment you start thinking about delivery beyond the interface IP, meaning as you start going to a subsystem or a chiplet and beyond the standard delivery, our customers are very receptive to it, but I want to bring it back to scaling. For us today, we have a significant investment in our interface IP, as I just described and as we look toward the future trends, that's something we're absolutely looking at, investing in and testing with our customers the opportunities and the business model.
Ruben Roy: Got it. Thank you, Sassine.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Ruben.
Operator: And next up is Charles Shi, Needham & Company.
Charles Shi: Sassine and Shelagh. Thanks for letting me ask a couple of questions. Maybe the first one, I want to go back to the China question. Sassine, you said the export control does have an impact, but I wonder if the impact how do you characterize the amount of impact. Is it the material or is it -- maybe there is some impact, but it's not quite material for the FY ‘25 outlook. But maybe on a more related question. So I think you kind of said you want to take a more cautious stance on China, but in fiscal '24, it looks like China still grew in-line with the corporate despite at the beginning of fiscal '24, you said something very similar. I'm wondering what's the current expectation as well for next year. Is China going to grow below the corporate average? Or is it in-line, or dollar wise do you think it's still going to be higher year-to-year in fiscal '25? Thank you.
Sassine Ghazi: Yeah. Thank you, Charles. One, our revenue and growth in China has absolutely decelerated if you look at the last three, four, five years and the reason it has decelerated is due to the pool of customers we can serve and sell to continue on shrinking due to the restrictions, so that's a factor. So there is no way to ignore that the pool of customers and opportunities is shrinking due to restrictions. There's another factor, which is the overall economy in China continues on decelerating as well. So the days of dozens of start-ups popping up every quarter in China, that changed. That's not there anymore. So last year, we wrapped up China around the corporate average. I don't want to say where it will be in '25 because honestly, it's something that -- one, we don't provide ahead of ourselves. But two, we are taking into account those factors as we are guiding the year and that's why we're saying we continue on being pragmatic on our approach when it comes to China.
Charles Shi: Got it. Maybe a maybe a question on -- maybe this is for Shelagh. In terms of that 45 to 55 split, because I was under the impression maybe it was more like 47, 53, looks like the first-half is slightly incrementally a little bit weaker, but the second-half is a little bit stronger. Synopsys haven't had this much second-half loaded we've had the second-half loaded years, but this loaded, I don't think it has been like this, at least in recent years, but it tend to lead to a little bit more skepticism among investors because your peer in '24, they had the profile exactly like this. There was a lot of skepticism about whether they can deliver the second-half. So what do you say to those kind of investors? How do we put a little more trust into that second-half that hockey stick uptick? I think you guys are pretty dependable, but I do want to hear from you guys, what would you say to folks who may be a little bit skeptical? Thanks.
Shelagh Glaser : Hi, Charles. Thanks for the questions. So I'd say there's really two effects that are driving this. The one is that mechanical effect that we talked about, which really there's 10 less days in the first-half of 2025 versus the first-half of 2024 and so that's right off the bat for the routable business, $100 million headwind that we have with the 10 less days. And then as Sassine talked about, we're seeing for our upfront businesses more second-half weighted and it's really based on when the customer pull downs are. And you can think about our two upfront businesses, IP, we talk about IP being lumpy. I think now that we've got our segment reporting, you can really see what we mean by lumpy, which is we can have double-digit growth in a quarter and then the next quarter can actually be a decline and we can manage that very well. Where, if you will, I always think about IP, we're building titles every day, but the customers are going to ingest those titles when they're ready to put it into their design. And so we need to be ready. And in this case, as we think about 2025, a lot of the customer pull downs are more second-half weighted. And then similarly, hardware is an upfront business for us and that's more second-half weighted. We haven't talked much about this, but we've had a record hardware year again in '24. We anticipate another record hardware year in '25. But one of the things as we work with our customers is their ability to get space and power for hardware, it's the same problem you're finding -- that people are talking about with their data center. So we need to be able to plan with our customers so that not only is the hardware available for them, but they've got space and power to be able to power that and so that's leading to some second-half weighting. What we're doing for customers in the meantime is we are building out a ZeBu cloud so that they can actually tap into our ZeBu servers so that they can actually be able to run some of their designs. But of course, that only has limited capability. It won't give them the scale of design, it won't give them the very real-time feedback that they're going to look for an on-prem install. But I would say those are sort of the two effects, really that one very mechanical puzzle piece, which is just that $100 million and then the other one is really timing of hardware and IP, and I appreciate the question, Charles.
Sassine Ghazi: And Charles, I would like to add, I cannot help myself. One point to Shelagh's comments, you're saying that we are dependable and there might be some skepticism from some. We are a company that have proved that we commit and deliver to -- and we do what we say. If you look at the successes we've had in our IP and hardware, that have shifted the profile of upfront versus ratable. If you look at FY ‘23, 26% of our revenue was up front, FY ‘24, 29% was upfront. FY ‘25 that will continue on increasing. So we need to get used to the fact that they’re going to be some lumpiness quarter-over-quarter, but that's due to the successes we're having across the portfolio.
Charles Shi: Thanks so much for the additional colors, Shelagh, Sassine. I really appreciate it.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Charles.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you, Charles.
Sassine Ghazi: Operator, let's do one more question.
Operator: Understood. And that will come from Joshua Tilton, Wolfe Research.
Joshua Tilton: Hey guys, can you hear me.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes, Josh.
Joshua Tilton: Thank you for sneaking me in at the end really appreciate it. My first question, I'm going to preface with, I apologize for beating a dead horse, but it feels as if the message is that the guidance is a little bit more conservative than usual, especially around your assumptions for China. Can you maybe just take that one step further and just tell us how it's more conservative because for China, is it lower revenue contribution, lower growth? Just walk us through how you embedded some conservatism around the China business for next year?
Sassine Ghazi: We really -- Josh, we really are looking at it from a balanced way. There is the China deceleration that I mentioned earlier, this is real and we're seeing it in terms of the engagements we have locally. Then there is the other factor, which is difficult to predict is the constant expansion of restrictions on China. So there is the China factor and we do anticipate China to not be above the corporate growth, but in-line with the corporate average performance. But there are other factors besides China that I mentioned earlier that we are taking into account as we're looking at FY ‘25.
Joshua Tilton: Okay, very helpful. And maybe just a follow-up for Shelagh really quick. I thought it was interesting unless I misheard it. But at the end of your prepared remarks you talked about some of the confidence you have heading into next year is around the mission critical nature of the software. And I guess my question is how next year are you translating how mission critical your software is into better pricing for Synopsys and its customers?
Shelagh Glaser: Well, I mean, as Sassine talked about, we've got long-term contracts in EDA and when we go to renewals with customers, we always sit down with all the improvements that we've made and align with them on what the benefits are to them and so that's, I would call-it a regular kind of renewal conversation that we have with customers. We haven't talked too much about AI, but obviously a big part of that engagement is on the AI and the benefits we're having on AI. And then obviously with IP, that's an ongoing conversation as people pull titles and I would say hardware we've talked about too. The overall commitment that you see us driving is the improved operating margin. So that's where you really see that coming through and we've been driving operating margin improvement year after year after year and you see us doing again 150 basis points in 2025.
Joshua Tilton: Super helpful. Thank you guys. I appreciate it.
Shelagh Glaser: Thanks, Josh.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Josh.
Joshua Tilton: Thank you.
Trey Campbell: Thanks, everyone. Operator, you can close the call.
Operator: Thank you. So, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We would like to thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-08-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2024. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Trey Campbell, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Trey Campbell: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Sassine Ghazi, President and CEO of Synopsys; and Shelagh Glaser, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets, and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliation to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement, and 8-K that were released earlier today. All of these items plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on our website at the conclusion of the call. With that, let's turn the call over to Sassine.
Sassine Ghazi: Good afternoon. We delivered excellent results in the third quarter, exceeding the midpoint of all our guidance targets while setting another quarterly revenue record. We position the company's portfolio with one strategic end in mind, maximizing the value that we deliver to customers in the era of pervasive intelligence. Our focus is on leading innovation in EDA and IP while deepening our differentiation in software-defined systems. Against this strategic backdrop, the Synopsys team continued its strong operational execution in the quarter and commercial momentum remains robust. Revenue was up 13% year-over-year, at the high end of our guided range. Non-GAAP operating margin was 40%, up 3.6 points year-over-year. And non-GAAP EPS was up 27% year-over-year and above our guidance range. We continue to be confident in our guidance for industry-leading double-digit revenue growth. Shelagh will discuss the financials in more detail. First, I'll give some context for our confidence, which is grounded in the continued strong execution of our Synopsys team and industry trends reinforced by our customers and partners. Since becoming Synopsys CEO in January, I've traveled to eight countries, participating in more than 140 meetings with over 80 customers and partners, discussing their challenges and understanding their priorities. The message in every meeting is loud and clear. Synopsys is mission critical to their innovation, which makes our business uniquely resilient. Our success is tied to technology innovation cycles, not end market dynamics. In this era of pervasive intelligence, technology innovation is only accelerating, fueled by the rise of artificial intelligence, silicon proliferation, and software defined systems. The evidence is all around us. Our silicon customers are racing to design the many components necessary to optimize AI infrastructure. Remarkably, design cycles are contracting despite mounting complexity and we help make this possible. This combination of pace and complexity equals good news for Synopsys. Artificial intelligence is driving incredible demand for high performance computing in data centers and new AI powered smartphones and PCs, which are poised for an exciting refresh thanks to silicon innovation. Bottom line, AI needs more and more complex silicon. That is good for Synopsys. Finally, silicon proliferation and AI chip innovation is driving the build-out of manufacturing capacity and accelerating the transition to new advanced nodes. Foundries count on our EDA and IP to enable each new process node. Again, good for Synopsys. These trends reinforce the resiliency of Synopsys business. Additionally, our customer set is expanding as more companies in more industries define and optimize system performance at the silicon level. As a leading silicon to systems design solutions company, Synopsys opportunity has never been greater. And our planned acquisition of Ansys will expand our TAM and further our mission of empowering technology innovators everywhere. The future of technology R&D requires system design solutions with a deeper integration of electronics and physics. That's what we can provide with Ansys, and we're making good progress on closing this important transaction. The regulatory review is proceeding well. We are working cooperatively and constructively with the various regulatory agencies. We have completed all preliminary filings worldwide. Customers continue to express their overwhelming support, and we continue to expect the transaction to close in the first half of 2025. Let's move to segment business highlights, starting with Design Automation. Q3 Design Automation revenue was up 6% year-over-year versus a very strong prior Q3, as Synopsys Design Automation solutions are helping customers accelerate their innovation despite growing complexity. Growing systemic complexity has turbocharged the criticality of verification in chip design. And we offer the most complete portfolio of solutions in the industry. Our next-generation Verdi platform for advanced debug capabilities was adopted by a large US-based GPU company and a large US mobile SoC company, reducing failure debug from days to minutes. While our flagship verification tool, VCS, displays competition at a large US HPC customer, a large Chinese mobile customer, and a large Chinese hyperscaler. Our AI verification product, VSO.ai, is also ramping aggressively, demonstrating up to 10x faster turnaround time, double digit increases in verification coverage, significant reductions in verification compute requirements, and better verification quality. A marquee US GPU company deployed VSO.ai across multiple IPs with turnaround time improvements of 2x to 7x and coverage improvements up to 33%. Our hardware assisted verification business had an excellent quarter as customers upgraded from HAPS-100 to our ZeBu EP product line to leverage one hardware platform for both emulation and prototyping. In Q3, we saw a significant ZeBu hardware expansion at a large US hyperscaler in a direct win versus competition. We also increased ZeBu adoption at a large European IP provider and two large US HPC companies. Increasing demands for high-performance emulation with the opportunity for large capacity expansion were drivers in these wins. We also worked with several large US systems and hyperscaler customers on successful software bring-up workloads with our HAPS product line. Physical verification was also a point of strength in the quarter. We continued to win new designs on ICV with 20 tapeouts in Q3. Four of these tapeouts were on TSMC N3 and one on IFS 18A, where engagements are increasing rapidly. Turning to analog design, our competitive displacements continued in Q3. We now have more than 30 displacements for the year. This quarter, we completed analog full flow wins at the leading European Tier 1 supplier, a North American IP provider, and an Asian SOC vendor. And we displaced competition in analog simulation at two US AI accelerator companies and a global analog chip company. Like in verification, our analog customers are looking to Synopsys as a scale multiplier to modernize their flows and unleash the power of AI to move to more advanced process nodes. Our Synopsys.ai engine for analog, ASO.ai, now has more than 15 customers in evaluation. Transitioning to digital, where we continue to expand our leadership in digital EDA across advanced node design flows, Fusion Compiler delivered the world's first mobile SOC tapeout on Samsung's 2-nanometer GAA process this quarter along with a number of customer-first tapeouts at TSMC N2, N3E, and N5. Augmenting fusion compiler with our AI engine, DSO.ai, creates a powerhouse capability for customers. We are now seeing customer adoption spread to the automotive vertical where a leading Asian automotive silicon company demonstrated 30% power reduction in a design with DSO.ai. On to Design IP, which delivered 32% revenue growth as the IP supplier of choice for leading HPC, AI, automotive, and mobile chips at advanced nodes. Driven by AI bandwidth requirements, hyperscalers are pushing consortiums to pull in specification timelines for interface protocols, creating faster innovation cycles and increased opportunity for us and our customers. And we are matching the space with our operational execution. In Q3, we announced the world's first PCIe 7.0 IP solution to enable fast and secure data transfers. We are also seeing increasing momentum in AI edge devices for mobile optimized platforms. We secured two major smartphone customers on leading nodes to enable power efficient mobile devices with GenAI capabilities. While our ARC neural processing unit and DSP processors were adopted into five edge applications, including two new customers. Turning to multi-die, where we have an outstanding lineup of products in the IP and the EDA space for our customers. We continued to broaden our multi-die portfolio, launching 3DIO foundation IP, which is a specialized IO for 3D multi-die integration. In EDA, 3DIC compiler momentum continued with the tape out of multi-die design for an automotive application based on a CoWoS-R interposer and deployment at a major US hyperscaler. We also announced Intel Foundry EMIB, a reference flow for multi-die enabled by 3DIC compiler to accelerate multi-die designs at all stages from silicon to systems. As the on-ramp for the world's foundry, we achieved silicon success on Samsung's SF2 and SF4X processes for a range of interface IP. We also demonstrated the industry's first HBM3 operating at 9.6 gigabits per second in TSMC's advanced 3-nanometer processes and partnered with GlobalFoundries to develop new memory compilers for the 22FDX process technology targeting Edge AI acceleration in automotive and industrial microcontrollers. A couple of closing comments before we transition to Shelagh's remarks. We are working through final closing conditions for the sale of our software integrity business and continue to expect that we'll complete that transaction in the second half of 2024. And before closing, I want to recognize a monumental award to someone I deeply admire and I'm proud to call both a mentor and a friend, Synopsys Founder and Exec Chair, Aart de Geus. Aart was selected to receive the semiconductor industry's highest honor, the 2024 Robert Noyce Award. We look forward to celebrating his leadership and outstanding contributions to our industry at the awards ceremony in November. In summary, we have strong continuing momentum across the business, supported by multiple secular growth drivers. We have a very resilient business model and are mission critical to our customers' innovation. We are aligning our portfolio investment with the greatest return potential to accelerate our growth. Thank you to our employees for their passion and to our partners and customers for trusting us to ignite their future ingenuity. With that, I'll turn it over to Shelagh.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you, Sassine. We had an excellent Q3 with record revenue and non-GAAP EPS was above our guidance range. We continue to execute well, which is a testament to our strong momentum across the business, leading technology that is mission-critical to our customers, and a resilient and stable business model. I'll now review our third quarter results which are presented on a continuing basis operation. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.53 billion, up 13%, and at the high end of our guided range. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $1.17 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $915 million, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 40%. GAAP earnings per share were $2.73. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.43 and above our guided range. Now onto our segment. Design Automation segment revenue was $1.06 billion, up 6% compared to a very strong Q3 a year ago. Design Automation adjusted operating margin was 41.5%. Design IP segment revenue was $463 million, up 32%, driven by strength in interface and foundation IP. Design IP adjusted operating margin was 36.7%. Operating cash flow, including discontinued operations, was $455 million for the quarter, and free cash flow, including discontinued operations, was $415 million. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of approximately $2 billion. Now to guidance. Except for cash flow metrics, all targets are presented on a continuing operations basis. The full year targets for 2024 are revenue of $6.105 billion to $6.135 billion, total GAAP cost and expenses between $4.58 billion and $4.60 billion, total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $3.76 billion and $3.77 billion, resulting in more than 2 points of non-GAAP operating margin improvement at the midpoint. Non-GAAP tax rate of 15%, GAAP earnings of $9.71 to $9.85 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $13.07 to $13.12 per share, cash flow from operations of approximately $1.3 billion, free cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion. Now to targets for the fourth quarter. Revenue between $1.614 billion and $1.644 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $1.21 billion and $1.23 billion, total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $1.03 billion and $1.04 billion, GAAP earnings of $2.25 to $2.39 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $3.27 to $3.32 per share. Our press release and financial supplement include additional targets and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation. Consistent with prior years, we will provide additional comments and guidance for 2025 when we report next quarter. In conclusion, for 2024, we expect to achieve revenue growth of approximately 15%, non-GAAP operating margin improvement of more than 2 points, and approximately 24% non-GAAP EPS growth. We continue to see strong momentum in the business, reflecting our relentless execution and leadership position across our segment, mission-critical products to enable our customers' innovation, and a stable and resilient business model. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question and great execution in the quarter. Sassine, as you mentioned, leading edge chip design activity continues to accelerate at the 3-nanometer, 2-nanometer nodes, especially around AI and accelerated compute by both merchant, but also a significant amount of custom ASIC chips that are ramping that are coming to the market. But despite all of this, I mean, we are coming off of a pretty severe semiconductor downturn. And, one of your large leading edge customers has recently announced a significant amount of layoffs across the organization. They did also talk about driving better efficiencies around IP and EDA solutions. I interpreted this as they're going to do less of their own internal IP development, less of their own internal EDA software tool development, and potentially buy more merchant IP and more core EDA tools from Synopsys and maybe some of your other competitors. But I wanted to get your interpretation of this announcement and the near to midterm impact if any on your bookings, revenues, or market share momentum at this customer.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Harlan, for the question. I want to first comment on the first part of the statement you made, which is you're right. It's such an exciting time to be in our industry where our silicon customers are racing forward to deliver to the opportunities in the AI build-out, be it in the data center or on edge or on device, with the flavor of custom silicon, as well as system companies increasing their investment to differentiate along that stack from workload down to silicon. As far as our customer, Intel, that you're referring to, it's nothing new to Intel, by the way, that they started looking at external EDA and IP. That journey started in 2007. As you recall, most of their EDA were internally developed and IP. And it's been a journey over the last number of years to transition externally. Now, with this company transformation they're going through, this is an opportunity to look deeper at what's core, what's context, and looking seriously at efficiency and where to target their resources, where they can differentiate or they can pick up from the ecosystem. So we do believe that there will be an opportunity for further ecosystem leverage for both EDA and IP. As far as short to midterm impact, we don't see much impact actually. As you know, our agreements are committed for long term and we continue on delivering high value and impact to that customer. So we don't see much in terms of a negative impact in the short or midterm.
Harlan Sur: Great, thank you for that. And just over the past 90 days, we've heard of many challenges your semiconductor customers are facing as they sort of push the boundaries on leading edge chip designs, right? And these challenges don't revolve around the actual performance of the chip itself. The issue is that once you drop these chips into advanced packaging solutions, for example, the power dissipation of these chips is generating a significant amount of heat, causing thermal, mechanical, stress interactions with the packaging, causing a whole bunch of yield and reliability problems. And then on the flip side, we see more and more of your customers moving into the systems market, like AMD and their recent announcement to acquire ZT Systems, right, where AMD all of a sudden is going to be doing full-blown board, server, rack-scale server design. It still seems like this is exactly where having Ansys systems analysis solutions as a part of the portfolio becomes a big advantage for the team. But given all of these dynamics, I mean, is the support from customers around the Ansys acquisition continuing to build positive momentum? And then maybe in the interim, what is Synopsys doing to help customers with some of these chip package and systems level challenges?
Sassine Ghazi: I will start with a yes. Yes on the continued support from customers and actually not only silicon customers, silicon and system customers in support of the transaction for the exact same reason you highlighted. If you look at an advanced silicon in an advanced package which has many dyes and those are very advanced chiplets as you know, each chiplet by itself is a very complex die to design. You put them all together, the challenge is no longer electronics. It's electronics plus all the other attributes you mentioned from structural, fluid dynamics to thermal. How do you design them during the architecture phase that you know once you go into packaging -- manufacturing and packaging, it's going to work in the field. Now you look at that as the chip system. That chip system to your AMD reference is going to sit on a board, is going to sit in some sort of a rack and cluster of racks. How are you designing based on that workload and that complexity at the system level to determine how to manage and design for the heat, to manage and design for what type of cooling you want to put, what type of power supplies do you need, et cetera, et cetera. And we've been positioning our company, as you know, as a silicon-to-system design solution company. And I love the reference right now as I hear our customers talking about silicon to software to systems, which is exactly the solution and the partnership we're working with our customers on.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Harlan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Sassine, at the Analyst Day, you had suggested that core EDA, over time, the growth could go from 12% to 14% from AI monetization. I'm curious, where is Synopsys in that journey? What have been the early signs to drive this kind of acceleration in the business?
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. So, Vivek, if you look back not too long ago, a best case outcome for traditional EDA was in the upper single-digit. The reason we've been able to grow in the double digits and what we talked about 12% to 14% is due to complexity of these systems, introduction of new technology to deal with that complexity, and we referenced AI. AI from a journey point of view, we introduced first DSO.ai, which is the optimization engine on the digital portion of the design. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have VSO.ai, which is in adoption and used by a number of customers at this stage and ramping, ASO.ai for analog. And the part I did not mention in this script itself, we talked about Generative AI. We're using LLM for knowledge assistance and generation of a portion of the chip itself. So where are we in the monetization and maturity? With DSO.ai, we've been selling it for about four years now. We're capturing on average about 20% uplift from the baseline of that portion of the contract. For VSO, and it's still in early stage, we're in an early monetization stage, but we don't have enough data point to share with you yet, where is it. Will it be at the similar 20% higher, lower? We're not there yet. ASO, we're in an eval phase, what it means is in customer validation. And so it's similar to the Generative AI. We have a number of customers across five products we have currently that offer knowledge assistance at that stage. So the 12% to the 14%, that's why we did not specify a timeframe, but what is absolutely clear is that value we're delivering will be able to, and the impact will be able to justify a monetization to support that 2% growth we communicated.
Vivek Arya: Thanks, Sassine. And for my follow-up, kind of more near term, so EDA growth so far this fiscal year has been up about 9% or so. I understand last year was a tough year for the semiconductor industry, so you're probably feeling the effects of that. But, what do you see going into next year conceptually? Do you think the seeds are being laid to help drive kind of a return back to your trend line growth in EDA or is it too early to make that kind of conclusion?
Sassine Ghazi: So for Design Automation, it's double-digit growth and please measure it based on a trailing 12 months, not quarter-over-quarter, because sometimes you have, like in this particular quarter we had an outstanding Q3 ‘23. That does not mean that there is anything alarming, but the comparison quarter over quarter may be misleading. As you look at the trailing 12 months, we still feel strongly, it's a double-digit growth. And within Design Automation, the mix is changing. You have the traditional, ratable software. You have the hardware, which is more upfront. And then you have increasing portion becoming an FSA for the software, where customer wants that flexibility. For example, that's how they get access to cloud is through that flexible spending account. That's why quarter-over-quarter comparison, I'll caution you around it, look more at the trailing 12 months.
Shelagh Glaser: Yeah, and I would just add that our TTM is 10%, and just as you see in references, Q3 of last year was 23%, so 6% on top of 23% is obviously tremendous growth, and Q3 of last year did include some expiring contracts, so obviously that's not reoccurring.
Sassine Ghazi: Thanks, Vivek.
Shelagh Glaser: Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Your line is open.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Thanks, everyone. IP with a very strong revenue growth in the quarter, but upfront product, even stronger growth in the quarter. I'm wondering if the latest generation of hardware assisted verification is showing up and that's the incremental contributor here and relatedly I wanted to ask how order flow for the new hardware products compares maybe if you compare it to the launch of EP1 a couple years ago.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes, so on the hardware itself, we actually are selling our existing product. We introduced the EP system, which you need to think of it as between prototyping and emulation, which is a suite use case. But we have a very competitive system in a number of use cases. The use case that is the suite for Synopsys is software bring-up. Because of the performance our system is able to deliver, we're seeing actually a very nice adoption and pull in, not pull in, like requirements from the customer to adopt those systems for software bring-up. The other use case that we identified a while back as an area we need to make sure we have a competitive solution is simulation acceleration. That's the use case that typically or historically Synopsys did not compete as strongly in that use case. We had couple wins in the quarter where customers are looking for a same hardware, same compile that they can use it as a continuum from their prototyping to their emulation. That's why Joe you see the -- a strong hardware momentum and we don't see it slowing down given the complexity.
Shelagh Glaser: And the other upfront component I would add is IP, and we had an exceptionally strong IP quarter. And to the extent that that IP is already available and a customer is ready to consume it, then that can happen pretty quickly.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, that's all very helpful. And then the comment was made that commercial momentum remains robust. I'm wondering if that's just evident in backlog developments, if you can give an update there and then any, I know you don't like to give forward guidance on backlog, but how the pipeline looks into year-end and maybe the initial part of next fiscal year? Thank you.
Shelagh Glaser: Sure. Thanks, Joe. So backlog for the quarter was $7.9 billion. And to give you a reference on continuing operations last Q3, so Q3 of 23, ex-SIG, that was $6.5 billion. So it's up very nicely year-on-year as we're continuing to race ahead to support the customers and all the complexity that they're dealing with. And that number does ebb and flow as we build and burn. It was relatively flat though quarter-on-quarter. Thanks, Joe.
Joe Vruwink: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe my first one, just on the guidance for the year, it looks like you're narrowing the revenue range. As much as I'd like you to raise every quarter, I think we've already seen you raise two to three times this year, so I think we'll give you the pass. But curious if there were any areas that could have outperformed more or any areas down-ticked that offset some of the strength you did see. Curious there. Thanks.
Shelagh Glaser: Well, Jason, as you said, we've raised several times this year. So the confidence of the Q3 results really allowed us to narrow our guidance to give 15% as the midpoint and I would say we're seeing that strength that Sassine is talking about in the industry, we're seeing that across our product line. So good engagement with customers, really, across the board as they accelerate their roadmaps to meet the robust AI demand. We did raise non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP EPS because again, as Sassine talked about, we're being very, very deliberate in our investment and our expenses and making sure that we're onboarding some of the things we're talking about doing with customers with AI inefficiency. And so you saw us improve on both those metrics. Thanks, Jason.
Jason Celino: Excellent. And then one quick one on China. It looks like it was down 8% in the quarter but still up 8% for the year. Maybe just compared to the last quarter, I guess, how are you feeling about the demand environment in that region?
Sassine Ghazi: Yeah, that's why Jason, at the beginning of the year, we talked about taking a pragmatic approach on China for two factors. One is the continued impact of the entity list, technology restrictions, and then the second is the macro environment in China. Now, all of that being said, we're still executing well in China. We're growing in China, and it's excellent to see when you look at the rest of the regions, we are performing incredibly well. So we continue to take a balanced approach on China given those two factors.
Jason Celino: Perfect. Thanks, Sassine.
Sassine Ghazi: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lee Simpson with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Lee Simpson: Great. Thanks for fitting me in, and great quarter, guys. Just wanted to ask an R&D question, if I could. So if you look at the numbers, it looks as though R&D was maybe slightly ahead of some people's expectations out there. And I think to be fair, there's been quite a build around new product updates, particularly hardware, but obviously around IP interfaces, maybe foundational IP as well. So I wondered if there was scope as we go through the end of this year and into next for you to maybe flatten some of that R&D and just to help with that outperformance on the earnings line or maybe the pace of product innovation is unlikely to let you do that. I just wanted to understand the balance between those two positions.
Shelagh Glaser: Yeah, so certainly the pace of the industry and as Sassine talked about, even the pace of new standards in IP is accelerating. So we have to -- we almost have to be a step ahead of our customers. So continuing to invest in that is incredibly important. And then continuing to invest and building out both our hardware roadmap that you talked about and then continuing to evolve our EDA capabilities is really top of our priority when we think about our investment. So, I don't see R&D investment as an area of savings for us really anytime soon. Obviously, a lot of the benefits and efficiencies that we're driving there, we think about reinvesting those in building further product innovation.
Lee Simpson: Great, very clear. Maybe just as a follow-up, I wanted to ask an end-market question, maybe on automotive. I think in the past you've noted the growing focus on automotive, and Sassine, some of your comments seem to call that out. We are seeing a pivot to software-defined vehicles. We are seeing custom silicon coming into view. So just trying to understand what proportion of growth would you say is sensible for us to assume over the next couple of years coming out of automotive, given all the work, including some big microprocessors going into the car? Thanks.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Lee, for the question. Automotive has been a very exciting segment, I want to say, over the last three to four years and a couple things were driving it, is the whole push towards delivering a smarter car, meaning more sophisticated silicon and the same exact challenge at the system level that we talk about often in the hyperscaler context applies to automotive. A number of the automotive OEMs started, some are already doing it, other are starting to consider building their own silicon. But what is absolutely happening, even if they're not building their own silicon, they're investing in the electronics system, meaning as they're architecting the system of the car, the electronic system of the car, and they're working with their Tier 1, Tier 2 suppliers, how do they communicate the spec of these chips that fits within the software and the overall system requirements. For Synopsys, that's an opportunity where we sell what we call our virtualization solution, where we work with both the semiconductor companies to virtualize their chip, then we work with the automotive OEMs to define that architecture for the electronics based on these virtualization and virtual models. You can think of it as digital twin for electronics. And that's contributing for an acceleration in the sales of some of our solutions and products that were not generated necessarily for the automotive market, but right now that's a new market that are adopting these solutions. We do anticipate that that market will continue on growing given those systems, those cars are going to be more intelligent, more connected, which is a great opportunity. I cannot go further than that, Lee, in terms of what percentage of the overall growth, et cetera, et cetera, because that's not how we report per se by market segments.
Lee Simpson: Understood. Thanks for the color, sir.
Sassine Ghazi: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy of Stifel. Your line is open.
Ruben Roy: Thank you. Sassine, hi. I wanted to go back to something you mentioned in your prepared remarks regarding design cycles contracting. And you mentioned that that's in the face of increasing chip complexity. And I think some of that, at least to me, seems like it's a relatively new development. And wondering how we should think about that as a maybe longer term impact to your business. I'm thinking about this, obviously there's AI and your tools helping with those design cycle accelerations, but are there other sort of areas that your customers are asking you for as they try to accelerate their designs? And really, I guess the longer term question here is, it's happening at the leading edge. It's happening with the most complex designs. But do you think that that is a trend that could sort of move across the systems and IC industry as you continue to develop on your end?
Sassine Ghazi: Yeah, excellent question, Ruben. If you look back at the last, I don’t know, two, three decades, the entire industry had a rhythm of the next product and it was Moore's Law. And not every company just moved with the latest Moore's Law offering. You move to it when you need from a performance power, cost, et cetera, to move to it. Right now, when you look at number of customers that they're talking about a reduced design cycle from what it used to be three years, 18 months, down to possibly one year, it’s -- we cannot look at it as the traditional way of designing a chip. Those will be definitely multi-die systems with optionality in that advanced package to target a new product in their roadmap to serve a certain customer set. How fast do I see the rest of the market moving in that direction? Not too many customers can afford and have the skill and the market for them to move in that direction because it's very complex. So, it's both the cycle time of the design is shrinking with a significantly increasing complexity. For us as an industry, that's great news because from EDA for design automation at the chiplet level and the advanced package level, you need to use the latest technology with the AI capabilities, et cetera. For IP, it's requiring, as I mentioned as well in my prepared remarks, for these protocols to shrink from designing them over two, three-year set of requirements to a much shorter cycle and even customer adopting it before the spec is even finalized. Then on the hardware verification side, you need, of course, the ability to verify, validate all of this. Now, as you look at this whole dynamic, while it's very exciting, we need to wait and see how many customers will have the ability from resources, skills, investment to pace with that acceleration.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Shi with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Charles Shi: Hi, good afternoon. I have a question about China. I think at the beginning of the year, I think for two reasons, right? Restrictions and the macro, you were sort of expecting maybe China doesn't grow as fast as the corporate which kind of implies maybe the percentage of China revenue probably going to be lower. But you also said the dollar wise is probably going to be still going to be [hire young] (ph) year for the full year. But the first three quarters of the fiscal year looks like you may be ahead of that plan, meaning that the contribution wise, it may actually get ahead of last year's 16% contribution from China, and that we should also imply actually China may grow faster than the corporate. There's a chance you actually can grow that faster than the corporate. Wonder what has changed. And I -- specifically the Q3 number from China is particularly strong and related to that, did you see any of the pull forward revenue from your Chinese customers for whatever reason maybe for this year of them getting banned by any of the new export controls? Mind if you provide some color there?
Sassine Ghazi: So I'll start with the last part of the question. No, we're not seeing anything unusual in terms of pull-ins or a different approach to engaging Synopsys. As far as what we communicated at the beginning of the year, it still holds true. The reason you may see quarter-over-quarter growth in a specific region is, again, based on the mix of the products that we have. It may be a very strong hardware or IP quarter or more FSA pull down. That's why you see it. But nothing changed from what we communicated at the onset of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of…
Trey Campbell: Operator, I think you may have had a follow up, Charles.
Operator: Sorry?
Charles Shi: Yes, I do have a follow up, yes. The other question, maybe for Shelagh, I think the non-GAAP expense looks like you are doing better, you're actually also ahead based on the numbers I can see that the July quarter you did the $10 million better compared with what you planned as the total non-GAAP expense and for the full year $25 million less than what you expected. But wonder what's the change compared with three months ago? Is there anything like the timing of the hiring, et cetera? Because I did remember some of the OpEx growth into the year and it was for you to invest in some new opportunities like in IP, like [UCIe] (ph), EDA, et cetera. So what's driving the slightly lower OpEx expectation here? Thanks.
Shelagh Glaser: Yeah, so we're continuing to invest. We talked about continuing to invest and building out roadmap that we talked about in Investor Day, continuing to invest, building out IP titles. And it's really all about making sure that we're being intentional about where our overall investment is. And so while we're investing in things, we're also driving efficiencies in the business as we implement AI for ourselves and we implement digital transformation. So I would just say we're being really prudent about our expense structure, but we are investing in the new product innovations. And then we also had some good news on interest and other. So both of those things being really disciplined on our investments and then some good news on interest and other is what's contributing to that upside.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you for the question, Charles.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Tilton with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Tilton: Hey guys, thanks for sneaking me in here. I actually kind of want to follow up on few questions already -- asked already. The first one is a question about Intel's comments, but I kind of just want to ask you very straightforward and very clear. And the question is, are there any changes in your forward growth expectations because of Intel's comments about laying people off, using IP more efficiently, using EDA vendors more efficiently? And if not, what gives you the confidence that there is no change going forward?
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. So when we engage customers, we're engaging on programs that are multi-quarters type of investments we need to make before we see the needle moving in terms of impact on our business. That's why when you think of our business as we refer to it as resilient, because it's a multi-year type of commitment, and even if Intel were to move more IP, let's say, to Synopsys, these are things you will not see the impact in terms of revenue until it takes us the cycle to build that IP, deliver it back, et cetera, et cetera. So that's why short term to midterm, we don't see an impact in the positive or the negative just simply because of the way we structured our engagement. And that's unique to Intel. This is just broadly. That's how we engage in IP build out and of course EDA is more straightforward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Sassine, with respect to your own product development of AI/ML branded products, one question I have is, how does the development process, or let's call it the intensity of development for AI products differ, if at all, from your conventional product developments? In other words, how do you measure your own AI development productivity or your readiness [for GA] (ph) of those products versus conventional EDA products? Relatedly, at DAC two months ago, there was an interesting panel discussion in which Shankar participated regarding the evolution of EDA, AI/ML products and whether they remain separately branded products indefinitely or whether inevitably they become subsumed as features within the core product. So Maybe you can address some of that. And then my follow-up will be about custom.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Jay, for the question. Actually, it's a very good question. If you look back at the rhythm of product releases, let's call it, the traditional EDA software were driven by foundry-specific PDK, tuning, tweaking, we needed to do in order to make sure that the customer who is on the leading edge with that process node have the right tool that is enabling all the features that foundry has, et cetera. So it's from a process technology. From a customer architecture point of view, we did not have to do much different from a customer to a different customer, so they can use the same product, et cetera. With AI, let's call it, that sits inside the tool or around the tool, the optimization engine using AI that can accelerate the traditional engine of EDA to some extent, was very similar, where we just released it based on the release cycle of the products. So with DSO.ai same release as Fusion Compiler, VSO same as VCS, Verdi, et cetera. With Generative AI, the -- not only the pace of which model to use, which customer environment to accept these models, because they may have their own preference in which they want to use GenAI in the context of their own environment in which they are designing the chip. So it's becoming at a different pace of releasing this technology as well as, I want to say, customer-specific for some of these engagements and releases from how to deal with it, so we're not having a special product for each customer, is from an engineering development point of view, what are the layers that we can have as common and what's the layer that we can customize at a fast pace without slowing away the investment that we have at the infrastructure level. So that's what's changing in terms of there's the optimization AI, there's the GenAI and the traditional EDA. As to the point that Shankar made, I agree that in our current engagement with customers, especially on the advanced most complex chips, customers is not differentiating, does -- will I use AI with Fusion Compiler or not. They will just use it as part of the expectation is I need to use everything you give me in order to achieve my target. So, as we start moving forward, will we keep thinking of AI in and around EDA as a separate or as part of the solution, where -- how we see it is absolutely will become an expected part of the solution.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. For my follow-up on custom, which you've now referred to the last several conference calls, what is your ambition for how large a business that can be? When we look at the industry data, things having to do with analog mixed signal, layout and analysis are roughly a mid-teens percent of EDA, excluding IPs. In other words, mid-teens percent of Design Automation. A lot of that obviously is skewed towards cadence and Ansys. But would it be your inhibition that your analog mix signal business could ultimately be about a mid-teens percent of your Design Automation business, if not more?
Sassine Ghazi: So Jay, we see this as an opportunity on two fronts. When you think of analog, there are two portions of analog design that we offer solution for. One, is the verification simulation of analog. And there, as you know, we have a fairly strong portfolio. And so does our competitor. Actually, they offer a very strong portfolio. Where we are a much smaller portion of the TAM is in the analog design environment. And in the analog design environment, these are the wins per se that we've been referring to in this earnings call, the previous earnings call, and they are driven by a discontinuity and that discontinuity is those customers are dealing with the same challenge that we talked about for the traditional logic, digital type of customers. which is an increased complexity, faster cycle time for the design. So they are leveraging any new bells and whistles that the industry can offer. In this case, ASO.ai and a more modernized approach to do an analog chip. So of course, we have an aspiration to grow into that TAM. And we're excited about the offering and our customers' interest.
Trey Campbell: Thanks, Jay. Operator let's go ahead and wrap up the call. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-05-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2024. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Trey Campbell, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Trey Campbell: Thanks, Sarah. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Sassine Ghazi, President and CEO of Synopsys; and Shelagh Glaser, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we might highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on our website at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Sassine.
Sassine Ghazi: Thanks, Trey. Good afternoon. In Q2, we continued our strong execution and momentum. Semiconductor and systems companies continue to invest in Synopsys Solutions to maximize their R&D capabilities and productivity. Revenue was up 15% year-over-year and at the high end of our guided range. Non-GAAP operating margin was 37.3%, up approximately 3 points year-over-year. And non-GAAP EPS was up 26% year-over-year and above guidance. Given our momentum and continued confidence in our business, we are again raising our full year revenue and non-GAAP EPS guidance. Shelagh will discuss the financials in more detail. First, I'll give some context for our confidence and share some business highlights from the quarter. First, we are in an era of pervasive intelligence, fueled by the rise of artificial intelligence, silicon proliferation and software defined systems. These trends are driving systemic complexity for technology R&D, which in turn drives unprecedented opportunity for Synopsys. Our silicon customers are racing to design and manufacture complex, purpose built silicon. And our customer set is expanding as systems companies are also either designing their own chips or defining and optimizing their system performance at the silicon level. In March, many of our semiconductor and systems customers attended SNUG, our yearly Synopsys user Group Conference in Silicon Valley. Thousands of passionate design engineers shared best practices and learned about the innovations we're driving. And we were honored to have a dozen key customers, including NVIDIA, Intel, AMD, AWS, Tesla and others contribute their perspective regarding the mission critical role Synopsys plays in their innovation. As a leading silicon to systems design solutions company, Synopsys opportunity has never been greater. Today, we have best-in-class EDA tools and the broadest portfolio of silicon IP. Our planned acquisition of Ansys will expand our TAM and further our mission of empowering technology innovators everywhere. Let me provide a brief update on this important transaction. Our customers have overwhelmingly told us that they see tremendous potential for the combination to accelerate their innovation and address their rapidly increasing need for system design solutions that provided deeper integration between electronics and physics. We're pleased to announce that Ansys stockholders approved the transaction this morning. Synopsys and Ansys are making progress towards securing the necessary regulatory approvals and we remain confident in the regulatory review process given the clear and compelling benefits of this combination for customers and partners. We continue to expect the transaction to close in the first half of 2025. Let's move to segment business highlights, starting with Design Automation. Q2 Design Automation revenue was up 14% year-over-year with strength across the business and continued rapid adoption of synopsys.ai. Customers realize impressive gains in performance, power and area. In analog and mixed signal design, customers are looking to Synopsys as they modernize their flows and move to more advanced process nodes. We saw 10 displacement design wins in the quarter and now have 20 displacements through the first half of the year. In Q2, we delivered the marquee win for full flow displacement at a leading U.S. systems company, while a leading Asian memory company chose our analog design environment for their next generation memory designs. Our synopsys.ai engine for analog, ASO.ai allows analog customers to harness the power of AI to simplify node migration. A high speed connectivity customer recently reported a 10x productivity gain using ASO.ai. Transitioning to digital, where we continue to expand our leadership across advanced node design flows. In Q2, our Fusion compiler continued to push boundaries in performance and power efficiency optimization, demonstrating 8% better power on a 2 nanometer based CPU at a U.S. CPU company. And higher performance versus competition for the flagship mobile CPU at Samsung. Demonstrably better PPA results such as these also led to Fusion compiler wins at a large U.S. hyperscaler and a top U.S. mobile CPU company. While the customer results from Fusion are exceptional, we believe the combination of Fusion and AI based optimization is game changing. In Q2, multiple Asian design services firms exceeded maximum frequency targets with DSO.ai and a leading U.S. GPU company deployed DSO.ai for improved productivity. In verification, our flagship VCS product delivered 15 competitive displacements in the quarter, led by wins at an Asian systems company, a leading U.S. hyperscaler and a top U.S. GPU company. The synopsys.ai optimization engine that partners with VCS, VSO.ai saw significant adoption as well. We are now engaged with over 30 customers, demonstrating up to 10x fast turnaround time and double digit increase in coverage. Shifting to hardware assisted verification. Demand exceeded our expectations for the quarter with four new customer wins and over 50 repeat customer wins. At SNUG, we announced ZeBu EP2 and saw the first sales to a large Asian mobile SOC company in a competitive win for full SoC verification. We also saw significant customer pull for HAPS, including at a large U.S. mobile company, which deployed multi-die designs on HAPS and reduced bring up time by approximately 40%. On to Design IP, which delivered 19% revenue growth as the IP supplier of choice for leading HPC, AI, automotive and mobile chips at advanced nodes. Q2 was particularly strong quarter for automotive wins. Electrification, infotainment and ADAS features continue to drive strong demand for our comprehensive automotive portfolio. Chip level security continues to be a concern to chip designers. In Q2, we announced the acquisition of Intrinsic ID to add physical and clonable functions or PUF technology to our extensive IP portfolio. More broadly, we gained over 10 secure interface IP wins in the quarter, including five new customers. Demand for interface IP for AI and data center applications is growing at a blistering pace. In the quarter, we launched the industry's first 1.6 terabyte Ethernet solution to meet the high bandwidth needs of AI and hyperscaler chips, securing design wins at two leading high speed Ethernet customers. Additionally, we secured more than 10 design wins for PCIe 6.0 and CXL 3.0 solutions. We also have the industry's most expensive IP library for Multi-die, starting with the standard for die-to-die interconnect UCIe. We won five UCIe IP licenses in the quarter across end markets from memory to mobile to HPC. With these wins, we now have 50 lifetime wins for die-to-die connectivity. As silicon becomes foundational to innovation in nearly every industry, we've seen an infusion of government support and funding for chip manufacturing around the world. Synopsys plays a mission critical role as an on ramp to the world's foundries, enabling manufacturing success for our mutual customers. In Q2, we won a significant enablement engagement with the emerging leading edge Japanese foundry, Rapidus Corporation, involving our leadership 2 nanometer interface IP. This builds on a major Rapidus [Technical Difficulty] design win for foundation. Having a portfolio of trusted IP is a requirement for every world class foundry. As the leading provider of interface and foundation IP, Synopsys is often the first stop for foundry enablement. Synopsys IP provides a path for mutual customers to bring Rapidus manufactured chips to market faster and with lower risk. The design and manufacturing of semiconductors is inextricably linked and we engage deeply with all the major foundries. At TSMC Symposium, we announced TSMC N2 IP development and demonstrated silicon proof points for N3E and N3P IP. At Samsung, we secured multiple IP wins enabling customers to confidently adopt Samsung's leading processes for AI, storage, automotive and other applications. We also partnered with Intel Foundry to accelerate advanced chip designs with Synopsys IP and certified EDA flows for their 18A process. This quarter also marked another transformative milestone as we accelerate our Silicon to Systems strategy and prioritize growth investments in our core EDA and IP businesses. We recently announced the definitive agreement to sell the software integrity business to Clear Lake Capital and Francisco Partners. This transaction valued at up to $2.1 billion will establish SIG as a newly independent leading application security testing software provider and is expected to close in the second half of 2024, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approval. This agreement fulfilled the key priorities we had for the sale. Find our team and our customers great new owners that can care about nurturing and investing in the business to deliver to its full potential, focus on speed and certainty to close and deliver financial value and smooth transition for Synopsys. We are proud to have started the business, grown it to be the application and security testing leader and will partner with the new owners to ensure a seamless transition. We have strong continuing momentum across the business, supported by multiple secular growth drivers. We have a resilient business model and our customers continue to prioritize investments in the silicon and systems that position them for future growth. We are aligning our portfolio investment with the greatest return potential to accelerate our growth. Thank you to our employees, partners and customers for their passion and commitment. With that, I'll turn it over to Shelagh.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you, Sassine. We continued our strong momentum in Q2 with revenue at the high end of our guided range, non-GAAP operating margin of 37.3% and non-GAAP earnings above the high end of our guidance. Our Q2 results are driven by our relentless focus on execution, leading technology that is mission critical to our customers and a resilient and stable business model with $7.9 billion in non-cancellable backlog. We remain confident in our business and after raising guidance at our Investor Day in March, we are again raising our full year targets for revenue and non-GAAP EPS. As Sassine noted, we entered into an agreement to sell our software integrity business. Unless otherwise noted, our software integrity business has been presented as a discontinued operation and our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented. I'll now review our second quarter results, which are presented on a continuing operations basis. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.45 billion, up 15%. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $1.12 billion, total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $911.7 million, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 37.3%. GAAP earnings per share were $1.92 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $3. Now on to our segments. Design Automation segment revenue was $1.05 billion, up 14%, driven by strength in EDA software and hardware. Design Automation's adjusted operating margin was 39.6%. Design IP segment revenue was $399.8 million, up 19%, driven by broad based strength. Design IP adjusted operating margin was 31.2%. Operating cash flow, including discontinued operations was $477 million for the quarter and free cash flow, including discontinued operations was $438 million. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $1.66 billion. Now to guidance presented on a continuing operations basis. For fiscal year 2024, the full year targets are revenue of $6.09 billion to $6.15 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $4.56 billion and $4.61 billion, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.77 billion and $3.81 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin improvement of approximately 2 percentage points at the midpoint. Non-GAAP tax rate of 15%, GAAP earnings of $9.14 to $9.36 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $12.90 to $12.98 per share. Cash flow from operations of approximately $1.3 billion, free cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion. Now to targets for the third quarter. Revenue between $1.505 billion and $1.535 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $1.10 billion and $1.12 billion, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $920 million and $930 million. GAAP earnings of $2.22 to $2.35 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $3.25 to $3.30 per share. Our press release and financial supplement include additional targets and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations as well as historical, financial and operating metrics presented on a continuing operations basis. In conclusion, we are on track to achieve revenue growth of 14.5% to 15.6%, approximately 2 percentage points of non-GAAP operating margin improvement and 22% to 23% non-GAAP EPS growth in 2024. Our confidence reflects our leadership position across our segments, mission critical products to enable our customers' robust design activity and a stable and resilient business model. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joseph Vruwink with Baird. Your line is open.
Joseph Vruwink: Hi, great. Hi, everyone. I wanted to start, it sounds like the analog and verification AI products are really gaining a nice foothold at customers. So there's probably a bit more of a baseline financial experience. Is it possible to say just what the uplift around ACV tends to be with these customers adopting the newer AI products? I think the 20% uplift upon renewal figure you provided last year was more driven by DSO.ai. I'm just wondering how the newer AI products are maybe starting to change and factor into the model.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes, very good question. So it's true. The 20% uplift is based on the DSO.ai incremental booking and revenue we're able to capture and the baseline increase for Fusion Compiler. On ASO.ai and VSO.ai, we're still in early stages, it's very difficult at this stage to give you what will the average be. So give us some time before we're able to capture more data points. But the one thing that we can confirm is as customers are using that technology in production, we're able to monetize it through the same approach and uplift to get access for the technology and an uplift based on the consumption -- the baseline consumption.
Joseph Vruwink: Okay, that's great. And then -- yeah, good to hear about the update on Ansys. Maybe anything you can say in terms of financial performance of Ansys and just how you two are working together and kind of your expectations for the balance of the year as you approach joint customers and kind of think about the financial performance of the Ansys business.
Sassine Ghazi: So two points on the Ansys performance. One, as you know, we're operating as two separate companies. So my suggestion here is to refer you back to what they're communicating, which is their continued commitment for double digit ACV and revenue growth for their FY 2024. And the other point is, during our diligence process, we had a close insight in terms of the shape of the year where it's tilted more for a second half performance compared to the first half in terms of the shape. So really that's the most we can say at this stage. But if you have any questions, refer back to the Ansys commentary.
Joseph Vruwink: Okay. Thank you very much.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: Hey, great. Thanks for taking my questions. This quarter was a little unique and that we got basically an update 60 days ago at SNUG in the Analyst Day. Nice to see the quarter come at the high end and raising the guide again. But curious like -- again, I don't see Synopsys as being like a very back end loaded company, but curious what exactly drove the strength and the upside just from that short period ago.
Sassine Ghazi: So continued momentum in the core business. I mean, what we're seeing is the ongoing demand for faster compute energy efficient compute either by semiconductor companies or by hyperscalers is increasing the demand for the latest, greatest EDA technology as well as the demand for our IP portfolio. So with that, we are in a fortunate position with our customers and our portfolio that's driving that growth. And I know just 60 days ago, we updated to take the software integrity as a discontinued operation. But as we went through the quarter and we're looking at the rest of the year, it gave us confidence to raise the midpoint to 15%, which is roughly another $30 million raise for the year.
Jason Celino: Thank you.
Shelagh Glaser: Yes. And the other thing I would add is, I think as said in his prepared remarks, we outperformed on hardware this quarter. So it was another nice quarter of execution by the hardware team.
Jason Celino: Okay. Perfect. And then maybe just a quick one for Shelagh. I think you said backlog of 7.9. Is that an AppSec backlog number?
Shelagh Glaser: Absolutely, Jason. So thanks for the question. It's AppSec because of course, that's moved into discontinued operations. And just to give you some relevant comps that will come out later in this week as you get the quarterly filing. Q1 2024 on that same basis was 7.7% and then Q2 2023 on that same basis was 6.8%. So that versus what I just shared are Q2 actual 7.9%.
Jason Celino: Okay. Excellent. Thank you.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Shi with Needham. Your line is open.
Charles Shi: Hey, good afternoon. Congrats on the solid results for the quarter. I have a question about the IP business. It seems like it takes a little bit of a pause in April quarter, but your full year guidance seems to suggest maybe IP will have slightly higher run rate from the fiscal second quarter level into the third and into the fourth. I recall like 90 days ago, you were talking about maybe IP is going to be a little bit first half weighted. Is that still the shape you're expecting? And if I may, is it more concentrated in Q4 because your Q3 guidance and the full year guidance kind of implies another very strong sequential growth into the year and wonder if it's IP driven. Thanks.
Shelagh Glaser: Well, as you noted, IP tends to be lumpy for us. And so you saw us have about 53% IP growth in Q1. So Q1 -- Q2 is a bit muted from that, although we're still up 19% year-over-year and we anticipate another strong year for IP. And the lumpiness is really about the timeline in which the customers need to ingest IP into their design. And so as you noted, that will continue through the year and we expect continued growth throughout Q3 and Q4 with a strong Q4.
Charles Shi: Thanks. May I ask again that the China revenue, you guys were expecting contribution to be lower in fiscal 2024 compared with 2023, but the dollar wise still going to be a record -- I mean, it's still going to grow on a year-on-year basis. Is that still the case?
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. As you recall, Charles, we communicated early in the year that we're a little bit cautious on China as we see macro and challenges in the economy in China and some impact of the restrictions. We had a good first half. We are anticipating growth in China. But overall, we're taking a balanced approach for the overall macro.
Charles Shi: Thanks.
Sassine Ghazi: Thanks, Charles.
Charles Shi: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Tilton with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Tilton: Hey, guys, can you hear me?
Sassine Ghazi: Yes.
Joshua Tilton: I really appreciate the color on kind of tracking these displacements that you called out. I think you mentioned the 20 -- I don't remember if that was this quarter or year-to-date, but could you maybe just give us a little bit more color on what's driving those, where they're coming from and kind of how we should expect those displacements to trend for the rest of the year?
Sassine Ghazi: Sure. Our customers are expecting analog design workflows and environment methodology, et cetera, to be more modernized. Think of it feeling more like digital. And this is a great opportunity for Synopsys and we introduced couple of things. One is the AI for analog, which is ASO.ai. Our customers are using it primarily for migration from a node-to-node or in some cases foundry-to-foundry. And the other aspect of the analog competitive wins that we've had is the full flow. When you look at the complete design environment, simulation, et cetera and offering a modern competitive platform for our customers. And we're actually very excited about the momentum that ASO.ai is driving and the overall the workflow that we're putting together for our customer?
Joshua Tilton: Maybe just a follow-up to that. I know you mentioned that you and Ansys are running in separate businesses at the moment, but are you already seeing any changes in purchasing behavior? And what I mean by that, are there any customers you can identify that maybe weren't as strong buyers or starting to go more all in or maybe weren't customers at all, but are now starting to buy Synopsys because of the future they see between you and Ansys that will exist in the combined business?
Sassine Ghazi: Yeah. remember, Josh, we've had a partnership since 2017. So the customers that we engage -- we Synopsys engage with in our core business, we already have that established go-to-market and established technology connections between the products that are relevant for that grouping of customers. So I won't say there is anything different in terms of customer behavior at this stage. Think of it as a continuation of what we started in 2017.
Joshua Tilton: Super helpful. Congrats on a great quarter, guys.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the regulatory approval process for the Ansys acquisition and I guess what's developed most recently was China SAMR approval. I presume that you always expected to file a China SAMR given the close timeframe of first half next year. Maybe if you could just speak to your confidence in that approval process and any concessions you might be willing to make to get that across the finish line?
Sassine Ghazi: Sure. So Gary, few things. One, from a regulatory process point of view, we had a really a thorough roadmap on different jurisdiction filing and processes that we needed to -- with China, the first step we took was to communicate that our transaction is below the merger notification threshold. And that was confirmed last week in the letter, which is actually a positive confirmation. At the same time, it was communicated that they will desire to review the transaction, which at this stage, we're reviewing the notice, we're evaluating the potential next steps. And as we communicated to every jurisdiction, it's important to work collaboratively, try to understand what are any customer competitive, et cetera concerns that we need to take into account. And we're just following that process at this stage.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Thank you. As my follow-up, you mentioned in your prepared remarks about a customer win with an Asian memory designer. And if I'm not mistaken, memory as a subgroup of the semiconductor industry hasn't historically leaned heavily on commercial EDA. Maybe if you can just give us how that -- some insight into how that might be changing and then in particular, how HBM memory for data center might be factoring into some of the needs for your tools?
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. There are a couple of parts of the portfolio actually that they are incredible sweet spot for memory design. As you know, memory design is more a custom structured custom design where we have our leadership position in fast spice simulation, where you take a memory design and you try to bring in acceleration in our fast spice simulation. And there over the last number of years actually, the memory market has been a sweet spot for growth for us in that space. We even introduced GPU acceleration for that fast spice simulation that the memory customers were the leaders and early adopters of that technology in order to deal with the complexity as these memories, especially the HBM3 and all flavors of new memory design, it drove nice opportunity for us to continue on expanding those engagements. So it's true, while memory companies were more a custom type of design flows. Over the last number of years, they've been leaning quite heavily to adopt latest technology to deal with that complexity.
Gary Mobley: That's good color. Thank you.
Sassine Ghazi: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lee Simpson with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Lee Simpson: Great. Thanks so much. I just wanted to ask an IP question. And really just in relation to a new node being stood up at TSMC. So I think as many of us know, the end to capacity is being stood up probably around mid 2025. And I was just trying to get an understanding of when you thought that would impact on your business, particularly from the foundational IP perspective and maybe more broadly, as last caller was asking around about how might pull in things like HBM and so forth as well? Thanks.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. So when a new node comes online, we engage in the point one and in some cases like foundation IP, even we engage before the point one PDK. And the reason we engage that early is in order to deliver what's called the node entitlement to get a sense of what's the power, the performance, the area of that node. And that's a very deep in the trenches collaboration with in this case TSMC, but it applies to Samsung, Intel, many other foundries. So the first is with our foundation IP. Then shortly after it's followed by the interface IP, where we are a number of the test chip shuttles that they have for internal validation of their process technology. And those come way before the customers buying the IP from us. So by the time the customer is ready to at a the 0.5 PDK. And in some cases, as you know, they wait for 0.9 PDK, et cetera, that's when they start pulling the IP from us. So the engagement starts, in some cases a year, a year plus before we see a customer ready to pull the IP.
Lee Simpson: Great. That's really clear. Maybe just a quick follow-up. I noted it's quite a lot of color around Fusion and the AI-based optimization doing quite well over the last quarter, at least some good call out wins at 2 nanometers and I think also with a flagship mobile chip at Samsung. I guess where I'm really going with this is, I think the way that Fusion could work with Redhawk going forward and some of the build around that you've got as a stack around Fusion, which looks quite interesting. Is it too much to make the leap to say that interoperability in EDA might become a thing in the past and that there'll be no interest to make this the various stages of design flow interoperable with other people's offerings? Thanks.
Sassine Ghazi: Not at all. Interoperability is so essential for the workflows, so essential. And as far as I can go back and remember in EDA, you have customers that they're using mixed flows, mixed environments. It's very well alive and thriving in terms of customers using this mixed environment for many reasons. Many times the customer wants to introduce their special sauce inside the flow and they want to have these handshakes in an industry standard interoperable ways. And we've been doing it with Ansys. We've been doing it with our competitors, et cetera and I don't see anything changing there. The one thing that you hear when we talk about Fusion is there is absolutely value when you integrate deeper than the technology into your platform, the value of it to our customer is a predictable outcome where the step one is correlated with step 2, correlated with step 3, et cetera. But that as well can be achieved through an Interoperable mix environment. So I absolutely see that will continuing and you absolutely need an ecosystem in order to deal with the complexity of the future. It cannot be in my mind, a one platform that is sufficient to close the gap of complexity.
Lee Simpson: Great response. Thank you very much.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Lee.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Starting with NAI question, you noted some adoption of some of your branded products as seen, but perhaps a two part question. Number one, what are you seeing in terms of the relative adoption of AI, your branded AI by semi versus systems customers? And over time, would you be indifferent to the economics of supporting those two classes of customers with AI? In other words, with your ACV, your margin structure, et cetera, be indifferent to that mix with respect to AI adoption? And are you also beginning to see any signs of customers taking two or more solutions at this point of AI branded products? And then my follow-up.
Sassine Ghazi: Actually, it's an interesting question regarding the mix. The advantage I want to say of a system company is typically they're starting from scratch, meaning they don't have the legacy CAD teams, the legacy workflows, et cetera. So the adoption of new technology is typically faster. That's what we observe. So when we introduce new technology, the rate of adoption is faster. But now as I look back, for example, at the DSO.ai or even the new technology, ASO.ai, VSO.ai, we have a mix of adoption, the classic semis and hyperscalers as well. And the second part of your question, if I understood it correctly, are we seeing customers that they're using two or more of the AI technology? The answer is yes, absolutely. What is different, Jay, now compared to 2020 when we introduced DSO.ai, AI was such a foreign new concept for even Synopsys engineers supporting it in the field and the customer adopting it. They were trying to prove can I trust it? How do I use it? What's the compute requirement to use it? Now it's a completely different discussion. Our customers' executives are pushing their teams to leverage any AI productivity booster that they can get and it's absolutely giving an acceleration of adoption compared to what we witnessed in 2020.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Now you noted the strength of hardware. This is a follow-up. And hardware of course, for you and your peers has been a substantial growth category for a decade. The latest data shows that including your numbers, it's well over $1.2 billion of total revenue for the category. The question is, where do you still see pockets of underutilization or under automation, vis-a-vis EDA hardware. I mean, do you foresee this, including yourselves growing to be, for example, a $2 billion category, the way IP has grown into a $2 billion category.
Sassine Ghazi: So if you step back and ask why do customers use hardware, there are really two use cases. One, there is the whole verification acceleration. Can I get the verification done faster? And two, software bring up. I don't think we will debate the fact that they're going to be more software content, customers are going to have to bring up as much as possible the software before the silicon is ready. And for both use cases, but we're -- I want to say biased that the software bring up use case is going to have a bigger opportunity of adoption for the reasons I just described. And as you know, we are more suited with our solution to a software bring up use case given the architecture of our hardware system. And those are the areas that I don't believe there will be any slowdown or direct change in direction when it comes to the hardware assisted verification use cases.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thank you, Sassine.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, jay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gianmarco Conti with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Gianmarco Conti: Hi, Sassine and Shelagh. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on another great quarter. So perhaps the first one would be around AI. In your prepared remarks, you spoke about a leading American GP designer and deploying DSO. And could you perhaps talk a little bit more about the penetration rates and any relevant KPIs here? And are you starting to see more material revenue generation from the broader XFO that the AI suite? And how much is it currently included in the backlog? I'll ask a follow-up after. Thank you.
Sassine Ghazi: Okay. Yes, for DSO.ai, what we communicated actually during Investor Day that if you look at the TAM for the DSO.ai, use cases that you can take advantage of that technology. We're still in early stages. We are in roughly 20% of the TAM from a adoption point of view for DSO.ai. So there's plenty of opportunity to continue on expanding. And within that 20%, we are roughly at the 15%-ish in terms of adoption. And the reason for that, not because customers are pushing back or they're not seeing value, and there's a rhythm of adoption where you have to finish the tape out, go into the next project and broader that deployment across more -- we call them blocks, meaning partitions of the design. So that's DSO.ai. VSO.ai, we anticipate the adoption to be faster and the ramp to be faster than DSO.ai because what it does, it looks at your verification cycles and it improves the coverage by not having to go back and run and verify something you already verified in the previous run. So it's smarter approach to improve coverage while reducing the time and the need to just waste more verification cycles. And what the customer, the way they're looking at it is a TCO reduction because it impacts their hardware utilization where they're running that software on in order to get a higher coverage and speed up. As I mentioned on ASO.ai, it's all about modernization of the workflow. And in the early use cases we're seeing is a node migration. So to automate, accelerate, the customer feel of moving from node A to node B, where do they stand in terms of power performance area, and it's not only a digital thing you need because you need the whole SoC to go through this entitlement exercise.
Gianmarco Conti: Understood. And I have a second one follow-up for perhaps, Shelagh. I noticed your R&D expenses grew well above revenue in the quarter. And could you perhaps talk about where are you directing most of the investments? Are you pouring more into the whole AI development or is more budget being allocated to the setup of what would be the product integration development post-acquisition? Any color would be great. Thank you.
Shelagh Glaser: Sure. So our main focus on our investment is obviously investing in both design automation and design IP. So we're -- I think as we talked about at Investor Day in the IP Group, we're building out IP blocks for the leading edge technology where the standards are moving much more rapidly, especially driven by the kind of the insatiable needs of AI. So we're building out the standards in a more rapid fashion. And so that's a significant part of our R&D. And then in the EDA the Design Automation group and the EDA in particular, we're investing in building out all our Synopsys study, AI capabilities and continuing to further those because even the ones that we've already launched, we're driving improvements in those. Those aren't just static investments.
Gianmarco Conti: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Clarke Jeffries with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Clarke Jeffries: Hello. Thank you for taking the question. First is for Shelagh. I wanted to clarify 2 percentage point of operating margin expansion is within continuing operations, not based off of the removal of SIG and how you think about that number for ongoing operating margin expansion for the core business going forward? And then one follow-up.
Shelagh Glaser: Correct. It's within the continuing operations and thanks for the clarification. I know there's a lot of moving parts here with the move of SIG to discontinued operations. And the way we're thinking about it is, as you know, we are scaling the business, how do we drive better leverage across the R&D and then how do we drive better leverage across the core infrastructure of the company. And our long-term expectation that we shared in Investor Day and when we did Ansys is that our expectation is that we're going to drive operating margin to the mid 40s. So we see continued expansion and it's very much a part of how we're thinking about the growth of the company. And as Sassine talked a lot about the AI that we're infusing in our customers. And if you will, we're eating at our own restaurant. We're infusing AI into everything we do inside the company to drive more modern ways of doing things so that allows us to drive more innovation?
Clarke Jeffries: Perfect. And then just how should we think about net proceeds for the SIG sale and what to consider there absent of timing? I know there was a payable payment in cash. Just any way to think about net proceeds as the deal closes? Thank you.
Shelagh Glaser: Certainly. So what we talked about with SIG is it's up to $2.1 billion in consideration. And the way that breaks out is in three distinct parts. So we'll have $1.5 billion payment at close of the SIG transaction. And as we had noted, we expect that this transaction will close in the second half of 2024. So that would happen in this year. And then over the subsequent five quarters, starting in Q1, our first fiscal quarter of 2025, there is a cumulative $125 million payment. So you can think about the cash that we'll get is 1.625. So think about that. And then the balance, the 475 is payable upon agreed to specified rate of return that the sponsors would achieve and then we would participate in that -- that upside through a potential liquidity transaction.
Clarke Jeffries: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Shelagh Glaser: Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy with Rosenblatt Securities. Your line is open.
Blair Abernethy: Thank you. And nice quarter, guys. Sassine, I just wanted to come back on the analog side of things. And it seems like you've had a good performance here. Are you seeing a shift in momentum in that part of the business for Synopsys? And where do you see sort of the lowest hanging fruit or the best opportunities for you in analog?
Sassine Ghazi: So from a customer base point of view, there are the core analog companies that are truly trying to improve their productivity, improve the way they approach design and what we are hearing from that cohort of customers is how can we digitize our analog workflows to be more efficient, more productive, take advantage of the latest technology, et cetera. So that's a grouping of customers. And for that grouping of customers is very exciting because we're engaging them based on new technology and a new approach, if you think about it for designing their chips. Then there is the other grouping of customers where, as you know, customers always encourage and enjoy to see a competitive strong player to have alternatives to have for many other -- for many motivations. And that's part of it as well. So where we see a competitive displacement and engagement in that space as well. So think of it as two buckets that we're seeing the momentum that we have.
Blair Abernethy: Great. Thank you very much.
Blair Abernethy: Thank you.
Sassine Ghazi: And did you have a follow-up? Did you have follow-up, Blair or is that it?
Blair Abernethy: No, I'm good. Thank you.
Sassine Ghazi: All right. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Sassine Ghazi: Let's go ahead and close out the call. Thanks, Sarah.
Operator: Thank you.
Trey Campbell: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-02-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter Fiscal Year 2024. At this time all participants’ are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call will last one hour. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Trey Campbell, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Trey Campbell: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Sassine Ghazi, President and CEO; and Shelagh Glaser, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our pending acquisition of Ansys. However, we will not be commenting on Ansys' financial results. While these forward-looking statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect such statements are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on our website at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Sassine.
Sassine Ghazi: Good afternoon. In Q1, we continued our strong momentum with revenue in the upper end of our guidance range and non-GAAP EPS surpassing the upper end of our guidance range. Revenue was $1.65 billion, up 21% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 38.7% up approximately 3.5 points year-over-year. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.56, up 36% year-over-year. While maintaining our laser focus on meeting our quarterly financial commitments, we strategically drive the business for long-term financial success. Over the last three years, we have delivered a 17% of revenue CAGR, non-GAAP operating margin improvement of 7 points and non-GAAP EPS growth at a 26% CAGR. Shelagh will discuss our financials and guidance in more detail. Let's turn to market trends. We've entered an era of pervasive intelligence, driven by the rise of artificial intelligence, silicon proliferation and software-defined systems. These trends demand more compute, new architectures and new design methodologies who are requiring us to address the significant challenges of complexity, cost, energy consumption and security. Despite the mounting challenges, design starts continue to rise as the semiconductor industry scales to $1 trillion in revenue or more by the end of the decade. As the leading silicon to system design solution company with best-in-class EDA tools and the broadest portfolio of semiconductor IP, Synopsys growth opportunity is truly incredible and already underway. Across industries, a paradigm shift is underway as companies race to deliver on this era of pervasive intelligence where AI and smart technologies are omnipresent and interconnected. To capitalize on this shift, the technology is overcoming is converging on a silicon to systems approach to innovation. As the company at the heart of silicon and systems, Synopsys was made for this moment. There is no one more capable of helping companies innovate for this era of pervasive intelligence. Semiconductor companies are now designing with a system approach in mind, while system companies are unlocking additional value through purpose-built chips and software-defined systems. At the same time, customers see the fusion of electronics design and physics simulation as critical to delivering high-performing and high-yielding solutions for their business. Building on our seven-year partnership with Ansys, the industry leader in simulation and a bit multiyear strategy to reshape our business to support system-level design. Last month, we announced our intent to acquire Ansys. This transaction will grow our TAM by 1.5 times to $28 billion and further enhance our silicon to system strategy. Both across our core EDA segment and a highly attractive adjacent growth areas where Ansys has an established presence and successful go-to-market expertise. Customer feedback on the proposed transaction has been incredibly supportive, and we look forward to closing this transaction in the first half of 2024. Now I'll share some segment highlights starting with Design Automation, where we saw strong design win activity across the business. We continue to enhance our leadership in digital EDA as our capabilities become increasingly critical for the leading chips at advanced nodes. We are proud to have partnered with our customers to achieve a number of industry firsts in Q1. The world's first GAA-based next generation arm, Cortex-X mobile core tape-out at a leading Asian mobile SoC provider. The first completed tape-out for a server SoC on 18A. And Asia's first N5 arm flagship automotive core tape-out for a leading EV OEM. In addition, we had multiple competitive wins anchored by 2-nanometer and 3-nanometer projects at a leading Asian mobile semiconductor company. We are also gaining momentum with analog mixed-signal customers. We won several competitive full flow displacements at analog mixed signal companies including networking OEMs in Europe and Japan. A key differentiator in these competitive wins was the breadth and leadership of our EDA platform, from digital to analog and from architecture to sign off. All turbo charged with the industry's leading full-flow AI platform, synopsys.ai. Synopsys.ai focuses on three distinct pillars of value for our customers, optimization, XSO.ai beat analytics, and generative AI, including our copilot. Starting with our XSO.ai family, which includes design, verification, test and analog space optimization. We continue to expand our footprint and drive set in our core EDA tools. DSO.ai was key in several major wins and continues to drive a 20% plus uplift to Fusion Compiler revenue at multiple accounts. Increasing share of usage of DSO.ai were competition was driven by superior PPA results on our platform versus alternatives. We saw a very strong pull for VSO.ai with multiple production deployments that are seeing excellent improvements in test coverage and turnaround time. A large North American HPC semiconductor company made a significant investment in VSO.ai technology with plans to immediately deploy on four projects and eventually deploy corporate-wide. Another large North American GPU company saw 2 times faster turnaround time and a 20% improvement in coverage and is planning a large-scale deployment of the technology. Our analog tool, ASO.ai now has multiple deployments moving to production with reference flows at TSMC, Samsung and Intel for analog migration. We also brought in the capability of TSO.ai, adding a design for test feature to the proven ability for advanced pattern generation. At the International Test Conference this quarter, we demonstrated a 20% reduction in total pattern count using TSO.ai. Our data analytics AI products also saw significant logo engagement growth. A great example is Silicon.da production analytics, which is part of the silicon lifecycle management family and spans design through product manufacturing phases. Silicon.da automatically highlights silicon data outliers, enabling engineering teams to quickly identify and correct underlying issues in design and manufacturing and boost productivity. Last quarter, we had a groundbreaking generative AI announcement with Microsoft for accelerating chip design, Synopsys.ai copilot. The integration of Gen AI across Synopsys.ai provides chip designers with collaborative capabilities that offer expert tool guidance, generative capabilities to enable RTL and collateral creation from natural language. Following positive feedback from initial pilot participants, AMD, Intel and Microsoft will be adding a number of other companies with our beta rollout. In Q1, we also won significant multi-die package designs. Our 3DIC Compiler platform gained substantial momentum in multi-die packaging. Multi-die implementations continue to increase in the HPC market with an expectation that by 2028, 40% of HPC designs will be multi-die architectures. Like the transition to AI this new design paradigm will create significant opportunity for both our EDA and IP businesses. Moving to our systems business. Hardware-assisted verification had a strong quarter with excellent booking on ZeBu and HAPS, across multiple geos with eight new hardware logos. We saw share expansion at a large Asian OEM on ZeBu 5 and grew our HAPS footprint at two top North American customers. In system software, bookings momentum continued with key automotive OEMs and Tier 1s. One example was the collaboration we announced with Continental. Integrating our industry-leading virtual prototyping solutions within Continental's automotive edge development framework, we're building the digital twin capabilities that allow automakers to accelerate their software development and improve their time to market. Now moving to Design IP, which continues to deliver industry-leading growth as the IP supplier of choice for leading HPC, AI, automotive and mobile chips at advanced nodes. This quarter, we closed a multiyear, multi-node and multi-foundry agreements to enable the next-generation automotive and IoT platforms in a landmark design win at the major North American semiconductor company. A keystone IP in HPC and AI is PCIe 6.0, where we lead the industry with more than 50 lifetime wins. We demonstrated our next wave of innovation by showcasing our PCIe 7.0 technology at DesignCon 2024. Multi-die packaging is a significant tailwind to IP as well as EDA. We want four die-to-die IP engagements in the quarter surpassing 45 lifetime enhancing our leadership in this emerging space. We proudly demonstrated the industry's first silicon success for UCIeS by IP in TSMC, NCE and N5. The tight integration with our flagship EDA tool, 3DIC Compiler is generating significant productivity gains with improved line margins. Finally, at the beginning of the quarter, we launched our new ARC 5 RISC 5 based portfolio with strong customer interest. The ARC processors are highly configurable and extensible to deliver optimal power performance efficiency for a broad range of applications such as automotive, storage and IoT. Now to the Software Integrity segment. which delivered record revenue despite a challenging macroeconomic backdrop for enterprise software. We continue to evaluate strategic alternatives for this business, and we will provide an update when we complete this process. While the company engages in this process, the Software Integrity Group will continue to focus on investing and integrating in our market-leading products and serving customers with our leading application security testing portfolio and a global go-to-market execution. In summary, we had an excellent start to the year, building on underpinned by multiple secular growth drivers. We have a resilient business model and our customers continue to prioritize investments in the silicon systems that position them for future growth. We are aligning our portfolio investment with the greatest return potential to accelerate our growth. Thank you to our employees partners and customers for their passion and commitment. Finally, we look forward to providing you more insight into our business, strategy and growth opportunities at our upcoming Investor Day, which will be held in conjunction with our Synopsys Users Group event in Santa Clara on March 20. I hope to see many of you there. With that, I'll turn it over to Shelagh.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you, Sassine. We delivered a solid start to the year with revenue in the upper end of our guided range, non-GAAP operating margin of 38.7% and non-GAAP earnings above the high end of our guidance range. Our Q1 results are driven by our execution and leadership position across our segments, robust design activity across semiconductor and systems customers and the stability and resilience of our time-based business model. We remain confident in our business, and as a result, we are reaffirming our full-year 2024 targets for revenue and non-GAAP operating margin and raising our non-GAAP EPS guidance. I'll now review our first quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.65 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $1.29 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $1.01 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 38.7%. GAAP earnings per share were $2.89, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.56. Q1 included an extra fiscal week, which contributed $70.5 million in revenue and $0.11 in non-GAAP EPS. Now on to our segment. Design Automation segment revenue was $985.3 million, up 11%. Design Automation adjusted operation was 37%. Design IP segment revenue was $525.7 million, up 53%, driven by broad-based strength. Design IP adjusted operating margin was 47.5%. Software Integrity revenue was $138.2 million, up 8%, and adjusted operating margin was 17.3%. Operating cash outflow was $88 million for the quarter and we ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $1.27 billion. Now to guidance. For fiscal year 2024, the full-year targets are: revenue of $6.57 billion to $6.63 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $5.02 billion and $5.08 billion, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $4.14 billion and $4.18 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin improvement of roughly 2 percentage points. Non-GAAP tax rate of 15% and GAAP earnings of $9.56 to $9.74 per share. Non-GAAP earnings of $13.47 to $13.55 per share. Cash from operations of approximately $1.4 billion. Now to targets for the second quarter. Revenue between $1.56 billion and $1.59 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $1.21 billion and $1.23 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $1.01 billion and $1.02 billion, GAAP earnings of $2.05 to $2.16 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $3.09 to $3.14 per share. Our press release and financial supplement include additional targets and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation. In conclusion, we delivered a solid start to the year. We continue to execute and for the full year expect 12.4% to 13.5% revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margin improvement of roughly 2 percentage points and 20% to 21% non-GAAP EPS growth. Our confidence reflects our leadership position across our segments, robust design activity by our customers and the stability and resiliency of our time-based business model. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Gary with Wells Fargo Securities. Gary, the floor is yours.
Gary Mobley: Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I think when you started or you initially fiscal year '24 guidance you were expecting China to -- I guess a drag on the overall revenue growth. But in the first quarter results, it looks like sales into China were modestly accretive to the overall growth. And so my question is, do you still anticipate some headwinds specific to China? And anything specific you wanted to call out there with respect dilution to the overall revenue trends?
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Gary, for the question. You are correct. When we guided FY ‘24, we called out two possible headwinds. One, the continued enterprise software slowness and the one was around China, both the macro and the impact of the export control. That will continue in terms of our balanced view as we're looking at the year. And as we communicated well, we believe that being pragmatic around the China growth as we look at FY '24 was important. Now as you saw in Q1, as you're calling out, strong Q1 that is due to some timing of our pull down of our business, be it in EDA or IP that can vary quarter-over-quarter but the remainder of the year is pretty much what we communicated when we guided the year.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Just a follow-up housekeeping question. What was the RPO balance at the end of the quarter and it looks like the other income is coming in stronger than the original projection, including some upside in the first quarter, Shelagh, can you give some clarity on the source of that.
Shelagh Glaser: Yes. The backlog is $8.2 billion for the quarter. So we had obviously a record backlog in Q4 of $8.6 billion and that's sort of the natural lumpiness of timing of big orders, so that was a pretty normal expectation. And then some of the goodness we saw in some of our other with some improvement in some ForEx. And so obviously, that can ebb and flow, but that's what we saw in Q1.
Gary Mobley: Thank you.
Sassine Ghazi: Thanks, Gary.
Shelagh Glaser: Thanks, Gary.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of KeyBanc. The floor is yours.
Jason Celino: This is Jason. Can you guys hear me?
Sassine Ghazi: Yes, Jason.
Jason Celino: Perfect. Maybe building off of Gary's question, the backlog, 8.2%, really nice to see in the high teens year-over-year growth again. I get it lumpy coming off a record, but it was down a little more sequentially than what we've seen typically from Q4s to Q1s. Is there any way to think about the linearity through the year, first-half, second-half or renewal timing? Just trying to understand the shape. Thanks.
Shelagh Glaser: Yes. I wouldn't say there's anything unusual about it. I mean, year-over-year, we're up about 19%. So we kind of think about managing these things on a yearly increment because you think about timing of renewals and things like that, which usually we think about over the course of 12 months. So there's nothing really specific about the Q4 to Q1 other than I would point out that Q4 was an all-time high. So in some senses, that all-time high. We'll go through sort of the natural pull down and then replenishment of the backlog as we drive renewals and expansion.
Jason Celino: Okay, perfect. And then on the IP side, again, really strong quarter, 50% growth. I know you mentioned a lot of new IP titles that are coming out or have come out. I guess, what was the main driver of the strength in IP? And then how should we think about that trend through the rest of the year on IP? Thanks.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. Thanks, Jason. As far as IP goes, the beauty of what we have in our IP business, given it's an interface, more silicon proliferation, more chip starts, they need IP to connect the chip, inside the chip, the different blocks to each other and connect the chip to the outside world, and this is where we lead with our IP business. Now that being said, there are constant new standards that are being delivered in order to support the complexity and the performance requirements for be it an AI chip or any chip that goes into data center, et cetera. Multi-die is another factor. The moment you start stacking dice together in a package you need more and more interface IP to connect that multi-die package together. So those were the factors that were driving the IP opportunity and we are very confident that this secular trend with IP demand will continue as long as there is more demand for silicon and more sophisticated silicon.
Shelagh Glaser: Yes. And Jason, I would just add the shape of the year is a bit opposite from last year. Last year, we were very back-end loaded, as you recall. And this year, we're a little bit more towards the front of the year. And that's really driven, as we always talk about lumpy in IP because we're building those new standards that Sassine talked about every day. But then when the customers need it to ingest into their design, that's when we get those big pull downs.
Jason Celino: Okay. Appreciate that. Thank you both.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Jason.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay with Griffin Securities. The floor is yours.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you, good evening. So I've seen with the Ansys acquisition, you are, of course, pursuing the largest convergence event in the industry. But the question is, in the meantime, could you talk about the kind of internal resources or investments you were making anyway as you await the transaction in terms of new technologies, new methodologies to effectuate conversions even before the Ansys transaction closes, particularly for the target markets that is motivating the acquisition, such as aero, auto and industrial?
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. Excellent question, Jay. So I want to break it into two areas of investment. One in the core EDA, not only with multi-die 3DIC but even if you have a single die in a package, a homogeneous chip, when we started the collaboration with Ansys in 2017, the intention of that collaboration was to bring an industry leader sign-off technology to our design implementation portfolio. That did not mean we stopped investing in our own organic implementation portfolio because you need to integrate some key engines in order to correlate with the industry sign off. As the complexity since 2017 grew, our investments organically expanded in order to have engines sitting inside our Fusion design platform to correlate with the broadened touch points we created with Ansys from a simulation and sign-off standpoint. So that will continue in order to serve our customers deliver to a solution that they are looking in order to design and develop their products. So that's one bucket of investment. The second one, as we started expanding into new markets, automotive, driving our systems aspiration, the investment there was not only from the product side, was go-to-market investment as well in order to expand and call into a new set of customers like the automotive OEMs and other. And this is where we called out a month or so ago when we announced the Ansys acquisition that Ansys will bring in an acceleration of knowledge into that new market segments that they have an experience and brand selling into those markets. So those are the investments, both on the R&D side and the go-to-market side that we will continue on making until we closed the agreement and we start talking integration at the time.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. For the follow-up, one of the things that distinguishes your current business is the customer concentration. That is at least with one customer, Shelagh's former company. Over time, as AI becomes increasingly pervasive and all the other phenomena that you've talked about and that Aart talked about this morning at the IFS event, called, how do you foresee your customer concentration perhaps evolving in core EDA, IP and/or hardware over the next number of years. When you think about all the various trends, technology trends that you've been speaking about for some time, do you think the concentration gets more? Or do you think that you will have less customer concentration over time and set aside Ansys for the moment?
Sassine Ghazi: So Jay, just a correction, both Shelagh and I were alumina of Intel. I felt left out, so I had to correct you here. So I believe the market will go through phases of both verticalization and horizontalization. And the reason for that is when there's a new opportunity, you see many customers either are trying to build a complete stack of the platform. And you hear many of our traditional semiconductor chip companies talking about building a -- or delivering a system to their customers, delivering a platform to their customers. And when you see system companies are trying to go deeper into silicon to drive their own differentiation for their specific workload, specific application, et cetera. Regardless which direction it goes, for us, we benefit both ways because if the silicon customers are delivering more silicon and specialized silicon for these different market verticals, we sell them IP and EDA to deliver to those products. Same thing with the system companies, you know our concentration correct, that is focused on the chip companies that are working on the most complex SoCs because both are the guys that they spend at the end, most money to absorb the latest technology that we offer in order to deliver on these complicated chips. So I don't see it changing in the near term. Now if you fast forward five-plus years from now and many system companies have a very solid, broad semiconductor arm inside them will be an expanded opportunity for us to serve.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Jay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lee Simpson with Morgan Stanley. Lee, the floor is yours.
Lee Simpson: Great. Good evening, everyone. And thanks for fitting me in. Just really rolling back to a couple of things you mentioned on the product summary. I think you mentioned a gate all around work with a mobile SoC player and then went on to talk about 2-nanometer products with leading semis companies out of Asia. Great progress clearly there. And I guess I want to understand, how does this come through as we get closer to things like LTA 1, 2 nanometers or 2 more generally at TSMC, all of which seem to be standing up in the 2025 time frame. So that feels to me as though that could and should be a pretty decent secular driver into the back half of the year. Is that the right way to be looking at this? Or does this come further into '25?
Sassine Ghazi: So any time there is a new technology, in this case, the GA, the N2, 18A and maybe you heard Intel earlier today talking about 14A, fantastic opportunity for 2 reasons. In order for the customer to be able to explore that process technology innovation, even if they want to get a feel, do they want to move in the direction or not? Does it add value in terms of performance, power, et cetera? That technology, that process technology needs to be enabled. In order to be enabled, it means Synopsys needs to design its IP on that process technology and make sure that our EDA products are comprehending that new technology in order to deliver to the target performance power area of this pathology. So our work starts at least two years before we start talking about the GAA tape-out that I mentioned in the script in order to deliver the IP and e Design IP and making sure that our EDA products are available and ready. So you can think of it in the time frame that whenever you hear a new technology being introduced, process technology, there is an early, early effort to provide what is called the entitlement of that technology from a design point of view, and then you start seeing IP coming in, design start coming in around three, four months from announcement of technology from the leading foundries.
Lee Simpson: Great. That's pretty clear, at. And maybe just as a follow-up, when going back to the Ansys announcement that you made and some of the verticals that they play into Clearly, one of the main drivers that are happening around the automotive industry is this transition or migration to software-defined vehicles. And it does feel as software hardware decouples, there's a scope here for someone to drive standards, particularly in automotive testing -- sorry, particularly in software, having that fully tested before sent over-the-air. Could that be one of the ambitions for a deal like this? And does that behoove scale to drive standards through? I'm just trying to get my head around what the opportunity might be there in new standards.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. Lee, good question. We're actually at -- if you think at the software over-the-air update that is being pushed out to, say, a car. What is needed in order for that software to be implemented is for the hardware to be adaptable to the software changes that got pushed down. How do you know? Now let's assume you're an automotive OEM? How do you know the response or the reaction of that software update to the function of that system, the cost. And this is where we come in, where you look at tire electronic system of a car, we can model every chip. We can test every chip. So as the software is adaptable and changing, the automotive OEM will get a feel and validation to every change they make without having to change, of course, the chips and the actual silicon that is in the car. So that's really where we come in, is that's what we're referring to electronics digital twin, where we have the ability to model every aspect of the electronics, the chips and the car. So those automotive OEMs can do exactly what you described.
Lee Simpson: That's excellent. Thanks so much.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe with Baird. Joe, the floor is yours.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to go back to IP performance. Sassine, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned how AI is starting to lift growth around some of the core EDA software lines. I'm wondering if you can maybe do that but for IP and how AI development that customers are maybe starting to lift growth in your IP portfolio. And then related to that, I would imagine these are a lot of advanced IP applications. Is this starting to show up? And what could maybe be favorable price mix, I think it's interesting, if you look at margins over the last four quarters now is actually higher than the Design Automation segment. So there seems to be something going on there that's quite impressive.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. So maybe first, a comment because we did not get to that point where we are in overnight. We have built that business 25-years ago. Actually, if I'm not mistaken, this month, is our 25th year anniversary for that business with a scale that is truly serving our customers in an amazing way. And the reason I'm emphasizing on scale, the number of these standards that are required in order to keep up with the complexity of a chip, let's say, when you're talking about an AI chip, the bandwidth requirement to connect the chip to the memory to the networking part of it to the compute aspect of it is changing at a rapid, rapid pace. For us, that's a great opportunity because what it means any time you're going to the next version of that interface IP is a new opportunity to monetize because it's a new IP with an uplift in our pricing in order for our customer to get access to the latest and the greatest. So that's from our ability to execute and deliver high-quality IP to the customer when the customer needs it. Now the other part of your question, please look at the trailing 12 months. the IP, by its nature, it's pulled down where the customer consumes the IP out of typically what we call an FSA, a committed multiyear agreement that we have with the customer that they pull it down when they pulled the IP down when they need it. So naturally, you're going to see very, very strong quarter from either an operating margin or a revenue with a lumpiness where the next quarter may be significantly lower. But as you measure over trailing 12 months, you will absolutely see it up and to the right consistently.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. That's great. And then second question, just looking at your inventory balances, a pretty nice jump there, which I imagine relates just to your expectations on the hardware business looking forward. Any changes in those expectations here at the start of the year? And then I guess related to this, how do you think about the concept of hardware cycles at this point? In the past, there was an all-new platform generation and then upgrading along the way. So you would kind of get ebbs and flows, but we're now several years into a strong hardware environment. How do you see that progressing going forward?
Shelagh Glaser: Sure. So let me start, and then I'll hop on Sassine in, we did grow inventory about 17% quarter-on-quarter, and that's to align with -- we had a record hardware last year, we're anticipating another record hardware, hardware year and so we're building to ensure that we have proper supply to support our customers. And the reason that it's so important in our customer design is they're designing more and more complex chips, this allows them to help infuse into their design environment, the ability to model the software before they actually have the chips, so they can find issues and improve their essentially time to market. So it's an incredibly valuable capability for our customers. We want to make sure that we have sufficient hardware available to be able to support this next record year. And I would say the capability that we're delivering to our customers through hardware is something they value greatly was why we've been able to have record year after record year. In terms of the cycles, maybe, Sassine, do you want to comment on that?
Sassine Ghazi: Yes, sure. Joe, if you go back eight, 10 years ago, selling hardware to customers. The customers view viewed it at the time as an option. They could have gotten the job done without it, but they used it because it accelerated their efforts. You fast forward to now, there is no way a chip can go to tape-out, meaning to manufacturing without having many, many cycles of emulation and prototyping to make sure that you cover as much as possible in terms of verifying the chip before you committed to manufacturing. So it's no longer a ebbs and flows of demands around hardware. There's a constant need by our customers to expand their investment and support the latest and greatest systems in order to take advantage of ensuring that the silicon they get back from manufacturing is going to be functioning and working.
Joe Vruwink: Great, thank you very much.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Joe.
Shelagh Glaser: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harlan with JPMorgan. Harlan, the floor is yours.
Harlan Sur: Hi, good afternoon. Great start to the fiscal year. On the AI front, much of the focus has been on demand, data center, right, data center GPU, networking, custom ASICs focus there continue strong, but now we're seeing sort of this broadening of AI moving into edges and endpoints, right? So allow many of your semiconductor customers focused on smartphones, automotive, PCs, home assistance appliances like they're all humbling to add AI capabilities to their future trip road maps? I think it's resulting in more complex ship designs, more demand for high-performance IP, more systems-level analysis. Like is the team already seeing this in terms of any activity momentum, IP licensing engagements, maybe more potential opportunities for Ansys. I mean any color here would be helpful.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Harlan, for the question. Actually, that's exactly what we refer to as pervasive intelligence. Exactly what we -- when we talk about, we're entering and we are in the era of pervasive intelligence, it's more and more devices are interconnected and smart devices. So that exactly means the reference you made AI on the edge, et cetera, which requires more sophisticated silicon and a broader silicon proliferation of those advanced chips. And for our industry, for us, when you think about EDA and IP, that's a fantastic opportunity. And this is where when we make commentary that despite the ebbs and flows of the semiconductor market, the cyclical market, we don't see it because the design starts is tied to those R&D investments that customers are expanding for all these different applications. So absolutely, we're seeing it. We're engaged with those customers and when we start describing our company as silicon to systems in that era of pervasive intelligence is exactly the opportunity that we're talking about here.
Harlan Sur: Great insights there. And then on Ansys, looks like your -- looks like your customers' feedback has been, quite positive. We cover 20-something-odd semiconductor companies, and we've asked them about this, and they also seem to be positively inclined on the deal as well. And maybe you can tell me, as a further endorsement on the strategy, I mean, you did see, I think it was last week, right, Renesas, which is a major semiconductor company. They announced that they're going to acquire Altium, a PCB design and analysis company for $6 billion, right? Looks like the systems opportunity is so important that they decided to bring the design and analysis capability directly in-house. But maybe more importantly, I just wanted to know like what you're hearing from accesses large customers about the potential combination?
Sassine Ghazi: So the customer feedback has been truly overwhelmingly positive around 2 points they make. One, the challenges they're dealing with, they're looking for a deeper collaboration in order to solve the problems they're running into today. And as importantly, they're going to face into the future. So from a -- anticipated solution the way the customers are looking at current product and future products, they are looking forward to this combination. Now the second feedback that is consistent is what where you were touching on, which is the system level perspective which is, if you look at the various market verticals, you can argue each one of them is going to go through an inflection point at various points in time. If you fast forward seven, eight, 10-years from now and you pick an industry, let's say, industrial health, et cetera. They will go through that inflection point of transfer and digitizing their applications in order to be connected in order to be smarter devices in their application, et cetera. And this, again, where Ansys has a very strong presence. Because Synopsys for -- since its existence, we serve the chip design customer base. And of course, we extended into our system companies where today, about 45% of our business is with system companies, but those are system companies around hyperscalers and mobile primarily, many, many opportunities to expand with other system companies. And that's where Ansys will bring in more than just the silicon aspect that is needed for 3DIC, but that whole silicon to system modernization for the rest of the market verticals.
Harlan Sur: Great thanks, Sassine.
Sassine Ghazi: Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua of Wolfe Research. Joshua, the floor is yours.
Joshua Tilton: Hey guys, can you hear me?
Sassine Ghazi: Yes.
Joshua Tilton: Great. Actually, I really want to follow up on that last question about the customer feedback on the Ansys acquisition. Is the positive feedback that you're hearing from customers that currently don't leverage the benefits of the existing Ansys analysis partnership? Or are these existing customers of both Synopsys and Ansys?
Sassine Ghazi: They're both Synopsys and Ansys customers. Actually, I want to go back to give you the journey of the customer feedback. In 2017, when we announced the partnership, there was a lot of customer excitement, because the way we structured the platform is an open platform, meaning you can use the Ansys sign-off product that can plug Zen into the Fusion Design platform from Synopsys. And that same Ansys product can plug into other industry available platforms. Then as you move from 2017 to where we are today, that deeper, tighter integration is required not only for one or two products that Ansys is offering is for the broader portfolio. If you look at a multi-die package, the electronics aspect of it to design that multi-die package, you have a solution today that you can use from Synopsys plus Ansys and you're good. As it's going through manufacturing, what they're facing is mechanical stress issues, and those are issues where as you squeeze in those dice inside the package and you're running the software workload, it's overheating. Some of these dice are cracking or warping, et cetera. So it's very mechanical, intense challenge. We have the deeper integration will be required and needed, and that's what the customer is excited about. And when I say but deeper integration, this is where you need to move in actual algorithms and engines during the design phase, not only when you go into the later stage of the design for sign-off.
Joshua Tilton: Makes total sense. I guess my follow-up to that then is just are you seeing any signs from your existing Synopsys customers of excitement around customers who didn't leverage this partnership previously and now because of these integrations to come are like reaching out to you asking about the potential, the opportunities? And basically, is there any early signs that you're going to see incremental synopsis plus Ansys users and payers because of this partnership or this acquisition that will quite first point out.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. So Josh, what today, any advanced chip. And when I'm talking about advanced chip, I'm talking about 5-nanometer and below, AI, chip, et cetera, is already using Synopsys and Ansys. I cannot think of customers that are designing most advanced chip with the complexity I described that they are not leveraging Synopsys Fusion platform and Ansys. So they're already there. But given the complexity is going to be further increasing that deeper integration and addressing the challenges beyond the electronics is going to provide the opportunity where one plus one is more than two. That's from the core current chip semiconductor business perspective. Now the other part of your question, are there Ansys customers that today, they're not a synopsis customer? The answer is yes. There are many, many Ansys customers that we don't see them, by the way, becoming a Synopsys customer in the next one or two years, but there are going to be many other, that they will be a Synopsys customer regardless if they are designing a chip or not. I'll give you an example. If you are an industrial OEM and today, you are an Ansys customer because you're using Ansys to design the mechanical aspect, et cetera, of your product. And you want to move to the next level of product delivery where you have more chip content in order to support connected robot, let's say, and a connected and smarter device. Even if you're not developing the chip, you're going to need an ability to model that chip to verify that chip back to the example of automotive and over-the-air software updates. Those industries are going to move in that direction. And this is where Ansys has a very broad presence that presence, that market knowledge, that brand that they have will absolutely expand the Synopsys market in the future, where it's an Ansys customer, but not a Synopsys customer.
Joshua Tilton: So just to be clear, the opportunity is more about making Ansys customers that aren't Synopsys customers, Ansys plus Synopsys customers and less about making Synopsys, Synopsys for a customer.
Sassine Ghazi: It's both. And there are Synopsys customers that today, they're using part of the Ansys portfolio and more you integrate the Ansys portfolio into a current Synopsys platform, you're going to expand it. For example, the fluid dynamics inside the chip or a mechanical stress challenge that you need to deeper integrate into a Synopsys platform that will expand the one plus one will be greater than two.
Shelagh Glaser: Yes. And Josh, what we shared in the announced that by year four, we'll have a run rate of $400 million in synergies. It was cross-sell both ways is a big part of that. And then as Sassine's talking about that multi-die that is further monetization inside an existing customer because that's a more integrated solution than they're currently able to for either one of us individually.
Trey Campbell: Thanks, Josh. I just want to thank everybody for coming on the call today. And again, I remind you that we're less than a month from our investor meeting, and we look forward to seeing a bunch of you here in the Bay Area or if you can, at least join our webcast. So we look forward to talking with you then. So thanks for coming to the call, and we'll talk to you soon.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. Thank you, everyone.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that ends today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-11-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Trey Campbell, Senior Vice President, Invest Relations. Please go ahead.
Trey Campbell: Thanks Lisa. Good afternoon everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chair and CEO of Synopsys; Sassine Ghazi, President and COO; and Shelagh Glaser, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets, and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties. That could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation, are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on our website at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. In Q4, we exceeded the high end of all our guidance targets and delivered another quarterly revenue high at $1.599 billion. Q4 thus capped a record year, growing revenue by 15% to $5.84 billion, with strong orders expanding backlog by $1.5 billion to $8.6 billion. We further improved non-GAAP operating margin to 35.1%, increased non-GAAP EPS by 26%, generated $1.7 billion in operating cash flow while maintaining an exceptionally strong balance sheet. Clearly, Synopsys has moved forward with sustained momentum. Over the last five years, we've grown revenue at 13% CAGR, expanded non-GAAP operating margin by 13 points, and increased non-GAAP EPS at a 23% CAGR. Through the year, we also widened our differentiation by substantially expanding our AI-driven product capabilities, but also through unique collaborations that strengthened our customers' differentiation while cementing deep long-term relationships. We thank our employees for their passion and dedication, and our customers for their business and trust in Synopsys. Meanwhile, dark geopolitical clouds are inflicting unimaginable harm in multiple conflict zones. Our hearts hurt with deep compassion for our employees, families, colleagues, customers, and all others impacted by pain, loss, and uncertainty. Yet, we will never give up believing in the positive potential of humanity. It is thus heartwarming to see how fast our teams have turned compassion into caring, caring into action, and how respect and support for each other is an active norm at Synopsys. Let me now briefly share some thoughts on the state of the industry and our company before I pass the baton to Sassine. From the first days of Synopsys 37 years ago, Synopsys has enabled and navigated the exponential ambition that came to be defining the semiconductor industry and which in turn radically impacted the world. Our initial contribution, synthesis, revolutionized digital design. We ushered in the transition from CAD, Computer Aided Design, to EDA, Electronic Design Automation, so far delivering roughly a 10 million X increase in design productivity. During Synopsys' entire existence, the vast majority of our products have been the state-of-the-art. Together with the leading foundries, we thus empowered digital age exponential, referred to as Moore's Law. And then at the very moment that the economics of classic Moore's Law are slowing down in terms of transistor performance and cost improvements, the era of big data and AI becomes real, triggering enormous compute needs on the horizon. About eight years ago, Synopsys forecasted this age of smart everything would become the driver for the semiconductor growth to a trillion dollars in this decade. And here we are. This year's Generative AI advances and furious adoption clearly fulfill our vision. As Pervasive AI is now massively underway, the classic Moore's Law era in turn is morphing into the SysMoore era, systemic complexity but still with a Moore's Law exponential ambition. SysMoore is happening in front of our eyes by reinventing architectures not based on a single chip, but on multiple chips, tightly connected, or even stacked on top of each other with extreme proximity. These so-called software-defined multi-die architectures will enable massive increases in the number of transistors available. And again, Synopsys is at the heart of the heart of catalyzing exponential impact. Our investments in multi-die design, our massive collection of IP building blocks in many silicon technology, our prototyping and electronic digital twinning technology that lets customers run software before the hardware actually exists, are all essential enablers driving the new race into AI driven computation. Adding one more spark to our technical leadership, Synopsys also pioneered the use of DeepLearning.AI in chip design. Applied to optimization, verification, and test, production results are outstanding, and adoption is broad and rapid. Most recently, our announcement of exciting GenAI capabilities adds yet another angle to driving the state-of-the-art forward. If nothing else, my enthusiasm for both the CISMO opportunity and for our technology advances should give you a sense how Synopsys is on the move. Talking about on the move, we're also well on the way in our executive leadership transition. I have great confidence, expectations, and enthusiasm for Sassine Ghazi as our next CEO. Sassine, please give us your perspective, vision and ambition for Synopsys. The floor is all yours.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Aart, for your pioneering work in our industry and for building Synopsys into one of the world's essential semiconductor ecosystem companies. I am profoundly grateful for the opportunity to succeed you as CEO, building on our strong foundation and propelling Synopsys to the next wave of growth. Let's turn to market trends. Despite global macroeconomic uncertainty, our customers continue to prioritize R&D investments and chip design starts remain robust. We leave 2023 with $8.6 billion in non-cancellable backlog, and have a time-tested business model that balances dynamic growth with macro resiliency. We expect solid growth across our geographies in 2024. But our outlook reflects a continued challenging near-term growth environment in China. China is an adaptable and large market. However, given the combination of Entity List and technology restrictions and a weaker macroeconomic outlook, we believe more pragmatism in our 2024 China forecast is appropriate. Technology trends continue to create a rising tide for our business. Chief among those trends is a new era of AI driven productivity. AI is reshaping industries and providing breakthrough solutions for intractable challenges, like the 15% to 30% percent design resource shortage the semiconductor is facing this decade. We pioneered AI driven semiconductor design and are relentlessly advancing our AI capabilities so that we can drive step-up function improvement in our customers’ productivity and thus play a greater role in their success. Recently, at Microsoft's Ignite conference, we announced a breakthrough Generative AI capability for accelerating chip design, Synopsys.ai Copilot. The new capability is the result of a strategic collaboration with Microsoft to integrate Azure service that brings the power of GenAI into one of the most complex engineering challenges, the design process for semiconductors. The integration of GenAI across Synopsys.ai provides chip designers with collaborative capabilities that offer expert tool guidance, generative capabilities to enable RTL and collateral creation, and fully autonomous capabilities for workflow creation from natural language. We're engaged with leading chip makers, including AMD, Intel, and Microsoft, to deliver the value of GenAI across the Synopsys.ai full EDA stack from design, verification, test to manufacturing. We are at a very early stage of this new AI era, but our initial customer results are exceptional. AI is key to massively unlocking customer productivity, and we are increasing our investment to accelerate the Synopsys.ai roadmap. Beyond AI, we see multiple other secular tailwinds providing our design automation and Design IP business expanding growth opportunities. With the slowing of Moore's Law, increasingly, architecture and design automation are the main levers in delivering semiconductor PPA gains, even as insatiable use case demands push the frontiers of performance and performance per watt. Multi-die implementations are accelerating as our customers seek to optimize cost and yield for these large complex designs. And our customers who rely on our critical competencies from silicon to software, now require a systems level approach, both at the semiconductor device level with multi-die and in the electronic design, software bring-up, and software validation of full systems, like today's software defined cars. Our Design IP business also has strong wind in its sails. Applications crave ever faster ingest and throughput, resulting in faster protocol migrations and increasing IP content value per device. Customers are prioritizing scarce design resources to focus on their critical architectural differentiation and turning to us as an integral part of their chip design development teams for their foundation and interface IP needs. And now, all three leading edge foundries are making Synopsys the advanced node IP vendor of choice. They are partnering with us on a broad range of IP titles to minimize risk and accelerate silicon success. Our design automation and Design IP businesses have both leadership technology and market positions with industry trends playing to our strengths. We're increasing our investment in these segments to capture more of this growing TAM. We started our investments in software integrity with the acquisition of Coverity in 2014. Software security was a pain point for every company, and risk surfaces were expanding. Customers were searching for innovative approaches in quality and security testing to help reduce the risk of software failures and security breaches. And we developed the broadest portfolio to meet that need. Flash forward to today, our software integrity business has become the leader in application security testing with industry leading team delivering over $0.5 billion in trailing 12 months revenue at mid-teens non-GAAP operating margin. We are proud of the significant progress we've made over the last nine years and believe the future opportunity remains attractive. At the same time, we have compelling investment opportunities in design automation and Design IT with much higher expected growth and return profiles. Following our strategic portfolio review and in consultation with the company's Board of Directors, we have decided to explore strategic alternatives for the software integrity business. As part of this process, we're considering full range of strategic opportunities. We will provide an update after we conclude that process. Based on these market and technology trends and with high confidence in our business, here are our 2024 guidance targets. We expect 2024 revenue between $6.57 and $6.63 billion. We expect to deliver 37% non-GAAP operating margin, a 200 basis point improvement versus last year. We expect full year non-GAAP EPS between $13.33 and $13.41. Shelagh will discuss the financials in more detail. Now I'll share some segment highlights starting with design automation. This quarter, Synopsys.ai was selected by AspenCore to receive the World Electronics Achievement Award for EDA Software of the Year. We're proud of the recognition, but even more excited by the strong customer adoption for Synopsys.ai across the design flow. A major North American hyperscaler made a major commitment to use DSO.ai after demonstrating PPA and productivity benefits on consecutive HPC projects. In verification, we engaged with over 20 customers in Q4, demonstrating up to 10x faster turnaround time. While in test, we added eight new customer engagements with [KIOXIA] (ph) publicly highlighting more than 50% pattern reduction. Finally, we and TSMC announced that our analog migration flow through Synopsys.ai is enabled across TSMC's advanced process technologies. We are also seeing great results deploying Synopsys.ai internally with our IP teams. Internal IP teams are seeing 10x turnaround time improvements in time to target verification coverage and have deployed analog design migration flows for TSMC 2 nanometer. Fusion Compiler continues to win key designs including the leading edge Arm mobile core for the industry's first implementation for a gate-all-around based mobile SoC. In combination with DSO.ai, Fusion Compiler also delivered 10% better power on gate-all-around based mobile GPU and modem designs. We saw continued momentum in sign-off, delivered by our leadership family of prime tools. We won multiple engagements with PrimeTime, PrimeClosure, and PrimeShield, and saw the world's top three data center providers adopt PrimeClosure to get the fastest ECO closure time for five 3-nanometer SoCs. Expanding our multi-die ecosystem, we received the prestigious leadership award from TSMC, OIP 2023 Partner of the Year, for developing the industry's first 3D IC design prototyping solution, supporting the new industry standard 3D blocks. Verification, product momentum also remains strong. This quarter, we announced our AI-driven next generation Verdi solution, which continues its lead in functional debug with deployment already at more than top semiconductor companies. In hardware assisted verification, we delivered another record year. In Q4, ZeBu won against competition at two large North American hyperscalers, and we expanded our HAPS footprint with a large North American systems company and a large Asian semiconductor company. Now turning to Design IP. This quarter, we won our first 2-nanometer interface IP engagement with a leading mobile company and are now in production at 3 nanometer with foundation IP for a high-volume PC chip. We delivered a key multi-die proof point in concert with Intel and TSMC on UCIe interoperability. The demonstration at Intel Innovation showed die-to-die interconnect over UCIe between Synopsys IP on TSMC and 3E and Intel Foundry Silicon. We saw two other key technology proof points this quarter. We demonstrated interoperability for our 224 gig Ethernet PHY IP and PCIe 6.0 IP, both industry firsts. On the processor IP side, we announced a new addition to the ARC processor IP portfolio, the RISC-V ARC-V processor IP. This product allows customers to choose from a broad range of flexible, extensible processor options that deliver optimal power performance efficiency for their target applications. Finally, we delivered a significant win in automotive, displacing competition at a marquee customer in a multi-generation, multiple project agreement. Now, to the software integrity segment, which delivered solid growth against the backdrop of continued macro headwinds for enterprise software. In Q4, we saw over 50% year-over-year growth in our Polaris software integrity platform. Polaris is a SaaS based application security testing solution optimized for the needs of development and DevSecOps teams. We were also recently recognized as a leader in the Forrester Wave for Software Composition Analysis. This was based on an evaluation of Black Duck, our software composition analysis solution. In summary, we had an outstanding Q4 and FY 2023 financial results and operational execution and take tremendous forward momentum into 2024. We have a resilient business model and our customers continue to prioritize investments in the chips and systems that position them for future growth. We are aligning our portfolio investment with the greatest return potential to accelerate our growth, deepest thanks to our employees, partners, and customers for their passion and commitment. With that, I'll turn it over to Shelagh.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you, Sassine. 2023 was an excellent year highlighted by record revenue, record non-GAAP operating margin, and record earnings. We continue our strong execution with financial discipline and are confident in our business heading into 2024, driven by our execution and leadership position across our segment, robust chip and system design activity by our customers who continue to invest through semiconductor cycles and with $8.6 billion in non-cancellable backlog, the stability and resilience of our time-based business model. As a result, while the macro environment is uncertain. We expect to grow revenue 12.4% to 13.5%, expand non-GAAP operating margin by approximately 2 percentage points, and drive non-GAAP PPS growth of 19% to 20% in 2024. Let me provide some highlights of our full year 2023 results. We generated total revenue of $5.84 billion, up 15% over the prior year, with double digit growth across all key products and geographies. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $4.6 billion and total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $3.8 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 35.1%. GAAP earnings per share were $7.92 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $11.19, up 26% year-over-year. Now onto our segment. Design automation segment revenue was $3.78 billion, up 14% driven by strengths in EDA software and hardware. Design automation adjusted operating margin was 38.1%. Design IP segment revenue was $1.54 billion, up 17%, driven by broad-based strength. Design IP adjusted operating margin was 34.5%. Software integrity revenue was $525 million, up 13%, and adjusted operating margin was 14.5%. Turning to cash. Operating cash flow for the year was $1.7 billion. We ended the year with cash and short-term investment of $1.59 billion and total debt of $18 million. During the year we completed buybacks of $1.2 billion or 80% of free cash. Now to targets which reflect the impact from export control regulations and assume no further changes for the year. Based on our current assessment of timing of hardware and IP deliveries, we expect the first half, second half split of approximately 48% to 52% for revenue and non-GAAP EPS. For fiscal year 2024, the full year targets are revenue of $6.57 billion to $6.63 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $5.0 billion and $5.05 billion, total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $4.14 billion and $4.18 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin improvement of roughly 2 percentage points, non-GAAP tax rate of 15%, GAAP earnings of $9.07 to $9.25 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $13.33 to $13.41. Cash flow from operations of approximately $1.4 billion, which includes an impact of approximately $200 million of 2023 taxes that we will pay in ‘24 and approximately $400 million of higher cash taxes due to the amortization of R&D expense. Following 2024, we expect cash tax growth rate to be approximately in line with operating income growth over a multi-year period. Now to targets for the first quarter, which includes an extra week compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2023. Revenue between $1.63 billion and $1.66 billion, which includes approximately $70 million from the extra week. Total GAAP cost and expenses between $1.22 billion and $1.24 billion, total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $1.02 billion and $1.03 billion, GAAP earnings of $2.40 to $2.50 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $3.40 to $3.45 per share, including approximately $0.14 from the extra week. Our press release and financial supplement include additional targets and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation. I also want to highlight that we will be hosting our Investor Day on March 20th, which will be held in conjunction with our Synopsys Users Group event in Santa Clara. We look forward to seeing many of you there. In conclusion, we entered 2024 with momentum and confidence, reflecting our leadership position across our segments, robust design activity by our customers who continue to invest through semiconductor cycles, and the stability and resiliency of our time-based business line. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Harlan Sur with JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and congratulations on the strong execution and fiscal ‘24 guidance.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Harlan Sur: You're welcome. Hardware verification, emulation, prototyping, I mean, this has been a big contributor to your double digits revenue growth profile over the past number of years. Lots of customers focusing on verification on these very complex chip designs, a lot of them wanting to get a head start on the embedded and application software development. Is the team anticipating another strong year next year for hardware? Will it be growing at a double-digit sort of growth rate within your fiscal ‘24 guidance? And if I look at inventories, right, they're up 53% year-over-year to kind of record levels, which I think is a good indicator of a strong hardware pipeline, but wanted to get your views.
Sassine Ghazi: Yeah, thanks for the question. In terms of the need, exactly the way you highlighted it, the requirement to develop software early and having a hardware assisted verification to enable that step in the process is not only continuing, is accelerating with many system companies are trying to design their chip or even if they're getting a chip from a semiconductor company, they want to start their software development and verification of the system early. And this is where our HAPS and ZeBu platform comes in to enable that part of the solution. We're anticipating that to continue into 2024. As you saw as well, we had a record year for our hardware-assisted verification in ‘23, and we don't anticipate anything different that will change going into 2024. As for the inventory comment, I'll turn it to Shelagh for comments.
Shelagh Glaser: Sure, as Sassine said, we had a record in 2023. We expect another record in 2024, and we're building inventory to be able to fulfill our customer demands.
Harlan Sur: Perfect. And maybe a similar question on your IP business, strong growth last year, right, up 17% going forward. I mean just continued tailwinds, right? Chip design complexity, driving more reliance on off-the-shelf IP licensing. And just as importantly, right, there's some pretty big transitions on the interface and connectivity side, PCIe Gen 5, CXL, DDR5, HBM3e. Looking at your pipeline backlog, customer programs, will the IP business be growing slower, faster in line with the fiscal '24 sort of total revenue profile?
Sassine Ghazi: So again, exactly the way you're outlining the requirement, there is two factors. There's the complexity and then there is the different methods of designing an SoC or chip with multi-die is opening up the door for new protocols, UCIE, the PCIe, the CXL, the one that you've listed. There are different protocols for various markets for automotive. As they expand their sophistication in developing the electronic system, it requires different requirements for the IP, interface IP for an automotive application. What we outlined in the script as well is today, we are the leading supplier for TSMC, Samsung and Intel Foundry business. And that puts us in a great position because most of these complex chip developments are on these advanced foundries. And today, we are in a very fortunate position to be the partner and the leader in providing the IP for that business. So we expect that growth to continue, given the market demand for the sophisticated chips will continue.
Harlan Sur: Great insights. Thank you.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joe Vruwink with Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. I maybe want to start by parsing out some of the demand commentary. So first, there was a big step-up in backlog. I'd imagine that bodes well for 2024 and 2025 positive for revenue. At the same time, maybe the incremental moderation you're signaling in China, as I think about just the last 12 months, I think China contributed about 2 points worth of revenue growth, just the incremental revenue contribution from China. So arriving at the 13% growth guidance, are you really seeing kind of good strength, something better than 13% and then China is maybe just a more neutral factor in your outlook?
Sassine Ghazi: We really took a balanced approach as we look at the guidance and the forecast for FY '24. We took into account some of the headwinds that we're seeing and of course, the number of the tailwinds that we are observing in the market. A couple of the headwinds, as we mentioned, one of them is China. And the two factors. One is the continued export restrictions and the other one that I'm sure all of you are observing, which is the macro economy inside China. The other headwind we took into account is the continued stress and pressure from enterprise software spending that does impact our software integrity business. From tailwinds, and this is where we get excited about is exactly what we're seeing, the AI as a megatrend is driving amazing silicon demand and that silicon demand is complex. It's on the most advanced nodes and it's giving us an amazing opportunity for our design automation and design IP. So as we took into account the both headwinds and the tailwinds. We came with a balanced view of the guidance around 13% midpoint for FY '24.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. That's clear. Thank you. And then just on the topic of Generative AI, I did want to maybe get your take, if it's possible to contrast just the pace of product development incorporating such a technology relative to what you've done in the past? And I guess the context for this question, as I think back to DAC in July, there were actually members of the Microsoft verification team speaking about how they wanted more robust tools from their EDA vendors that incorporated GenAI and we're not very far from July. And here you are with a product in conjunction with Microsoft and now Microsoft verification is using this in their workflows. So it seems like a very quick turnaround. Is it that much quicker than maybe what Synopsys was able to do in the past?
Sassine Ghazi: Maybe we made it look too easy, Joe, but there was a lot of work that started well ahead of the DAC time frame. If I take a quick step back, when we talk about Synopys.ai, there are really four pillars under it. The one that we -- the first one we did produce was DSO.ai in the 2020 time frame. That was focused mostly on optimizing the -- our product and using every opportunity to leverage machine learning and AI in the product and around the product. The second pillar, which is what we're calling a collaborative capability using Gen AI, and that's what we announced with Microsoft, which is using a CoPilot approach for supporting our users for knowledge-based or workflow-based or results co-pilot and assistance. And that's in our announcement where AMD, Intel, Microsoft were some of the early users of the technology. Then we talked a little bit about what's coming down the path, which is around both generative and autonomous capability using Gen AI and natural language. We're super excited actually about the early results we're seeing with the co-pilot in terms of the productivity of our customers and users.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Thank you very much.
Sassine Ghazi: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my questions. If I remove the -- I think you said about $17 million or so impact of the extra week, you're guiding to roughly 12% sales growth right, which seems to be very conservative relative to the strong backlog that you have built up. So I'm curious, Sassine, I think you mentioned the impact of China and enterprise software and AI is kind of neutral, but then when I look at the 12% growth that is lower than what you had in the last three years, even though there is all this AI excitement that's starting now, so is it conservative? How should we kind of put this 12% in the context of the kind of growth rates we are used to seeing from Synopsys over the last three years?
Shelagh Glaser: So, Vik, thanks for the question. This is Shelagh. I'll jump in on that. So we're obviously taking a balanced stance as Sassine had talked about at the we're at a 13% growth year-over-year. And we're seeing design automation, Design IP have incredibly strong momentum. You mentioned the $8.6 billion backlog. We're seeing that growth in line with our long-term targets. And we're seeing AI as a catalyst, but it's in its early inning. So we think it's a long-term growth catalyst. And we're looking forward to having it be able to help drive our business over the horizon. But the two headwinds are China, as we've talked about the macro situation in China and the restrictions that have been imposed on China, are having some dampening effect. We expect China to grow in '24, but at a lesser rate than it grew in '23. And the other headwind that we have is we are expecting a muted environment for enterprise software spend to impact our software integrity business, and we're assuming that, that business will be single-digit growth in 2024. So it's the combination of those headwinds and tailwinds that's leading to our 13% growth rate at the midpoint.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up, the AI Copilot seems like a very interesting new product. I'm curious what is the right way to track how you are able to monetize it? Are you selling it as incremental feature? Are you selling it as a separate tool? What is the right way to just kind of track how successful you are with this capability?
Sassine Ghazi: So the way we're thinking and we expect this over the last few calls, which is AI will be offered to our customers through a subscription license, meaning, if a customer wants to use an AI capability, be it a DSO.ai or VSO.ai, it will be offered as an incremental spend for the customer to get access to that technology. And in some early adopter cases where they’re still not ready to make the long-term commitment, we're offering it as well in terms of consumption base. They may be looking for one project to use it, et cetera. And the Copilot in particular case, it's still be early, fairly maybe early stage in terms of us to talk about monetization and how is it contributing overall. But those are the flexibility tools per se, we're providing the customer to get access to it.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Vivek.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason Celino with KeyBanc.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for taking my question. The backlog number, it's quite impressive. Looking back at the last couple of years, it looks like it's sequentially the biggest quarter-over-quarter increase we've ever seen, up 20% year-over-year. Just wanted to check how much of this has been driven just from the AI design activity or the AI tool revenue. It sounds like it was more broad-based, but just wanted to check.
Sassine Ghazi: With AI, we communicated last quarter that what we're observing on average and that average emphasizing the average because in some cases, we were seeing a much bigger number or a lesser number. About 20% contract-over-contract growth when a customer is renewing their EDA agreement and asking for the AI capability to be added. The other point that I made earlier with Vivek, I'd like to emphasize as well, that we are in early stages of that monetization with AI. We still have customers that they are in early adoption, meaning if they have x number of projects, they may be using it on one or two projects and other customers, they started early and they're going more aggressively. But to give you a sense, it's roughly 20% on the EDA side contract-over-contract growth we're observing.
Jason Celino: Okay. Interesting. Thank you. And then one question on the OCF guidance. It will be down next year. Are you saying that there's a $600 million headwind from cash taxes and then additional amortization and then are you saying it's going to grow just in line with net income growth that you're after? Can you clarify?
Shelagh Glaser: Yeah, Jason, thanks for the question. So the total impact from taxes is $600 million as we're moving to the new tax guidance where R&D is capitalized. Out of that $600 million, $200 million of it was payable in November. We've already paid it, which was for 2023 and then $400 million of that $600 million is for 2024. And again, both of those are impacted by the amortization of R&D. As we move forward, as we move into 2025 and beyond, we anticipate that the growth of the cash tax rate will align with the growth the growth of our operating income. So there is a bit of a big step up this year. We do not anticipate that same level step up as we move forward.
Jason Celino: Got it. But this is the new base level, right?
Shelagh Glaser: It is because we're now going forward for the foreseeable future, we will be amortizing R&D. And for us, about half of our R&D is in the US and about half of our R&D is outside the US. So that new scheme is with us for the foreseeable future.
Jason Celino: Got you. Okay, great. Thank you.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. For Aart and Sassine, first and a financial follow-up for Shelagh. For Aart and Sassine, one of the tailwinds that you've had for the last number of years, and we've spoken about this often is what you've referred to as domain-specific architectures on the part of your customers or specialty chips. And AI is probably a very special case of that. The question is, how do you think the whole phenomenon of the main specific design at either the chip or system level is going to be fundamentally altered by the AI phenomenon? And in turn, what does it mean for any additional investments you need to make outside of R&D, for example, in AE capacity services, et cetera?
Sassine Ghazi: Yeah. Thank you, Jay, for the question. You're right. The whole domain-specific architecture I want to say, about six, seven years ago, we started seeing a number of customers investing in it, mostly hyperscalers. And you can argue before that couple of the mobile companies started optimizing based on their own system software optimizing their silicon. With the hyperscalers, initially, the target was -- can they -- based on the workload -- on a specific workload, can they develop a chip that is more effective for power, performance cost, et cetera. And the answer is yes, and they made a number of these investments. Now you're seeing another wave of expanded investment around AI and how can they train the models that they are creating for, again, their specific applications. And I'm sure you've noticed in the last couple of weeks almost the top three hyperscalers announced their own silicon investments and chips for AI specific training to drive more optimization and efficiency for their work loans. What that means for Synopsys is not only it's another chip that our customer base is investing in, which drives both EDA and IP, typically, they are the most advanced node and different methodology in many cases, they're pushing towards multi-die and chiplets, which opens up the door for IP and the comments I made earlier. From our solution point of view, yes, we're expanding the solution offering to enable our customers to design these complex chips. On IP, I want to say it's fairly straightforward. You deliver [to] (ph) standards to connect these chips. But the work is not straightforward, but the road map is fairly straightforward what you need to do. On the EDA side, we have a number of those customers using 3DIC Compiler, which gives them the ability to architect that chip for that system in that case. SLM, the silicon life cycle management to give them the ability to trace the health and the connectivity of these dives into the system and all the way in the field or in the hyperscale case as it sits into their data center and it's up and running. So we have a number of expansions in our portfolio in order to support these opportunities. And that's why we are bullish and excited about the opportunity to continue the growth for design, automation and design IP.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: For Shelagh, one of the largest components of your backlog has been FSAs which are, I would assume, largely related to IP. Is there any reason to believe that in future, the pull down of FSAs for IP consumption would be faster or larger than has been the case to date? And for that matter, were FSAs a large component of the $1.5 billion sequential increase in backlog that you noted?
Shelagh Glaser: There's not a -- I wouldn't note a different percent of FSAs. It's certainly something that many of our customers who are purchasing IP prefer that model, but there's not a different mix.
Sassine Ghazi: Thanks, Jay.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you, Jay.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Charles Shi with Needham.
Charles Shi: Hi, good afternoon and congrats on the very strong results, guidance and the backlog number. I want to ask a little bit -- I think a little bit more into the backlog number because you have relatively consistent, I mean, ratios in terms of how much backlog goes into RPO, how much RPO goes into current RPO and how much the current RPO covers next year's revenue. With that, at the same ratio as in the past few years, I thought you would have guided a little bit higher given that $8.6 billion backlog. So how should I reconcile this? Is it something like at this time, the average contract duration is a little bit longer within that $8.6 billion backlog? Or there's some conservatism around what will you want to guide for '24? Thanks.
Shelagh Glaser: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So the backlog was broad-based. It was across multiple customers. And as Sassine said, some of them was larger renewals and new deals that we booked. There was -- there's no change in the duration in our contracts. So there's no change from our typical duration. As we were putting the forecast together for the year, we are really balancing the headwinds and tailwinds that we're seeing in the business, and we're seeing because of the backlog, we're seeing very strong momentum in the core business in design automation and Design IP where we're seeing the headwinds is on China, in particular, which obviously has been a large growth driver for us for the last several years. We're seeing that growth rate slower and then the other one is SIG, which the Software Integrity business is still -- we anticipate going to be impacted by a difficult software enterprise purchasing environment. And so that's why we've got that business forecast at single-digit growth. So it's really the balancing of those things. But we are seeing design automation and design IP aligned with our long-term goals for those businesses.
Charles Shi: Got it.
Shelagh Glaser: Thanks for the question.
Charles Shi: Yeah. Maybe a quick follow-up on the half-over-half profile for next year because I mean, I would think that EDA revenue, I mean, because of its time-based nature and you guys keep signing bigger contracts, you tend to be like up to the right kind of profile through the year, but your relatively flattish half-over-half profile seems to suggest that the IP, maybe some of the hardware is going to be a little bit front half loaded. Is that the case? And why is that a thing?
Shelagh Glaser: Yeah. It's really just the balance of how we see the customers wanting to ingest our hardware and our IP business. So it's fairly aligned also with what we saw in '23 and fairly aligned with what we saw in '21.
Sassine Ghazi: Maybe, Charles, if I -- I'll add a couple of comments to what Shelagh just said. Rough numbers, our design automation is about 65% of our business and then Design IP, 25% and software integrity 10%. And the $8.6 billion is mostly those agreements in EDA and IP. And given the large percentage of the overall revenue we have, which is 25% is IP, there's a different pull down and development of the IP, especially on the advanced nodes, when we're talking about we're developing our IP portfolio on the most advanced foundries, from the day you find an agreement to the day you deliver, there's a time lapse by when that you deliver the IP and you get the pull down. So while the backlog number, the $8.6 billion is large, we need to get, I would say, used to that the consumption for EDA and IP would be very different across that backlog number. And the timing of the renewal et cetera, et cetera.
Trey Campbell: Thanks, Charles. Let's do one more question and then if you could turn it back over to me, Lisa.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Gianmarco Conti with Deutsche Bank.
Gianmarco Conti: Hi, there. Thank you for taking the questions. So I guess the first one would be, how should we think about the recurring revenue rate into 2024? Is it fair to assume that given that we're expecting another record [hard year] (ph) into '24, it will inch closer to 80%. And secondly, could you provide some more color on the SIG strategic initiatives that you're considering?
Sassine Ghazi: Maybe I'll talk about the SIG initiative, and Shelagh will comment on the backlog. The -- what we've said in the remarks that we went through a strategic portfolio review, just to put some context around what we went through. As I stated earlier, we have the three business segments and we are truly fortunate that we have a leading position in each one of those segments. As we look at the opportunities over the next five to 10 years of these market segments, I cannot express how excited we are about the opportunities we have in design automation and design IP. And the more we can expand our portfolio within these market segments. So that led us to discuss and make a decision to explore the strategic alternatives for software integrity to put priority of where to make our investments and where we believe there's a higher ROI for the investments based on the 90% of our portfolio between the design automation and design IP business segments. So that's really the process that we went through in order to get to that point.
Shelagh Glaser: Yeah. And I would add that on the recurring revenue question, we're not expecting a substantial change in that. We've had a record hardware year in '22 and '23, and we're expecting another one in '24, but the overall business is growing too. So it won't substantially change the mix of recurring revenue. Thank you for the question.
Trey Campbell: Thanks, Johnny. Let me turn it over to Aart for some closing remarks.
Aart de Geus: Thank you. A couple of personal words in closure here. Since the IPO in 1992, this is my 128th earnings call. I did not miss a single one, but I suspect that literally only Jay Vleeschhouwer remembers exactly what was said at each one of these calls. So a big thank you to you, Jay. But really huge gratitude to all of you for your feedback, you have write-ups, your advocacy on the market, but also for never giving up on asking questions where you perfectly well know that we will never answer them. So I really hope that you will keep that up with Sassine. But more importantly, a gratitude for having been travel made and family members in raising this fragile Synopsys start-up child into the strong worldwide market and technology leader that is today. Thank you. Now some CEO transitions are hard, but I think we're doing very well. Sassine is the perfect choice for CEO. He already leads with ambition, heart and smart and of course, his 25 years of experience at Synopsys is comprehended is complemented, I should say, by great customer relationships and very importantly, trust. Sassine has my respect, my enthusiasm and my full support. So please give him your support as well. With that, I look forward to from time to time, touching base with you, so until then, be well and thank you very much.
Trey Campbell: Thanks, everyone, for joining the call. Lisa, can you close this out?
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-08-16 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of Fiscal year 2023. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call will last 1 hour. And as a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Trey Campbell, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Trey Campbell: Thanks, Lisa. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart De Geus, Chair and CEO of Synopsys; Sassine Ghazi, President and COO; and Shelagh Glaser, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on our website at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. We delivered outstanding results in the third quarter, exceeding the midpoint of all our guidance targets, while reaching another quarterly revenue record. Revenue of $1.487 billion was in the high end of our guidance with non-GAAP operating margin at 35.3%. GAAP earnings per share was $2.17, while non-GAAP earnings per share was above our target range at $2.88. We generated $560 million of operating cash flow, ended Q3 with a backlog of $7.1 billion. By now, you have all seen our other news. So before I address our segment results and outlook, let me warmly welcome Sassine Ghazi to the call. Today, we announced that the Synopsys Board has named Sassine as Synopsys President and CEO starting January 2024, and that I will take the role of Executive Chair of Synopsys Board at the same time. I'm absolutely thrilled with this transition into the CEO role for Sassine. Sassine is uniquely qualified. He is a proven operational leader, a technology innovator and a trusted partner to our customers and ecosystem friends, but he is so much more than that. He embodies our values and culture, and inspires our company, including me, with his results focused leadership. Sassine, welcome to your first of many Synopsys earnings calls.
Sassine Ghazi: Thanks, Aart. I'm incredibly honored, humbled and profoundly grateful to the Board and you, Aart, for placing your unwavering trust in me. You built Synopsys from a disruptive start-up into one of the world's essential semiconductor ecosystem companies. I'm so proud to have been a part of that journey for the last 25 years working with you, our leadership team and the many colleagues across the organization. I'm determined to build upon our strong foundation, drive innovation and propel Synopsys to even greater heights of success. I look forward to engaging with all of you moving forward and to the continuing partnership with Aart.
Aart de Geus: Thanks, Sassine. You have my full support. Now let's turn to what we're seeing in the market. Technology industry trends are playing to our strength. The AI-driven Smart Everything era is putting positive pressure on the semi-conductor industry to deliver more. Despite economic challenges, semiconductor design starts and R&D investments continue unabated. Our relentless innovation drive has made Synopsys a catalyst for our customers' success in this new growth era for semiconductors. In fact, the market is playing out much as we expected when we planned the year and we are executing accordingly. Based on continued strong design activity, our high confidence in our business, we are raising our full year revenue guidance range to between $5.81 billion and $5.84 billion. We are increasing our year-over-year non-GAAP ops margin improvement expectation to 200 basis points. This is approximately 0.5 point up versus prior guidance. We are raising our full year non-GAAP EPS range to between $11.04 and $11.09. Shelagh will give you -- will discuss the financials in more detail. Prior to giving color on our segment results, let me update you on our AI progress. By now, I hope that we all understand that AI can and does and has further potential to unlock massive new productivity gains. So while we continue to embed AI in everything we do, not surprisingly, one consistent question most of you are asking is how will monetize our AI leadership? Let me address that question head on through the techonomic lens of product differentiation and business model framework including some early proof points. For AI monetization, we see three distinct value stream. First, through our design participation and the explosive growth in demand for AI chips. Second, by pervasively embedding our pioneering AI across our full EDA stack, which we call Synopsis.ai. And third, through AI-driven efficiency transformations, as we optimize and automate our own internal workflows. Let's start with AI chips. Use cases for AI are proliferating rapidly, as are the number of companies designing AI chips. Novel architectures are multiplying, stimulated by vertical markets, all wanting solutions optimized for their specific application. Third parties estimate that today's $20 billion to $30 billion market for AI chips will exceed $100 billion by 2030. In this new era of Smart Everything, these chips in turn, drive growth in surrounding semiconductors for storage, connectivity, sensing, AtoD and DtoA converters, power management, et cetera. Growth predictions for the entire semi market to pass $1 trillion by 2030 are thus quite credible. We are uniquely positioned to benefit. In the semi ecosystem, Synopsys is the leading EDA provider to AI chip designers. Designers requiring unmatched capabilities in design tools, particularly at the most advanced process nodes. They also need our leading interface IP portfolio as AI chips are banking on enormous amounts of data, driving new, faster and lower power interconnect protocol. Synopsys excels at this. In summary, AI chips are a core value stream for Synopsys, already accounting on a trailing 12-month basis for well over $0.5 billion. We see this growth continuing throughout the decade. Let's move to our second value stream, synopsys.ai. This is where starting in 2017, Synopsys, incidentally led by Sassine, pioneered AI-driven chip design, and we have relentlessly advance the state-of-the-art ever since. Using our AI to automate entire design sub flows, our customers report schedule reductions from months to weeks while simultaneously also achieving better results in terms of speed, power and area of the chips. In February, we reported that our customers had passed 100 commercial tape-outs using our AI. Today, the tally crossed 270 as adoption continues rapidly. Nine out of 10 of the top semiconductor vendors are using Synopsys.ai in production, and the tenth one is already testing our solution. What makes this doubly relevant is that the worldwide semi industry has a significant resource shortage. Third parties estimate a design engineering gap of between 15% to 30% by 2030. Even the multiplicity of National Chip Acts recognizes this, and AI in design automation will be critical to help bridge the gap. That's where the industry's first AI-driven full EDA suite, Synopsis.ai, comes in. Initially launched in 2020 for design optimization, we have since added AI-driven test and verification flows now in commercial adoption. Usage is expanding rapidly as customers are seeing stunning results. In the last quarter, our customers have demonstrated up to 10x faster turnaround time and double-digit improvements in verification coverage. Customers are also reporting more than 20% silicon test cost reduction. Recently, we engaged Synopsys.ai for analog and custom design. One of our top customers used our AI optimized Custom Compiler to achieve a 6% performance improvement over manually crafted custom circuits. Further completing our Synopsys.ai stack, more AI-driven manufacturing flow extensions are coming soon. But back to economics. Synopsys.ai revenue is just starting to ramp, but early proof points give us high confidence in its long-term growth prospects. We've moved from project-based experimentations to customers now adding Synopsys.ai subscription. Synopsys.ai has driven more than 20% value increases in several recent digital implementation renewals, often leveraging significant growth for the underlying core tools used by Synopsys.ai. This quarter, we saw multiple full-flow displacements to Synopsys.ai, driven by up to 10x productivity differentiation versus the competition, which brings me to generative AI. Over our history, key disruptive technologies have catalyzed innovation opportunities for Synopsys to deliver leaps in productivity. Gen AI is such a technology. Anchored in 35-plus years of experience in developing model-based solutions now with unparalleled data assets portfolio, we intend to harness Gen AI capabilities into Synopsys.ai. We see this delivering further advances in design assistance, design exploration and design generation. On the design flow spectrum from optionality to optimality, in other words, moving from many options in early architectures to highly tuned error-free tape-outs, Gen AI techniques will augment the exploration, accelerate design choices and automate some design generation. This will further broaden the intelligence dimensions in our Synopsys.ai. These new capabilities represent additional customer value, opening multiple new monetization opportunities. We will elaborate more on our road map in the coming quarters, which brings me to our third monetization value stream, operational efficiency transformation. Gen AI isn't just an opportunity for our customers. We, ourselves, truly intend to eat at our own AI restaurant, so to speak. We see significant operational efficiency and automation potential and processes across the company so that our employees can focus on higher ROI tasks. Our experimentation is in full swing, and we are rapidly learning the strength and challenging of these new approaches. Overall, fast progress on our AI journey, and it is great to have Sassine on the call for Q&A as he is very focused on our AI business strategy and monetization. Let me now give some color on our segments of Design Automation at roughly 65% of our business, Design IP at about 25% and Software Integrity at around 10%. Starting with Design Automation, we saw strong revenue momentum and the segment delivered its first $1 billion quarter. Fusion Compiler momentum continues to grow with increased customer share and Synopsys-enabled customers taping out first to a number of leading manufacturing nodes, including TSMC N2 and N5A, Samsung SF3 and Intel 18A. Fusion leadership at advanced node has also translated into key HPC core wins at both semiconductor and hyperscale companies. Transitioning to multi-die chip design, our 3D IC Compiler platform continued momentum across verticals, achieving deployment on the industry's first advanced 3D stacked heterogeneous design for smartphone. We also expanded our multi-die ecosystem enablement, including qualification for leading foundries, latest multi-die flows and support for key 3D design standards. Of note, we deepened our collaboration with Samsung Foundry to accelerate multi-die system design for advanced processes. Let's move to verification, where the need for acceleration is paramount. In Q3, we won a Zebu hardware-assisted verification engagement with a RISC-V AI chip provider and saw HAPS deployments for prototyping AI chips at a large hyperscaler and a large HPC company. Synopsys Cloud continues to deliver substantial differentiation and time-to-market gains for our customers. Our SaaS solution, which accounts for 70% of our Cloud users, continued to gain strong adoption with multiple AI chip start-ups, leading new SaaS deployments. Now turning to Design IP, which is roughly 25% of our revenue. We had an excellent quarter working closely with some of our partners to enable the most advanced process nodes in the design ecosystem. Just this week, Synopsys and Intel announced a very significant expansion of our long-standing strategic partnership in EDA and IP to speed the design and manufacturing of advanced SoCs and multi-die systems for Intel processes. This comprehensive agreement enables Intel's internal IDM 2.0 teams and their external foundry customers to accelerate chip and system design with a powerful portfolio of essential IP developed by Synopsys for Intel 3 and 18A processes. Synopsys IP is now key to ramping and filling multibillion dollar wafer fabs as the advanced node IP supplier of choice for customers and the manufacturing ecosystem. Further supporting this in Q3, we also announced the industry's broadest portfolio of silicon proven IP for TSMC's N3E process as well as an extensive portfolio of IP or all of Samsung Foundry's advanced process technology. In automotive, autonomous driving ADAS systems continues to drive strong demand for our IP. This quarter, we exceeded 30 design wins in 5-nanometer and won our first 3-nanometer design at a marquee automotive OEM. All in all, we have won IP sockets on more than 100 ADAS chips. Third, the Software Integrity segment, which represents 10% of our revenue. Against the continued challenging macro environment for enterprise software, the business delivered solid results. The imperative for security and quality in software has always been critical. And with the rise in Gen AI generated code, big new risks are emerging. Racing forward, we continue to develop innovative new solutions like our AI code analysis API offering on our Polaris SaaS platform. AI code analysis API enables developers to automatically submit code snippets from code assistance such as GitHub copilot and ChatGPT to receive instant feedback on whether the code may originate from risky open source projects. In summary, we had outstanding Q3 financial results and operational execution and are confident in our strong close to the year. We are raising our guidance for full year revenue and year-over-year op margin as well as non-GAAP earnings per share expectations. We have a resilient business model and our customers continue to prioritize investments in the chips and systems that position them for future growth. We continue to invest in technology leadership, multi-die design solutions, state-of-the-art IP and the leading edge AI-driven EDA suite to help catalyze this decade of smart, secure and safe products. And last, but certainly not least, I am just delighted to welcome Sassine as our new CEO. I would like to thank our employees and our partners for their passion and commitment. With that, I'll turn it over to Shelagh.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you, Aart. And congratulations, Sassine. I look forward to continuing to partner with you as you transition to CEO and scale the company to the next level of growth. On to results. Q3 was another outstanding quarter with record revenue and earnings. EPS was above the high end of our range. We continue to execute well, which is a testament to our execution and leadership position across our segment, robust chip and system design activity by our customers, who continue to invest through semiconductor cycles and with $7.1 billion in non-cancelable backlog, the stability and resilience of our time-based business model. With our continued confidence in the business, we are raising our full year targets for revenue, non-GAAP operating margin improvement and EPS. I'll now review our third quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.49 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $1.19 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $963 million, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 35.3%. GAAP earnings per share were $2.17, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.88. Now onto our segment. Design Automation segment revenue was $1 billion, up 23%, driven by broad-based strength. Design Automation adjusted operating margin was 41.4%. Design IP segment revenue was $350 million, up 12%. Adjusted operating margin was 24.7%. Software Integrity revenue was $133 million, up 12%, and adjusted operating margin was 16.9%. Due to continued macro impact on this segment, we now expect Software Integrity revenue growth in 2023 to be below our long-term guidance of 15% to 20%. Turning to cash. We generated $560 million in operating cash flow and used $300 million for cash for stock buyback. Our balance sheet is very strong. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $1.8 billion and total debt of $18 million. Now to guidance. As we have previously communicated, we had expected a strong second half. We are again raising our full year outlook for revenue, non-GAAP operating margin improvement and earnings. For fiscal year 2023, the full year targets are: revenue of $5.81 billion to $5.84 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $4.544 billion and $4.564 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.78 billion and $3.79 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin improvement of 200 basis points; non-GAAP tax rate of 16%; GAAP earnings of $7.85 to $7.96 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $11.04 to $11.09 per share. Cash flow from operations of approximately $1.65 billion. Now to targets for the fourth quarter: revenue between $1.567 billion and $1.597 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $1.184 billion and $1.204 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $1.005 billion and $1.015 billion; GAAP earnings of $2.17 to $2.28 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $3.01 to $3.06 per share. Consistent with prior years, we will provide additional comments and guidance for 2024 when we report next quarter. In conclusion, we delivered record quarterly revenue and earnings. Based on our outstanding results year-to-date and strong outlook, we are again raising our targets for the full year. We continue to see strong momentum in the business, reflecting our leadership position across our segments, robust design activity by our customers who continue to invest through semiconductor cycles and the stability and resiliency of our time-based business model. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Frankly, I don't know where to begin. Aart, well run and Sassine, well deserved. And maybe Sassine, sorry to put you on the spot here, but can you frame your vision around AI and how closely you've been working with the AI strategy?
Sassine Ghazi: Sure. First, thank you, Jason. And as Aart mentioned, actually, the AI journey for Synopsys started around 2017. I was the General Manager of our EDA business at the time, and no one in our industry was talking about AI in 2017 for EDA applications. Around the 2020 time frame, we actually had customers using it in early production stages. And now as you saw the number, many, many tape-outs. At the time, we started with the design space as the early stage of high impact using AI. And as you have seen us talk about the last couple of quarters with Synopsys.ai, where we're expanding the impact into test, verification, analog custom, manufacturing, et cetera. And Aart mentioned in his remarks that we have customers at this point buying our AI solution as part of their subscription license. And when a customer does that, they already see the value and the impact and they're willing to pay for it. And that's the stage we're in at this point.
Jason Celino: Okay. No, that's great. And then my brief follow-up, I think it was mentioned that in some renewals, you're seeing a 20% increase because of AI. Is this mainly driven from the tools themselves or is this more related to the upsell of the core because of the compute? Thanks.
Sassine Ghazi: I'm sorry, the 20% increase in what? I missed the first part of the question.
Jason Celino: I think Aart mentioned that in some renewals, you were seeing 20% increases in value. I was just curious on the drivers of that or maybe I missed heard it?
Sassine Ghazi: We are seeing, yes, absolutely two factors. One, there’s a pull-through of the technology that our AI system uses, Fusion Compiler, Prime Time, et cetera, et cetera. And the customer is adding money, new money in the agreement based on the AI system that we are selling them. So it’s not only an upsell and a pull-through of the license, it’s incremental value that the customers are adding to their renewal with Synopsys.
Jason Celino: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo.
Gary Mobley: Good afternoon, everybody and thank you for taking the questions and congrats to both Aart and Sassine on the transition.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you.
Gary Mobley: And I just want to pick up where the last discussion point left off. I wanted to maybe probe into maybe how many renewals have come up since you went from on a per design subscription for AI tools to rolling into baseline license renewals. I just want to get a sense of how many of these license renewals are now including AI?
Aart de Geus: As you know, an average EBA contract is about three years. So 2021, we started with customers and we have a number of those customers included it in their renewals. So we're already in that first stage with a number of customers, including it in their three-year contract.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Thanks you for that. I wanted to change topics and move to the different trends in the operating margin for the different business segments. I know that you called out in the past, quarter-to-quarter volatility in the op margins for the IP business, but we now have a trend with the trend downwards for the past two quarters. So maybe if you can speak to that specific to the IP business. And then conversely, you're showing nice gains in the Software Integrity business with seemingly not much revenue ramp. So maybe you can speak to the under occurrence there and as it relates to OpEx controls in the soft or integrity side?
Shelagh Glaser: Sure. So I think it is -- this is the change that Aart and Sassine drove in the organization. So that's why we've got this more comprehensive segment reporting, and you're able to see what is going on in our three large segments. So if I talk about design IP specifically, we really think about that business on a long-term. And as Aart talked in his prepared remarks, we're building out an IP portfolio for each new node, for each different foundry, for each different customer. So think of us as constantly investing in IP. And when we're signing contracts with customers, we're signing an agreement for a specific amount of dollars with a specific term. And when the customers pull down the IP is based on when their design is needing to integrate that IP into the design. So over time, we expect that IP op margin is slightly below our corporate margin. And what you're seeing is, what we've always called lumpy, you're able to see what lumpy looks like now with our new segment reporting. So the expectation hasn't changed. And as we're looking out, we are seeing customers deep into their designs, and we understand the timing of IP would be pulled down. So we feel strongly about that business, plus it’s an incredible strategic asset for us to be so deeply involved and engaged in our customers decide. So we’ve got a strong view of positive view on that op margin. For Software Integrity, we’ve talked about we’ve been focused on improving the margins in that business as we scale the business, and you’re seeing some of the pull-through for that in Q3 time frame.
Gary Mobley: Thank you..
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Joshua Tilton with Wolfe.
Joshua Tilton: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First Aart, I guess, not a guess, but you'll definitely be missed, and congrats Sassine on the new role.
Aart de Geus: Not like I'm completely disappearing, right? Just to be clear.
Joshua Tilton: More of your voice on these earnings calls, it will definitely. I guess like my first question is just it seems like as of January, we're going to have a bit of a new regime in place. Maybe what are some of the things you can either do differently or just some levers that you feel that you could pull to maybe drive some meaningful margin expansion in the model come next year?
Sassine Ghazi: Josh, I've been part of this company for 25 years, and the last three years, it's really been the start of what we call like a momentum journey, and we'll continue that pace of the journey moving forward. What Aart and I when I was appointed to COO and then later President, we really set out three vectors as priority for the company. The first one is focused on the growth ambition; the second one is scaling and how do we scale efficiently as a company; three, technology leadership and innovation. And if you look at the results, they're really amazing. Over that period of time, we're able to grow revenue 17% CAGR, 700 basis points in non-GAAP operating margin and 26% CAGR EPS. And doing all of this while pioneering industry-first technologies like the AI solutions that we are talking about, plus 3D IC from a multi-die both IT and design tools, et cetera, et cetera. So as we look ahead, January 1, as you commented, it's just the continuity of the pace at a time where the market, the semiconductor chip activity, is so exciting, driven by the AI demand that requires more compute, either data center cloud or edge as well as everything going smart, smart everything in a car, in home, in the industry, et cetera. So it's really continuing that pace of momentum we created on all three vectors.
Shelagh Glaser: And I would add that we're committed to short and long-term operating margin improvement. That's what you're seeing the improvement in the second half of the year. We've, of course, will guide 24 next quarter, but a long-term guide is at least a 100 basis point improvement in the year. So we're committed to that.
Joshua Tilton: Super helpful. And I think just a quick follow-up that on track. When you guys started buying up all these SIG assets, I think the bullish take was we have this portion of the business that's growing a lot faster than the core EDA, and we could see this nice mix shift effect as SIG becomes a bigger piece of the total pie. But I guess, how do we think about when, from an investor perspective, we should kind of expect SIG growth to be back above the corporate average? Like, just maybe help us out with a little color there.
Aart de Geus: The thesis behind SIG remains very strong, which is software quality and security. And actually, right now, you can argue and the future is as strong or stronger with AI-generated code and the need for any developer to ensure that its secure software that are using in their products. What happened over the last 12 months or so is not unique to Synopsys is you’re seeing it in the industry, especially at the software enterprise industry, is a slowdown and that headwind is really what you’re seeing right now. And as Shelagh mentioned, even though we’re not speaking about long-term projection and guidance for any part of the business, but we are – last quarter, if you recall, we said we’ll be at the lower end of the 15% to 20%, and now it will be slightly below that number, but it’s not due to the portfolio or the execution, it’s truly the headwind we’re facing in the market.
Joshua Tilton: Makes sense. Thanks guys.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Joe Vruwink with Baird.
Joseph Vruwink: Great and big congrats to Sassine and Aart. I maybe wanted to start just Aart, in your opening comments, the three sources of monetizing AI chips and that market opportunity that's more market growth for customers. Your AI products, that's wallet share for Synopsys and then how you can employ AI internally? I take that as meaning higher margins. I guess when you just add all of those things together, can you maybe comment on how it could start to influence your long-term financial framework because a lot of these things we're certainly early days or not as present back in 2021 when the framework was first debuted?
Aart de Geus: Well, you have our basic financial outlook because we have communicated that we're focusing on number one growth and continued gradual improvement of ops margin. And in many ways, this is against a backdrop that is fantastically exciting because there's going to be a wave of end users, and I mean with systems companies that all want to have AI, that all wants to have chips that are way faster, way lower power, way more data. In other words, the entire industry around us will be unhappy with semiconductors because they want more. And there is nothing better than that because that is what in the early days drove the whole Moore's Law at super high growth. And we have a similar feel going on right now. And you may say, well, but is the technology not limited? Well, no, it's not What has changed is that the architectures are all changing and that the ability to bring chips immensely close together, including stacking them vertically is now suddenly opening up. Still difficult, still expensive. But that's what FinFETs were before to and then suddenly out of nowhere there were over 10 generations of it. And I think this is exactly the space that we've entered. And so that's another way of saying design is going to become more complex, more engineers are needed. And given that the world supply of engineers is somewhat limited, more automation is the only answer to solve this. Again, not any difference than in the '80s, '90s, 2000s and we all feel this drive because the notion of smart everything has shown itself as relevant. Now a little portion of that is, well, how smart are we on the inside? And there's a lot that we can learn. And obviously, anything that we can automate or accelerate in our processes directly goes to the bottom line at that point in time. So Sassine job is to figure out how much of that money to the bottom line goes directly back into AI research, right? So that circle is very active.
Joseph Vruwink: Okay. That's all great. I wanted to go back, and Jason asked about the renewal anecdote. I think that's a pretty interesting one. I guess my question is the 20%, is that pretty typical or emblematic of what placement route has been seeing so far? And maybe if it is, how do you see renewals evolving as customers get more experience, more proof points on things like test, our new AI verification, analog kind of the full Synopsys.ai suite? What could that mean for a typical renewal?
Sassine Ghazi: Yeah. In the early stages of AI, what the customers were struggling with were two things. One, I may not have enough compute; and two, I may not have enough licenses, EDA licenses. On the compute side, there are multiple ways that can be invested, but most of our customers figure that out given the value that they were able to see. . On the EDA side, the reason we started with project-based, we were really trying to figure out with the customers, what's the combination of number of licenses needed for an AI job because AI is pulling far more licenses of the technology that is under the hood compared to an engineering -- individual engineer effort. So after we learned from that experiment in, let's call it, around 2020 and comers wanting to scale it up, we started providing it as part of the subscription license in order to enable broader and easier adoption for the customer. And with that came monetization to Synopsys. As I said, incremental monetization on two sites, more selling of the licenses plus selling the AI technology as well. We have now actually many. Still early stages, though, when I say many in terms of renewals, remember, those are 3-year cycles of renewals and 2020 was just around the corner in terms of a renewal cycle. But we have many customers that they have gone through renewing their subscription license with Synopsys and added more technology that’s pulling and AI license.
Joseph Vruwink: Great. Thank you all.
Aart de Geus: Thank you, Joe.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thank you and best wishes to both Aart and Sassine on your new roles.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you.
Vivek Arya: So I had a near and a longer-term question. So on the near-term design IP, when I look year-to-date, if the model is right, your sales are basically flattish so far this year, I think maybe up 1%. So I'm curious, why is it well below your long-term growth expectations? And then when can we see this business get towards your target, which I think is to grow at kind of in a mid-teens annual basis?
Shelagh Glaser: So it is a lumpy business, as I described before, the contracts we signed with the customers, we have a term and a dollar amount and then the timing of those pull downs is really based on customer design. So we're confident in our long-term growth in that business because of the contracts we have signed with customers. But Vivek, it is lumpy because it's really dependent. We're delivering IP all the time, constantly refreshing and delivering new IP blocks. And then it's really the pull downs are based on the customer design schedule and we see robust chip activity, and we expect customers pull downs over near-term horizon.
Vivek Arya: All right. And for my follow-up, I'm trying to think of what is the right way to think about your sales growth for the next two to three years? Can it stay mid-teens? Will it decelerate, right, to low double digit, will it accelerate? Because AI is growing, but that's only 10% of your sales. Is that really enough to help Synopsys continue to grow at this mid-teens pace? Because when I look at a lot of the other parts of semis, right, whether it's consumer or parts of industrial, a traditional data center, they have really slowed down. So I'm curious, is this AI enough to help Synopsys continue to grow its sales at kind of this mid-teens space over the next two to three years? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Just one comment, Vivek, you're asking, of course, a question that you should ask at the end of Q4, right? That's why we gave guidance for the coming year. At the same time, overall, as we mentioned, we are in a market that we perceive as strong for us. We don't see any big changes. From year to year, of course, there's variability. But too early to really talk about that. But fundamentally, what we said in preamble is that fundamentally, we have a degree of momentum that shows out that we're in a very strong business at a good time. And so I wouldn't think that there are any major changes, at the same time, again, we're declining too far out guidance here.
Vivek Arya: Right. Without giving guidance, I guess what I'm curious about is your insights on the growth in the business, excluding AI because you gave $0.5 billion number over the last two months. Your total...
Aart de Geus: Yeah. Okay. A good point. Sorry, I didn't catch that. Outside of AI, the business is just strong across the board. We talked earlier about IP. These agreements that we made over the last quarter are very powerful for a long period of time, and they establish us as a provider that is one of necessity for foundries to be successful. Remember, for foundry to be successful with a new node, it takes fundamentally four things. One, you have to have, of course, the technology. That’s their job. Secondly, you need to have the capacity. Third, the EDA tools, which turns out we are always on time. And fourth, you need the collection of IP-ready tool because otherwise, the end users can do design and the fact that we have strong agreements to provide this to the leading foundries in the world is fantastic, and that gives us a degree of stability but also potential further growth that is very, very good.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ruben Roy with Stifel.
Ruben Roy: Thank you and my congrats as well to Aart and Sassine. And Aart, I hope we get to see you plan to more going forward from here.
Aart de Geus: I wait to see you at the gig.
Ruben Roy: You'll see me there, definitely. So Sassine, I wanted to ask on AI as well around the sort of how you're viewing the pervasiveness of AI, talked about the $100 billion market potentially in AI chips by the end of the decade and the 10% of $1 trillion semiconductor market. Early days, but do you think for now that I embedded tools are slated better for a certain portion of semiconductor design market? Clearly, generative AI design helper mechanism can be pervasive across the entire game of semiconductor, I would think. But for now, is that the right way to think about it is this kind of large designs with very complicated place in route or do you think it will be more pervasive than that?
Sassine Ghazi: It will be more pervasive than that. But it will definitely be in the stages of design. So if you think of the design as three stages, there is the front end of the design then there is the implementation/optimization of the design and the sign-off where we started with DSO.ai and is in the physical implementation. Because of the pace of optimization is so large it was such a perfect opportunity for an AI system to look at that large space of optimization and find the right parameters to tune and then give you the most optimized physical implementation. But as we expand into test, for example, and reducing the test pattern or verification improving your coverage analog mixed signal. It's a whole other place where there is plenty of opportunity to innovate in that domain. And you go into manufacturing, their all-time and can leverage AI for both productivity as well as the quality of the result that you get. Now Aart mentioned as well in his script as three stages of design assistance, design exploration and design generation. Those -- I want to say some of those are ambitious, meaning this is where we can see the technology heading in the next one, two years at various level of R&D, in some cases, and customer discussions of where do they see the high impact as well as where do we see the technology available today from AI models, et cetera, et cetera. And you can open up the door to how do you protect your IP, the customer IP, how does the system learn. So the opportunity is definitely in early stages in terms of impact of AI overall on the chip design.
Ruben Roy: Very helpful.
Aart de Geus: If I may add something, because I love what Sassine just said in terms of this opportunity. It is important to understand that what we have done is we started actually with the single hardest problem, which is all the stuff that sits before Tape-out. Tape-out is when the design is done and it gets sent to manufacturing. Well, the one thing you don't want to happen is any errors in that. And so as you add more and more and more detail, you're coming to this notion of the absolute necessity to be as close as you can to zero errors. And that's why, Sassine mentioned, not only the design, but also the verification steps, the sign-off steps and we have integrated all of those under our AI. And I think it's going to take a long time before many of the other techniques get close to that. But we are going to, of course, put those around. So it broadens our opportunity space, as Sassine said, but the core of our pioneering was really we can do it and get correct chips out. Now that is challenging.
Ruben Roy: Yes, it's a very interesting discussion. Thanks for all the detail guys. I could ask what I hope is a quick follow-up. Some of your semiconductor customers have started to show their own accelerated compute platforms as platforms for EDA tools and in those demonstrations more efficient than current standard server farms running EDA. What's your feeling on that? Do you view that, obviously, early days, but as additional accelerants to EDA use or semiconductor design activity out there as the overall productivity could get faster as we put some of these new systems in place for your tools?
Sassine Ghazi: You're right. It's the right observation. Think of it as another tool that you can use to accelerate a workload. We were primarily CPU, then we introduced some GPU acceleration in a number of simulation functions and verification and some other methods. So yes, Ruben, you can think of it that way.
Ruben Roy: Got it. Thank you very much.
Sassine Ghazi: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Aart, first, I've always enjoyed our more than 100 quarters of dialogue and Sassine, I'm sure you look forward to another 100 orders of multipart questions on the conference call. But for the two of you, let me ask a product road map question, and it does relate to AI. As you may recall from your last analyst meeting back in 2019, in answer to your question at the time -- sorry, answered a question at the time about what you thought the longevity or useful life of your new data architecture or a new platform might be, having just introduced Fusion on top of it and DC Next, for example, on top of it, you answered about a decade. And I know it was an approximation. But the question is, do you think that AI, as you embed it in your own products, extends that useful life of that architecture that you introduced a few years ago, or might it on the other hand, require you to accelerate a rebuilding of the architecture as you completed a number of years ago?
Sassine Ghazi: Jay, excellent question, and I remember that discussion as well. When we introduced MDM at the time, if you remember, for our digital platform data model, it was around the 2015 time frame. So when you look at the decade, it's right around the corner. We continue -- and that's what's really the primary foundation to build Fusion, where you bring timeline Fusion Compilers, SRC, et cetera, the whole digital platform on one unified data model that is helping us accelerate our innovation pace and rhythm because tools are connected and we're able to move much faster in delivering a new technology, new products. And as you can imagine, the team is constantly looking, is there a more efficient new data model that we can build on? And you mentioned the 2019 Investor Day, maybe us build the beams. We will have, hopefully, in the first half of '24, it will be great timing to talk about how we see the future given all the very exciting areas of technology innovation and the market around us.
Aart de Geus: What it means is an Investor Day?
Sassine Ghazi: Would I say Investor Day?
Aart de Geus: You didn't say an Investor Day at that time. That's what you.
Sassine Ghazi: I was too excited.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Charles Shi with Needham.
Charles Shi: Hi. Thank you for squeezing me in and congrats to Aart. It's really been my great pleasure and honor actually to work with the luminary of the EDA and semiconductor industry as you are. Also congrats, Sassine.
Aart de Geus: I'm blushing.
Charles Shi: Yes. And congrats to Sassine as well. Looking forward to working with you in the future. Maybe my question. I wanted to ask again on the IP revenue. It seems like so far this year, it's been tracking to like single-digit growth this year. It doesn't sound too right because your long-term guidance is kind of like in the mid-teens. Unless are you expecting we get a big bump in Q4? Or are we going to be tracking below that long-term guidance. But maybe next year, we should expect a somewhat above the long-term guidance kind of growth? That will be my first question. Thank you.
Shelagh Glaser: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Yes, we do anticipate a very strong Q4. So our model we have, we as well intact, and that’s a long-term model. And so when you see the quarter-on-quarter variability, we don’t as much manage it in the 90-day increment. We’re managing it at the full year and 12 months, and we do expect a strong Q4 in IP.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gianmarco Conti with Deutsche Bank.
Gianmarco Conti: Yes. Hi, Aart, Sassine and Shelagh. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on another strong quarter. And for Sassine, so perhaps starting with SIG, could you explain whether the new go-to-market strategy is bearing some fruits. I actually, I know you've mentioned this before, but maybe can go a little bit more into what exactly happened this quarter with regards to the marginal slowdown. Is this some part of the macro demand that you have previously aged mix? And conversely, what is driving the higher margin for this division right now? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Yeah. We set out two priorities for SIG about 1.5 years, two years ago. One is building out our Polaris platform, which is an integrated SaaS, which is the static and dynamic software composition analysis and its cloud-native cloud-ready system. So from a go-to-market point of view, we're still in a transition phase or transitioning our customers to Polaris while we're selling Coverity, Black Duck, et cetera, all the other products that they can be primarily used. So that's from a technology platform point of view. From a go-to-market standpoint, actually, we've done a fairly good job in putting the right investments, how much do we do direct, how much do we do through distribution. And we're still on that journey of evolving our go-to-market. Where we're seeing difficulties right now is the negotiation with the customers, given the headwind, they're ending up being a shorter renewals and taking longer to close. So that's really the impact we're seeing, not from a value market share, et cetera, et cetera standpoint. It's just the budget is tighter, in particular, for our enterprise customers.
Shelagh Glaser: And just a comment on operating margin. We're committed to improving operating margin. We had set out to do that this year to improve year-over-year, and we feel well on past that. And obviously, the strong results in Q3 gives us the full year.
Aart de Geus: Operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Blair Abernethy with Rosenblatt.
Blair Abernethy: Well, thanks very much. Let me offer my congratulations on the transition as well, gentleman. Just on the IP business, I'm wondering, if you can give us a sense of where you're seeing the biggest opportunity over the next, say, three to five years? Is it 3D multi-die interconnects? Is it chip design IP and just sort of where are you -- how are you thinking about your investments in this segment?
Aart de Geus: On questionnaires, one would feel I'm all of the above, meaning that the continuation of technology development is still very fast, even for individual chips. And therefore, with those come new speeds, new bandwidth and constant new demand. You’re absolutely right to throw in the 3D aspects because one of my perspective on that, it is precisely the fact that 3D has improved dramatically in terms of the connectivity, both in number of spin counts and the speed on the pins and the decrease of energy to switch a pin that actually opens that domain for a decade of success. Now the fact that AI is in the midst of that is – what’s a little bit different about AI processes. It’s just the bandwidth and the enormous amount of data that needs to constantly in many cases, dynamically be treated while the car is driving, so to speak. And so all of these things are wonderful for our field because that says, well, do a lot better. And while the world better, of course, as many variations, we all know that means that there’s more design happening more new chips, more differentiation among the end customers among themselves. And so these are positive words in our field for sure.
Blair Abernethy: Thank you so much for the call. Look forward to talking with you over the coming days.
Aart de Geus: With that, I guess we close the call. Thank you for your attention. For those of you that will connect with us later on today, we're ready to talk to you. And again, have a good rest of the day.
Trey Campbell: Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-05-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2023. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Trey Campbell, Senior Vice President and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Trey Campbell: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chair and CEO of Synopsys; and Shelagh Glaser, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking information regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important risk factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on our website at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. We delivered excellent results in the second quarter exceeding all our guidance targets while reaching another quarterly revenue record. Revenue of $1.395 billion was above the high end of our guidance range, with non-GAAP operating margin at 33.3%. GAAP earnings per share was $1.76, while non-GAAP earnings per share was above the high end of our target range at $2.54. We generated 703 million of operating cash flow and increased our backlog to 7.3 billion. The market is playing out much as we expected when we planned the year. Demand is weaker for semiconductors overall with consumer markets most impacted. Despite choppy macroeconomic conditions, customers continue to prioritize R&D for new chip designs so that they emerge stronger when demand accelerates. The transition to Smart Everything is well underway and will drive significant long-term growth for semiconductors and outsized contribution for us. Against this backdrop, we planned and are executing accordingly. Based on continued strong design activity and high confidence in our business, we are raising our full year revenue guidance range to between $5.79 billion and $5.83 billion. We're increasing our year-over-year non-GAAP ops margin improvement expectation to 150 basis points, up approximately 0.5 versus prior guidance. We are raising our full year non-GAAP EPS range to between $10.77 and $10.84. Shelagh will discuss the financials in more detail. Let me give some color for the quarter. In March, we held SNUG our yearly Synopsys Users Group Conference in Silicon Valley, including its follow on road shows we bring together over 12,000 passionate design engineers around our common focus of driving innovation in chip and system design. Life after three years of COVID, the conference was fantastically engaging. Our audience fully recognized how design parameters and product requirements have become exponentially more complex and interwoven, accelerated by the breakthroughs of multi-die designs. Simultaneously, the end market hunger for Smart Everything puts huge pressure on increasing performance-per-watt to the limit. And on top of that, security and safety are now becoming mandatory everywhere. Synopsys' vision and mission of smart, secure and safe thus sets both a high bar and foreshadows great opportunities for our customers and our company. Users told me, though, that while system complexities are growing exponentially, design resources are not. Design productivity thus requires a catalytic step function change in our approach. To us, this inflection comes from AI. We are embedding AI in everything we do. We have made world class advances in design flow automation and our customers are now adopting synopsis AI on production designs at a remarkable rate. This is not by accident. 12 years ago, we called out a vision of Smart Everything unleashed by the intersection of big data and machine learning. Since then, we applied ML everywhere on our product offering. In 2017, we decided to harness AI for entire design subflows and began investing in DSO.ai where DSO stands for Design Space Optimization. We rapidly progressed from prototype to customer validation of AI driven results in 2019, recognized by the ASPENCORE IEEE World Electronics Achievement Award for Innovative Product of the Year in 2020. The following year, at the 2021 HOT CHIPS Conference, we unveiled our pioneering AI journey and roadmap showcased by a slew of remarkable results. DSO.ai delivered not only better speed and power on large and complex design blocks, but it did so in a fraction of the time meaning month down to weeks, while requiring fewer, less specialized designers. This did not go unnoticed as it had been validated weeks earlier by Samsung, an early partner announcing the world's first AI driven commercial tapeout with DSO.ai. By the end of 2022, adoption, including nine of the top ten semiconductor vendors, had moved forward at great speed with 100 AI driven commercial tapeouts. Today, the tally is well over 200 and continues to increase at a very fast clip as the industry broadly adopts AI for design from Synopsys. But we have not sat still. At SNUG, we unveiled the industry's first full stack AI driven EDA suite Synopsys.ai Specifically in parallel to second generation advances in DSO.ai, we announced VSO.ai which stands for Verification Space Optimization and TSO.ai, Test Space Optimization. In addition, we are extending AI across the design stack to include analog design and manufacturing. Partners in the announcement included Nvidia, TSMC, MediaTek, Renesas and IBM Research, all providing stunning use cases of the rapid progress and criticality of Synopsys.ai to deliver their breakthrough results. As an example, Renesas achieved up to 10X improvement in reducing functional coverage holes and up to 30% increase in verification productivity. This is substantial progress. Yet it's still only the beginning of our AI journey. The roadmap of optimizing, automating and generative AI use cases is wide open to deliver productivity breakthroughs for years to come. Turning now to our segment results, let me start with design automation, which accounts for roughly 65% of Synopsys revenue. Design automation had a very strong quarter with robust order and revenue growth. Let me lead off by recognizing the one year anniversary of Synopsys Cloud, the industry's first and only SaaS solution that provides customers with a completely browser-based experience, optimized compute and preconfigured EDA flows. We're seeing excellent momentum as customers gain significant time to market advantages with the industry's only cloud optimized pay-per-use business model providing on demand tool access with cloud scale elasticity. In the past year, we have doubled our customer base every quarter this year with the SaaS model accounting for 70% of users. Market adoption of our fusion compiler continues to grow across vertical segments and manufacturing nodes. This quarter we won many major designs, including wins at two top Asian semiconductor companies and a leading high performance computing company. Fusion compiler is a leading advanced three nanometer node tapeout with roughly two-thirds of designs exclusively using Synopsys flows. We continue to drive our design automation leadership. In Q2, we announced a collaboration with TSMC to deliver digital and custom design EDA flows on their most advanced two nanometer process node. Our full EDA stack complemented with the timeless timeliness of IP offering, allows designers to jumpstart their two nanometer designs, differentiate their SOCs and accelerate their time to market. Expanding from digital, we continue to grow and displace competition in the custom design market. We earned eight new design wins in Q2, giving us 23 wins year-to-date. We also benefit from a growing pipeline of top customers using Synopsys for advanced node retargeting. Transitioning to multi-die chip design we're leading the industry's transformation from monolithic SoCs to multi-die systems with a comprehensive and scalable solution for fast, heterogeneous integration. In Q2, we deployed our multi-die VCS functional verification at a leading US high performance computing customer, delivering more than 2X faster turnaround time. We also announced our collaboration with TSMC and Ansys for multi-die system design and manufacturing, providing the industry's most comprehensive EDA and IP solutions on TSMC's advanced process technologies. We've often talked about the unbounded demands for verification. The need for verification acceleration is unrelenting. Our customers want more, more throughput, more capacity and more energy efficiency, all with lower total cost of ownership. This quarter we announced ZeBu Server 5, the industry's first emulation system with unmatched capacity to enable electronic digital twins of advanced SoCs. ZeBu Server 5 delivers this with 2X higher throughput and 2X lower energy usage compared to our previous generation. We are seeing pull from a broad range of semiconductor system and hyperscaler companies with exceptional adoption results. One large semiconductor company saw ZeBu Server 5 deliver a 40% reduction in compile times on multiple large designs. Finally, I want to highlight a breakthrough on the manufacturing front that Nvidia announced at its March GTC conference. Currently lithography is nearing the limits of what physics makes possible. Our collaboration with Nvidia remedies this by running Synopsys OPC, Optical Proximity Correction software on Nvidia's computational lithography platform named cuLitho. Our collaboration massively reduces compute time from literally weeks to days. Now let's move to design IP, which is roughly 25% of our revenue. This quarter, we're celebrating 25 years of being in the IP business. Starting with simple building blocks and interfaces, then we now provide entire IP subsystems. Today, we have over 7500 IP components supporting 340 process technologies, all driven by the same smart, secure and safe innovation imperative. Momentum in the business is very strong with demand fuelled by high performance computing, automotive and mobile applications where Smart Everything Devices need high speed and secure connectivity increasingly architected for multi-die systems. These systems drive the need for state-of-the-art high speed die-to-die interfaces led by UCIe or Universal Chiplet Interconnect Express, which is rapidly becoming the industry standard. We continue to build technical leadership in advanced nodes. In Q2, we received outstanding silicon results on our 224G PHY IP already demonstrated at multiple conferences. We're also achieving excellent silicon results and customer engagements on the advanced three nanometer process across multiple IP products, including our high speed interfaces and Foundation IP. Third, the Software Integrity segment, which represents around 10% of our revenue. Another milestone here as well as we just passed the $500 million mark in trailing 12 month revenue. The imperative for security and quality in software is vital. Today, every meaningful business is a software business. Our solutions help companies improve and manage security and quality vectors across a broad set of vertical end markets. Well, this part of our business is the most affected by the challenging macro environment. We delivered solid growth with notable wins across vertical segments, including technology, financials, healthcare and telecommunications. We also continue to see most of the segments revenue driven by customers adopting two or more of our solutions as they consolidate providers for efficiency and economics. One last closing point. This week we released our 2022 ESG report. Throughout this call, I have highlighted the privilege of delivering world changing technology. For Synopsys this starts with a commitment to maximize our positive impact and to use our influence to drive broad-based change. I encourage you to read our full report at synopsys.com. In summary, we had an excellent Q2 financial results and operational execution, growing confidence in the second half of the year. We are raising our guidance for full year revenue to between $5.79 billion and $5.83 billion. We now expect to improve full year non-GAAP ops margin by 150 basis points versus last year. We are raising our year-over-year non-GAAP earnings per share growth expectation to 21% to 22%. We have a resilient business model uncommon in most software companies. Despite expected macroeconomic headwinds throughout the year, our customers continue to prioritize investments in the chips, systems and security that will position them for future growth. As you heard, we continue to invest in advanced technologies, multi-die design solutions, state-of-the-art IP and the leading edge EDA AI driven suite to make this decade of smart, secure and safe products happen. I would like to thank our employees and our partners for their dedication and passion that makes this possible. With that, I'll turn it over to Shelagh.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you, Aart. Q2 was a record revenue quarter and we delivered revenue and EPS above the high end of our guidance range. Our strong results are driven by our execution and leadership position across our segments, robust chip and system design activity despite macro choppiness and a resilient, stable time-based business model with $7.3 billion in non-cancelable backlog. We remain confident in our business, and as a result, we are raising our full year targets for revenue, non-GAAP operating margin improvement and EPS. I'll now review our second quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.395 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $1.108 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $930 million resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 33.3%. GAAP earnings per share were $1.76 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.54. Now on to our segments. Design Automation segment revenue was $928 million, up 13%, driven by continued strength in both EDA software and hardware. Design Automation adjusted operating margin was 38.8%. Design IP segment revenue was $335 million down 4% due to a tough compare to Q2 '22, which was an exceptionally strong IP quarter. Adjusted operating margin was 25.8%. Software Integrity revenue was $132 million, up 17% and adjusted operating margin was 13.9%. Despite some macro impact on this segment, we continue to expect Software Integrity revenue growth of 15% to 20% with expanding adjusted operating margin for 2023. Turning to cash. We generated $703 million in operating cash flow and we used $300 million of our cash for stock buybacks. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $1.7 billion and total debt of $20 million. Now to guidance. For fiscal year 2023, the full year targets are, revenue of $5.79 billion to $5.83 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $4.520 billion and $4.565 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.79 billion and $3.82 billion, resulting in non-GAAP margin improvement of 150 basis points. Non-GAAP tax rate of 16%. GAAP earnings of $7.44 per share to $7.60 per share. Non-GAAP earnings of $10.77 per share to $10.84 per share. Cash flow from operations of approximately $1.65 billion. Now to targets for the third quarter. Revenue between $1.465 billion and $1.495 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $1.143 billion and $1.163 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $970 million and $980 million. GAAP earnings of $1.88 per share to $1.99 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $2.70 per share and $2.75 per share. In conclusion, we are confident in achieving revenue growth of 14% to 15%, 150 basis points of non-GAAP operating margin improvement and 21% to 22% non-GAAP earnings growth in 2023. Our strong execution reflects our leadership position across our segments, robust design activity by our customers who continue to invest through semiconductor cycles and the stability and resiliency of our time-based business model. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Hi. Good afternoon and congratulations on a well-executed quarter.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Harlan Sur: Thank you. We do our best to try and track chip design activity primarily with the large ASIC semiconductor companies that are helping the large hyperscalers and systems companies sort of codesign their custom chips because they're sort of a good proxy for overall leading-edge chip design activity, right? And from what we can tell, overall chip design starts have accelerated just over the past few months, given this AI arms race among the cloud and hyperscalers. So they all want to bring their silicon solutions to the market sooner rather than later. Are you guys seeing the step up in acceleration in design activity as well? And how is this acceleration manifesting itself in terms of upcoming renewals? And just your confidence on full year outlook and continued strong growth into next year?
Aart de Geus: Well, first, the answer is absolutely, yes. And it's not a surprise. In general, even when there are economic downturns, the semiconductor industry tends to invest strongly in chip design so that when the downturn fades away, they have differentiation because the worst is to miss an upturn because that's where most of the money is made. In this case, there's an additional substantial driver. And you've seen it with all the excitement, I would say, 5% hype and 95%, absolutely great understanding of the impact of what this will have on the world, where every vertical market is now committed to Smart Everything. Now the question is how quickly can they become smart? And they quickly discover that, well, the software is fantastic, the computation requirements of that software are fantastic, too. And so the race is on for more chips, faster chips and most importantly, chips where you can get high compute at low power. And so this plays into the core competencies that Synopsys has. And because simultaneously, there is a shortage of top designers, the productivity enhancements that we can bring about with our own AI have a material impact on that.
Harlan Sur: Thank you for that. And then as the team had anticipated on the last earnings call, you're demonstrating it with your guide on this call, right, you've seen a strong step-up in the second half. I think it's roughly about 11% half-on-half growth. And on a year-over-year basis, I think second half is going to be up like 20% plus. I know the team talked about second half weighting on renewal activity and also more IP consumption given the timing of some of your customers' design programs. IP was down slightly year-over-year in the first half. Is the team still anticipating half-to-half and year-over-year step up in IP for the second half?
Aart de Geus: Yes. I think in hindsight, I think we have mapped out the year pretty well. And you have to always map it out by also looking at the previous year, which was exceptional in its other directivity. It had very big growth early on and then less growth in the second half. Now we're back to essentially a normal year where you move left to right and bottom to up on an ongoing basis. And one of the reasons that we were able to map it pretty well is because we have a reasonable understanding of what designs are coming, what renewals, but also what IP will be pulled during the year from the needs of the different projects. So you can never quite forecast the future exactly, and so we may have been careful. But I think we had actually mapped pretty well, and we have a high degree of confidence on the numbers that we're guiding you to.
Shelagh Glaser: Yes. And I would just add, Harlan, I mean our teams are deeply embedded in the design team. So we have a really good understanding of where they are in terms of their needs from us, specifically on the IP side, which is set for a strong second half, which is traditional like Aart said.
Harlan Sur: Yeah, perfect. Thank you very much.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Your line is open.
Joseph Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. I guess I'll start, at this point, two of your peers have mentioned the expectation for some larger software renewals coming through in the second half of the year. I'm just wondering if maybe that commentary is representative of what might just be a stronger new business environment for the industry in the second half of the year and if you're seeing that? And then kind of related to the renewal conversation, given the backlog increased sequentially, I would imagine you're seeing some good renewals come through. Is the nature of what your customers are looking for changing at all? And I guess, embedded in the question is whether the AI products are increasingly being incorporated in the bigger renewals?
Aart de Geus: Well, let me work backwards on that one. Yes, AI is absolutely prominent in many transactions because either people have already very good experience in just racing to implement it in many more chips or use it on many more chips or they have heard from others and are racing to now look at how they can use it. At the same time, I would say that there's no alignment in big renewals across the industry. They happen whenever they happen for each one of the individual companies. But I would say that there are evolutions in industry. And the evolutions are that companies that in the past were sort of investing in chip design because they felt it was going to be important in the future. Now suddenly are realizing it has big impact on their future because they have to make architectural decisions, because they're certainly discovering that they do have a lot of data to do things with. And I'm talking about hyperscalers or big system design companies or then the semiconductor design companies that have this nonstop pressure from their customers, give me way more compute for less power and maybe roughly the same cost. And those are pressures that are challenging, but also exciting. So I would think that the industry is overall notwithstanding ups and downs of volumes is actually quite healthy and looking at the coming decade of great opportunities given the state-of-the-art of the software demand.
Joseph Vruwink: Okay. That's great. And then a question on your verification hardware business. As I think about your nonrecurring revenues and the growth there over time. I mean you've sustained just a very high CAGR in that business. And yet when I think about the demand for verification, sometimes it's been in geos that are building out a semiconductor supply chain. Sometimes it's new companies I think about like China being down year-on-year and yet it looked like your hardware business grew. So is the nature of growth in your verification business maybe coming from different sources than might have been the case in years past?
Aart de Geus: Well, I would say that it has broadened. A number of years ago, only very few companies would use hardware systems and verification, they would use it quite massively. But now many companies are doing that. And actually, there are two very different reasons. One is to use the verification assistance or the hardware to essentially accelerate tasks that used to do, which is verify the functionality of chips. We have long entered a different space with Synopsys, by being at the heart of the intersection between software and hardware. And there, the objective is essentially to mimic the hardware on machine or partially on a machine so that people can run the software to not only check if the hardware works, but just as importantly, how good is the software. And even more interestingly is can you optimize the software so that you use less energy in the computation. In other words, there's an interaction between hardware and software, that is a great place to optimize the actual computational costs. And so as you can imagine, running real software on machines that mimic the very chips you don't have yet is very complex. And we're doing very well with that. And the Server 5 that we just announced is yet another example of a big piece, all around the space of what we would call electronic digital twinning, which is created an artificial world on a computer and be able to exercise the real world on it to see what the results will look like.
Shelagh Glaser: Yes. And I would just share, we had shared that 2022 was a record hardware year. We expect '23 to be another record hardware year. So as Aart said, the demand is very strong across our customer base.
Joseph Vruwink: That's great. Thank you very much.
Aart de Geus: Thank you, Joe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Aart, I appreciate all your comments about mapping the year appropriately and seeing bidding the pattern that you had planned. But when I look at the quarter, the beat is still nice and suggest that something must have come in better than expected. Can you just elaborate where you exactly saw the strength and the upside? Thanks.
Aart de Geus: Well, it's always hard to say if it's better than expected of which -- we just worked harder at it. But the fact is I think we executed well. We have a number of key people in our management team that have been new to the company in the last year, and we are making really excellent progress of scaling Synopsys for the ability to work at this level. But simultaneously, I think that the trust built up with the customers and the breakthroughs and technologies that we've had in the last few years really bodes well going forward. And so I've plenty highlighted, I think, the AI in the preamble. But I'd like to also mention the fact that multi-die is really in many ways, the technology answer for a few additional decades of what I'd like to call Sys Moore, so systemic complexity Moore's Law, still an exponential ambition, but much more complex with multiple chips. And we are very well engaged with that. It is quite complex to do. And these are good things for us to deliver.
Jason Celino: Okay. Perfect. And then I did have an AI question, but it's actually for your security business. We've seen some examples of AI being used to write code and even and debug it. How do you think this may augment or evolve processes for developers going forward?
Aart de Geus: I think what we're seeing with AI that it will augment everything. Now not all the everything are created equal, right? So you need to have understanding of any of the fields or the disciplines to use AI well, but the ability to look at data from many different perspectives and many different interconnections opens the door to all kinds of advances. And so it shouldn't be surprising that Synopsys is well invested in many different explorations. And that includes the SIG area that includes every aspect of the company. But it's also exciting to see that with the approaches that we have taken that require a very high degree of accuracy, we've been successful. And so just to make a distinction, generative AI can do wonders with enormous amount of data, but it is not necessarily always correct. We cannot afford that. A single transistor doesn't work, the whole system doesn't work. And so we're in a class of AI that requires actually very rigorous computation. And -- but all of this is wide open. So it's an exciting time.
Jason Celino: Perfect. Okay. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about how transformational AI can be for the core EDA market. And the angle I'm taking here is that clearly, the core EDA market has grown faster than chip designers. And that really is driven by efficiency. That's what the AI and EDA stands for, right? And so my question is, how does AI further enhance the automation and chip design? How do you share with your customer savings on that? Could you just give us a sense of sort of the magnitude of the inflationary tailwind on a per seat license basis or maybe from a different perspective, how it transforms the growth rate of the core EDA market?
Aart de Geus: Well, it's only to say how it transforms the market because we are, I think, at the beginning of a decade of impact. It is not early to clarify the impact it already has. And for the very few of you that actually remember the beginning of Synopsys, we started in an era where automation was just beginning. And the synthesis at that time was certainly out of nowhere able in a matter of hours to do something that designers took many, many weeks to do. And in many ways, the AI that we have right now on entire subflows does exactly the same. And the reaction at that time by, I want to say, 5% of the designers, oh, you're taking my job away. But the other 95% said, oh, give it to me faster because now I can do so many new things. And by the way, the demand for gates will not stop. It will double. That was enormous. You could use exactly the same words today. Many companies and designers see that this impacts how they will be able to design very complex things where their own ingenuity greatly matters. But at the same time, gets multiplied with this capability to see many dimensions and many enormous amount of data all at the same time. So I think it is profoundly transformational. And we are seeing the benefit of that. And the benefit manifest itself through much of our tool chain because people tend to want to have a complete solution from Synopsys for precisely these capabilities.
Gary Mobley: Thanks for that, Aart. And may be a question more for Shelagh. But I appreciate the fact that your first half IP business is facing the tough year ago comp and thus the minor increase or excuse me decrease in the revenue. But what's driving the profitability headwind? If I'm not mistaken, there's a 10 to 12 percentage point degradation in the op margin. Is that mix related? Or are there some other factors factoring in there? Thank you.
Shelagh Glaser: So thanks for the question, Gary. Our IP business is super lumpy. And the way I kind of think about the IP business is we're always building new IPs. Aart talked about us having greater than 7,500 IPs on 340 process nodes. So we're constantly building and innovating new IPs, but then the customer pull down is based on when their design schedules are. So you're going to tend to see a lumpy operating margin. Over time, that operating margin is slightly below the corporate average. That's really the way we're managing it. But we'll see some variations quarter-on-quarter because we're not changing our resourcing because we've got to continue on that race to deliver those IP blocks, but the customer pull downs are really based on when their design need is.
Gary Mobley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Aart, you mentioned the adoption of multi-die designs. And I'm curious, what percentage of chip design starts do you think are in this multi-die architecture? And where do you see that going? And is there a way to quantify the benefit to Synopsys in that transition?
Aart de Geus: We're just at the beginning because -- just at the beginning at the same time, we track over 100 designs and multi-die is not simple design. So these are sophisticated investments. But what is very clear is that the adoption is accelerating, but more importantly is the notion that this is where the future is going. And as with any of these changes, some of the most invested parties move first and move aggressively. And then others follow when the risk declines, the cost equation becomes better. But the movement is moving fast forward. And from an understanding of the needs, we understand very well that a lot of the things that people want to do in specifically AI-related computation is only possible if they have more capabilities, i.e., way more chips working very closely together. A great example for that is actually automotive where a number of companies are looking at what is the architecture that they need in order to supply, let's say, Level 4 autonomous driving by roughly the end of this decade. And it's substantial. And it also takes a substantial amount of power to do all that computation. And that is one of the reasons that many are looking at doing their own solutions or teaming up with a few companies to do dedicated solutions for their car brand.
Vivek Arya: And for my follow-up, maybe one for Shelgah on operating margin expansion. So you mentioned you're raising the target 250 basis points. When I look over the last few years, I know your former target is to expand it by 100 basis points. But I think on an average, it's been over 250 basis points for the last several years, if my model is right. So first part of the question is what is helping the expansion this year? Is it -- sales are doing better, costs are under control? So what's the driver? And then what keeps them from expanding the way you have been able to expand over the last few years?
Shelagh Glaser: Well, I would start with we're very committed to both short-term and long-term margin expansion. And short-term, what's driving it is we're putting in some more rigorous financial control. So as we work through these great opportunities that Aart painted for us, how do we make sure that we properly scale ourselves. So that's really the improvement that we're putting forward the greater than 150 basis points, and we're committed to continuing to long-term improve margin.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Shi with Needham. Your line is open.
Charles Shi: Hey, thank you for letting me ask a couple of questions. So Aart, maybe first off, I want to ask a long-term question related to generative AI, not to your products, but to your customers' products. It looks like with all the news flows of the last quarter, the accelerated hardware right now seems to be converging to Nvidia GPUs. But I remember, over the past few years, I mean, at least for EDA industry, system companies designing on their own AI accelerators, AI start-ups, innovating in AI hardware has been a big driver for EDA. So my question is -- and maybe I'm just picking one very specific hardware AI accelerator here, but is the trend towards customer accelerators reversing? Or is it not quite reversing, but will likely continue? How do we think about what's going on in the trend there?
Aart de Geus: It's a race of all of the above. And kudos to Nvidia to have positioned themselves so well and be so unbelievably technically competent. At the same time, the very fact that there is such an interest and such an ambition on many parties to do well, some that have the ability themselves to develop acceleration for AI will absolutely do so. Others will team up, and yet others will really work well with Nvidia. So in general, when you have a new field that gets a lot of attention, you also get a lot of new innovation and new investments. And so I foresee that we will continue to see that moving forward at a pretty rapid clip because the demand is so high. Now underneath all of this, there are some very challenging problems. And so while the results that we've seen are truly exciting, figuring out some of the software solutions to make sure that the results are actually truthful, that you can actually protect the intellectual property. What was used, what's open, what's available, what's illegal, I mean there's a lot of technical questions that will demand even more compute. Simultaneously, because these systems are very powerful, the security and the safety will also be paramount. And I'd like to highlight that because we touch this at multiple places. We touch it obviously top-down through the software via our SIG side of the company, the Software Integrity Group. But we also touch it bottom up by virtue of putting mechanism in chips that help encrypt the data, provide root of trust, a unique identification, et cetera. And that's built into the IP and the design flows. So there's a lot of opportunity. Whenever the world changes, there's opportunity. And it changes at a very rapid pace. And that's why Sys Moore there's exponential part of Moore's Law is very much alive and well.
Charles Shi: Thank you, Aart. Maybe the next follow-up. On the second half acceleration, what -- can you kind of provide a little bit more color on what are the drivers? I think you mentioned about the better visibility into the IP drawdowns in the second half, but is that the majority of the drivers? And do you -- shall we expect that the EDA revenue run rate go higher into second half? Because I kind of noted that in fiscal second quarter, your EDA revenue actually broke the $900 million mark. By the way, congratulations on that. But so we expect that to trend higher into the second half? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Well, in order to deliver the results that we're guiding you to, you need to really see growth everywhere. And I think Shelagh already stated that IP is truly very lumpy. And I forget the exact comparison versus a year ago, but IP definitely has to contribute and will contribute in the second half to get to the numbers. But EDA is, of course, more ratable. And so there, we have a good assessment of the situation. So fundamentally, I think all cylinders will do well in the second half.
Shelagh Glaser: Yes. And I mean, obviously, the trend of first half, second half is more traditionally what we see. Last year was a little bit unusual and then a very balanced first half and second half. But we do expect growth across the businesses, and we do expect particular growth in our IP business.
Charles Shi: Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Aart, for you first, it was interesting to hear you speak about the extent of production deployments of AI so far in terms of your software as compared to what might have been perhaps more ad hoc or piloting or conservative implementation to this point, since historically, EDA customers are somewhat conservative in terms of how quickly they adopt new technology. The question for you is as that is occurring, what effect are you seeing or what the fact you expect in terms of your services revenue? You had an unusually flat sequential comp in terms of services. But you have been, on the other hand, investing substantially in the AE capacity. So maybe talk about that relationship? And then I have a follow-up.
Aart de Geus: Well, the adoption rate, I think, is the result of a) a great opportunity space for our customers to come out with new products, the need to have faster products. Secondly, the facts that very early on in our development and I gave you sort of the five-year time line for that, we're able to get good results. Good results was equivalent to what the traditional more human-driven design flow would do. And that's sort of an imperative. If you don't do that, people like automation, but they don't like to be not competitive. And after that, we were able to accelerate it substantially. And then the very productivity angle came in. And I would argue that probably the activity angle has been the singular most impressive in terms of the ability to move this forward. Now from a service point of view, our own teams have the ability to use all of these tools. Obviously, they have in-house teaching, so to speak. We don't discuss specifically our service business. But what is clear is that customers count on us to what I like to call, make it all work, which is the complexity of so many dimensions of multiple chips, of multiple challenges between hardware and software, between energy and thermal impact, between the utilization of certain technologies versus others. These are all things where we are a team with the customer. We have so many people of Synopsys, be it in service or in support, that are integral to the design teams of our customers. It's a privilege to be sort of in the kitchen. And in the kitchen, hopefully, they're doing a good job, including using our most advanced oven, so to speak, the AI oven here, right? So the teamwork component in the industry has grown. And that -- we predicted that quite a while ago. And many of you have heard me say that in English, we often use the term our success is the sum of our efforts. It's not. It's the product, single zero, everybody gets zero. And this applies to individual teams, but it also applies to the relationship between companies. And that's why it's exciting to be part of this wave of companies plotting entirely new horizons for themselves and be privileged to be part of it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: As a follow-up, there have been a number of questions about the second half. When we look at your inventories, which of course is related to your hardware business, there was a substantial sequential increase to a record level to just over $0.25 billion. How quickly do you think you'll be able to convert that into shipment? I assume you've got a pretty substantial pipeline now for emulation and prototyping behind that inventory number. So is -- are you expecting to convert that in the second half and thereby drive hardware revenue?
Shelagh Glaser: So we do expect this to be another record revenue year, and we're actually grateful to be able to build some inventory because we hadn't been able to build considerable inventory with some of the supply line destruction. So we're going to be able to service our customers, and we're really excited about that. So yes, you did see a big build of about 14%. And that's really so we can satisfy our customers' demand.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you, both.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Tilton with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Tilton: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Joshua Tilton: My first one, Aart, you might have alluded to it a little bit, but I kind of just want to ask it more clearly. Outside of all the productivity benefits that you're talking to from AI, do you expect these new AI tools or capabilities to make it more likely for a customer to want to choose a full flow from Synopsys versus maybe in the past where they might have put that flow together from numerous products from numerous vendors?
Aart de Geus: Absolutely. And there's a very good reason for that, which is that the tools have been optimized now to work in concert with each other. So this is not some individual musician, right? This is a choir that has to sing together in tune. And I alluded to the fact earlier that in contrast to many other AI applications where the outcome can be in the ballpark and be very useful. We cannot be in the ballpark. We have to be meticulously correct. And so many of our tools are actually specialized and best-in-class in verifying timing, power, layout ability, correctness. And so these are absolute necessity to make this work. And I think as we move to more and more designs, this is going to be true in a broader set of tasks and at different levels of obstruction. And so this is, by the way, why we have created Synopsys.ai, which is essentially a suite of tools working in different areas. And so the stream that we've highlighted is design. And in simple terms design is you know create it and make it as small as possible, as fast as possible as low power as possible. But just as important, some would say even more important is verification, which is does it actually do the function that it's supposed to do. Does it multiply two and three and not get five, but get six, right? You have to be absolutely correct. And then test is yet another aspect that is the whole, does it still work? And does it work well after you manufacture it because a number of things can go wrong there as well. And so broadening these capabilities on top of a set of tools that continually optimize individually, but also as a team, if I can call it that, is one of the key reasons why I think we're doing so well.
Joshua Tilton: Super helpful. And then just for my follow-up, it has been kind of a tough go for some of the pure-play security names this quarter so far. SIG revenue growth is obviously pretty fantastic in the quarter, but it's kind of a lagging indicator. Can you just maybe talk to how the SIG bookings have been trending? And maybe just what gives you confidence that you can continue to sustain that growth in SIG that you're seeing today throughout the rest of the year?
Aart de Geus: Well, we don't disclose bookings, but we did say that there is a headwind that we have seen in that business, mostly viewed by virtue of people delaying some purchases or having more level of signature that are needed. And that should not be a surprise because things like security, you can always argue are super important, but they're rarely urgent until the next day. And so over time, we expect that to rectify itself because the sum total of the entire product base is highly dependent on actually the security of every layer. And while SIG for us is still, I would say, fairly high in the level of obstruction compared to the rest of our business, recently, we've seen some very interesting areas such as automotive, where OEMs are buying from us the security for the software sort of coming down and the security for the hardware moving up. And so in that sense, it becomes an area that we will continue to invest in, and I think it is crucial for the future. But it is clear that the EDA and IP areas have been particularly strong at this point in time.
Shelagh Glaser: Yes. And I would add that our long-term view of that business is 15% to 20% due to some of the headwinds that Aart mentioned. We think we're probably closer to the lower end of that, closer to the 15% this year. Thanks, guys. Very helpful.
Shelagh Glaser: Thanks.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Stifel. Your line is open.
Ruben Roy: Thank you. Aart, I had a couple of AI questions. I'll ask them both the question and the follow-up. As the AI product family starts to take shape 200 tape-outs or production tape-outs, I guess, you said. Are you seeing kind of a sweet spot in kind of where AI is being implemented in terms of either I don't know, type of design, gate count or is it kind of a broad-based usage of AI? And the follow-up to that, I guess, longer term, I was wondering if you think that as the AI tools develop, if you think that either semiconductor companies or non-traditional semiconductor companies that historically might have been reluctant to design custom semiconductors, right, because of the expense and maybe went to merchant ships that were invested or FPGAs or what have you, do you think that your productivity improvement from AI may push those customers towards custom semi designs in the future? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Well, those are great questions because as you were asking them, I was feverishly thinking, okay, what have we indeed done? And you may know that many, many years ago, we coined the term Techonomics as really this notion of at any point in time, judging the advances of technology through the economic feedback loop or the opposite, looking at the economics that are possible and then figuring out which technology would have the shortest-term impact. And so it's not by accident that we focused first on DSO. And by the way, it was DSO for really advanced designs because these are really, really hard. And actually, you can sort of almost feel that the human ability to see all while extraordinary from an architecture point of view gradually diminishes for the details. And so when you're certainly dealing with literally trillions of decisions in a design, many are very small decisions, but a small decision can corrupt the design in weird ways, automation can really handle that better. And so that is where we started. We then decided to broaden to other areas that have high economic impact. And so verification, it falls in that category because since beginning of at least electronic time, you were never done verifying. It was all the question how much can you afford? And if you could, for the same price get twice as much, you would absolutely go for it. And so the benefit was a very positive feedback. And in many ways, the same for test, where every test that you do on a tester machine costs money for the manufacturing people. And so instead of 50,000 tests you can do 25,000 tests and get the same quality of results that is economically viable. But your question is an interesting second ramification, which is this whole question of -- are there certain things in custom design that could be impacted. And here we have not really formally announced anything, but we have absolutely great results in a number of customers already retargeting from one technology node to another. And these are good examples that will become very relevant for much of the customer design and a number of other things as well. So we raced forward on the hottest vector, so to speak, but we have also substantially broadened. And that's the reason that we put the investments into have a suite, so many common mechanisms in Synopsys.ai
Ruben Roy: I appreciate that details, Aart. That's all I had. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Thank you, Ruben.
Operator: Our last question will come from Gianmarco Conti with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Gianmarco Conti: Hi, there. Thanks for taking my questions. I appreciate your comments on hardware. I'm sorry to touch again on this. I was wondering if you could maybe share a little bit more detail about the demand environment here, both on emulation and prototyping? Given we're sitting in H1, do you have full visibility into 2023 fiscal year on the hardware deliveries? And are the emulation trends – ultimately how should we think about the hardware development beyond the 2023 given 2022 was indeed a record year and 2023 is expected also to be a record year from a harder perspective. I'm just trying to think here, will there be a point in time where near term companies would have caught up on computational power for a year or two until the next big challenge comes? And then I'll ask a follow-up after. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, there are record years and record years, right? If you're growing a company, hopefully, on a linear scale or trailing 12 months or so, you're a little bit record every quarter. The last few years have been particularly lumpy for a variety of reasons, some to do directly with hardware, some to do with supply chains and some to do with COVID changing the world. And so in aggregate, though, if you buy into my premise that there will be more and more need for fast verification, hardware-accelerated verification is absolutely worthwhile because of the speed that you can get. On top of that, the intersection with software is a little bit more complex than that because we have not only hardware verification but also virtual verification and combination of the two. And that's why Synopsys is so well positioned at that intersection. But be it as it may, all of those things are going to continue to increase in importance. And our job is to just keep up a) from the technologies that are available to us. Now we're on the spot of delivering something that has to be state-of-the-art. Secondly, to make that in such a fashion that it's economically, i.e. Techonomics for our customers viable and so on. And we have to deliver the fact that they will need more. And so that is a self-regulating business opportunity, but there's no doubt whatsoever that this will continue for quite a while.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A session for today. I now would like to the call back to Synopsys' CEO, Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Well, thank you again for participating. I hope that you got the sense that we had a very strong quarter and that we're enthusiastic about the future, be it technology-wise and business-wise. And in all cases, we're always thankful for your participation in this event. Have a good rest of the day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-02-15 18:25:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2023. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Phil Lee, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Phil Lee: Good afternoon, everybody. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chair and CEO of Synopsys; and Shelagh Glaser, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking information regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important risk factors that may affect our future results and performance are described in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.  In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to certain of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures a discussion of certain non-GAAP financial measures that we are not able to reconcile without unreasonable efforts and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are readily available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on our website at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. Q1 delivered a very solid start to the year. Building on our strength and momentum from 2022, we met or exceeded all of our guidance targets.  Revenue was $1.36 billion, with non-GAAP operating margin at 35.2%, resulting in GAAP earnings per share of $1.75. And non-GAAP earnings above the high end of our target range at $2.62. Based on the continued robust design activity, we remain confident in our business. We are reaffirming our full year guidance for revenue and non-GAAP op margin improvement while raising guidance for non-GAAP EPS.  In the last few years, Synopsys has grown and evolved substantially. Commensurately, we are evolving our financial reporting. Starting in Q1, we are reporting our business in three segments: Design Automation, which includes design software, verification software and hardware and other EDA products. Design IP, a broad portfolio, including libraries, embedded memories, connectivity solutions, processor cores and security devices. And Software Integrity, which remains unchanged from previous reporting and deliver solutions to improve software quality and security.  To give you a relative sense of proportion, Design Automation is about 65% of our revenue. Design IP is approximately 25% and Software Integrity is about 10%. While these numbers are approximate, the 65%, 25%, 10% split is easy to remember and represents well how we think of our present business. We have leadership positions and excellent outlooks in all three segments. As the market leader in design automation, we see continued technical innovation towards still much, much more complex silicon and system designs.  As the company with the broadest portfolio of IP, we see a continuation of designs, needing more communication bandwidth, processing, storage and security in still more advanced silicon technologies. And for our Software Integrity business, we are a key enabler of modern software security with a leading portfolio of products for developers, the DevOps groups and the corporate security teams. Shelagh will discuss the financials in more detail. Looking at the overall market picture, already 12 years ago, we identified the intersection of big data and machine learning as leading us into the age of Smart Everything. Today, smart everything is in full swing. You may have seen the fantastic new capabilities showcased recently by applications such as ChatGPT. It clearly shows how far Smart Everything has come and also how much further the opportunity space reaches. Indeed, this is playing out as every vertical market is now driving towards more and more sophisticated solutions with an unsatiable need for compute.  While some present market undercurrents drive many companies to strive for efficiency, our semiconductor and systems customers continue to prioritize investments in the design of complex chips and software to make all of this possible. Synopsys is in the midst of this quest, and we see our purpose to be a key catalyst enabling the smart everything world. With our customers and partners, our role is to make this all work to the state-of-the-art solutions ranging from the deep physics of silicon to the heights of performance, power and security of complex hardware software systems.  Over the past several years, we have successfully invested in groundbreaking innovations that radically advance how silicon and system design is done. So let me begin with the Design Automation segment, which accounts for about 65% of our revenue and share some highlights around our groundbreaking DSO.ai artificial intelligence design solution. With already well over 100 commercial production designs DSO.ai continues to deliver amazing results for our customers. Applied simultaneously to multiple steps of the design flow, it reduces efforts from months to now weeks while simultaneously delivering higher performance and lower power.  Customer adoption continued to accelerate across a wide range of process nodes and market verticals. We already put in production designed by nine of the top 10 semiconductor leaders, customers such as Samsung, Intel, MediaTek, ST Microelectronics and many others are reporting impressive achievements.  In Q1, we saw multiple additional deployments across verticals, including mobile, data center and memory designs. Meanwhile, we have extended our machine learning capabilities to other EDA workloads ranging from verification to test to custom design. These new solutions are already in customer hand showing excellent impact and promise. Critical to the success of DSO.ai are the powerful design engines that sit underneath. The DSO.ai is thus also driving significant cross-selling and accelerated growth across our EDA products.  Specifically, our Fusion Compiler momentum is manifested across a wide spectrum of market verticals and manufacturing processes. During the quarter, we achieved multiple advanced node design wins, including a key win at a large hyperscaler and a three-nanometer node design at a leading mobile provider. Fusion compile is used a 95% of advanced node designs at three-nanometer and below with the majority exclusively using Synopsys flows, stimulated by a wave of high-value innovations customers from high-performance computing to hyperscalers continue to expand their reliance on Synopsys throughout our portfolio.  Our custom solutions, for example, saw continued market momentum in Q1 and as we added nine new logos in the quarter with a robust market pipeline. All these highly complex designs need to work both correctly and work under multiple conditions and scenarios like temperature, voltage, manufacturing variability and so on.  That's where our verification tools come in. While verification is fundamentally an unbounded problem, our state-of-the-art simulation, emulation and prototyping products tackle these tough challenges at unparalleled speed with the fastest engines, highest capacity and lowest cost of ownership.  Building on another record year in 2022, we continue to see excellent growth in hardware with both our ZeBu emulation and HAPS prototyping products. This quarter, we achieved major expansions with our Zibo EP1 and HAPS 100 hardware as several of the largest semiconductor systems and hyperscaler companies in the world.  Meanwhile, multi-die system design, sometimes also called chiplet-based design is opening a whole new era of silicon complexity. In Q1, our differentiated multi-die solution around 3D IC Compiler continued its strong momentum deployed on production tape-outs at the top, high-performance computing chip supplier and a large networking systems company.  Let me move to Design IP, which is, as I mentioned, about 25% of our business. Third-party IP, think of it as the LEGO blocks of chip design continues to grow in complexity and importance. Our market-leading IP portfolio, by far the broadest in the industry, continues to grow with high demand in high-performance compute, automotive and mobile markets fueled by Smart Everything, multi-die systems and high speed and secure connectivity.  While maintaining technical leadership, we've broadened our portfolio with new high-speed interfaces in three and four-nanometer processes to serve HPC and mobile applications at the leading edge.  In the automotive market, we see strong adoption of automotive-grade IP solutions by OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers now developing their own chips. Meanwhile, multi-die systems require a whole new portfolio of state-of-the-art die-to-die interface IP. The recently introduced UCIA protocol short for universal chiplet Interconnect Express has become the standard of choice. Synopsys is leading in this area with an industry milestone the tape-out of the first UC IE test chip on a major foundry three-nanometer process node.  The increased silicon multichip and high-speed computation push enables enormous advances in the software world. This brings me to our Software Integrity segment, which as mentioned, accounts for about 10% of our revenue. As every vertical market is developing highly complex, big data-driven systems, their requirements for security and safety continue to expand. Our Software Integrity solutions enable organizations to improve and manage the security and quality of software across a wide range of industry verticals from semiconductors and systems to financial services, automotive, industrial, health and more. While this continues to be one area where we feel some caution from the macro environment, we had a good start to the year with several multiyear, multiproduct transactions and sustained momentum in our indirect channel. We continue to evolve and strengthen our multiproduct platform to help companies gain more comprehensive insight and drive increasingly robust top-down software risk management.  Customers who purchased two or more solutions now account for the majority of our Software Integrity revenue as we drive cross-selling opportunities and continue to scale our application security testing platform. In summary, Q1 was a very solid start to the year, delivering strong financial results. We are reiterating our fiscal '23 revenue growth at 14% to 15% as well as non-GAAP operating margin expansion of more than 100 basis points. We are raising guidance for fiscal '23 non-GAAP EPS growth to 18% to 19%. Notwithstanding continued macroeconomic choppiness, our customers continue to prioritize their investments in chips and systems.  In addition, our resilient business model provides a level of stability uncommon in most software companies. Meanwhile, our high-impact innovation pipeline across our entire portfolio is driving technical differentiation while solidifying our foundation for continued business growth.  With that, I'd like to welcome Shelagh Glaser to our first Synopsys earnings call. We are thrilled to have her on board as a financial, operational and scaling experience as well as a deep understanding of the semiconductor industry are a great asset to Synopsys as we drive exciting growth ambitions. With that, I'll turn it over to Shelagh.
Shelagh Glaser: Great. Thank you, Aart, and thank you to the Synopsys team for such a warm welcome. It's an honor to join a company with a long heritage of innovation and market leadership. I look forward in taking part to drive Synopsys into the next phase of growth in the era of smart everything as well as meeting all of you in the investment community. We delivered a very solid start to the year with revenue above the midpoint of our guided range, non-GAAP operating margin of 35.2% and non-GAAP earnings above the high end of our target range. Our Q1 results were driven by our execution and strong technology portfolio that is expanding customer commitments. Robust chip and system design activity despite lower semiconductor industry revenue growth and a resilient, stable, time-based business model was $6.9 billion in non-cancelable backlog.  We remain confident in our business, and as a result, we are reaffirming our full year 2023 targets for revenue and non-GAAP operating margin improvement and raising our full year outlook for non-GAAP EPS due to a lower tax rate. I'll now review our first quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.36 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $1.11 billion, which includes approximately $41 million in restructuring costs. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $882 million, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 35.2%. GAAP earnings per share were $1. 75, non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.62.  As Aart mentioned, we are expanding our segment reporting to align with how we're managing the business. Starting in Q1, we are now reporting three segments, Design Automation, Design IP and Software Integrity. Design Automation segment revenue was $890 million with both EDA software and hardware performing well. Design Automation adjusted operating margin was 38. 9%. Design IP segment revenue was $344 million, and adjusted operating margin was 34. 2%.  Software Integrity revenue was $128 million and adjusted operating margin was 12.1%. We are on track to reach our 15% to 20% revenue growth objective for Software Integrity with increased adjusted operating margin in 2023. Turning to cash. We generated $115 million in operating cash flow. We used $306 million of our cash for stock buybacks. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $1.3 billion and total debt of $21 million targets. Now to guidance. For fiscal year 2023, the full year targets are: revenue of $5.775 billion to $5. 825 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $4.54 billion and $4.59 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.81 billion and $3.84 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin improvement of more than 100 basis points. Non-GAAP tax rate of 16%. GAAP Earnings of $7. 12 to $7.30 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $10.53 to $10.60 per share. Cash flow of operations of approximately $1.65 billion, which includes approximately $40 million to $50 million in restructuring costs. Now to targets for the second quarter. Revenue between $1.36 billion and $1.39 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $1.085 billion and $1.105 billion, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $917 million and $927 million, GAAP earnings of $1.62 to $1.72 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $2.45 to $2.50 per share. In conclusion, we delivered a very solid start to the year. While the underlying macroeconomic environment is choppy, we continue to execute and for the year, expect 14% to 15% revenue growth. Non-GAAP operating margin improvement of more than 100 basis points and 18% to 19% non-GAAP EPS growth. Our confidence reflects our innovative technology portfolio, ongoing design activity by our customers who continue to invest through semiconductor cycles and the stability and resiliency of our time-based business model. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Joe Vruwink with Baird.
Joe Vruwink : Great. Thanks, everyone. Wanted to begin maybe with how the nature of your relationship with customers is changing as they adopt DSO.ai. How does this alter the share of a project wallet you're able to achieve? And then -- how close might we be to this product receiving maybe more of an enterprise-wide buy-in as opposed to project-specific buy-ins. I guess, at the heart of this question, when you next enter the period of big enterprise renewals when we would typically expect your backlog to inflect higher do you think tools like DSO drive a pretty meaningful and visible step-up in total contract values?
Aart de Geus : Well, going backwards on your question, yes, I think it will drive positive growth for Synopsys. And starting at the beginning of your question, which was how does it change the relationship. It's been actually quite remarkable as we started to travel again this year that after a number of years of being at least physically distant, the relationship with many of our customers have evolved substantially.  And I think a big piece of that comes from the fact that they all realize that the technology is becoming way more complex. And actually, in a good way, meaning that both this continuation on the traditional Moore's Law, but there's also a whole set of systems interactions be it when you have multiple dies or if you have hardware and software interactions that all demand a degree of automation that is way more sophisticated.  And so in the midst of that, comes the entry now for us a little bit over two years ago of capabilities that really change how design is done. And moreover, it changes them in a very similar fashion like Synthesis literally many decades ago, it automates things that previously were thought to not be automatable. And it does this in a fraction of the time and with better results.  And so the engagements have been extremely fast. And the very fact that we can point at so many production designs, we're not talking people trying stuff out. Many tried it out. And then in the midst of the trial, they said, well, I want to reuse these results because they're better than what I had before, and that project is not finished yet. And so the adoption is fast. At the same time, you would say, well, what would slow it down? Well, what slows it down is, are they sure that the tools don't make mistakes that it's actually proven technology. And the answer has been a resounding yes. That's why all these production designs are using it.  So I see extremely high opportunity space for us there. And moreover, I think that is touching the tip of the iceberg. Now how that turns into contract evolutions. Well, that's the negotiation scale that we will need to bring to bear and they will need to bring to bear. But fundamentally, I think we add a lot of value to what they can do. And I think we will be suddenly rewarded in some way from that.
Joe Vruwink : Okay. That's great. Thanks, Aart. Just in terms of the forecast you're presenting for the April quarter, how much different is this than maybe what you internally were planning for a quarter ago? I guess, has anything changed in terms of design starts influencing the IP business. And obviously, you're reiterating the full year. So do you still see the volumes unchanged but maybe a bit more in the second half than you were originally assuming?
Shelagh Glaser : So this year, we are more back half weighted, and that actually is traditionally what we were in 2020 and 2021. 2022 was a bit unusual, and that was quite balanced between the first half and the second half. I would say we're not seeing any change in design. We're not seeing projects be canceled or projects shifted out we're seeing robust design activity. And as you note, I mean, really, the timing of revenue and the timing for us is aligned with when we sign the big deals and when the customers have pulled down things for their own product schedules.
Joe Vruwink : Okay. Thank you very much. 
Shelagh Glaser : Thank you. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino : Great. Thanks for taking my question. I think, first of all, thanks for breaking out the Design Automation margins and the IP margins. It's interesting to see that. When I think about the improvement potential for both, what are the levers that you have? Or how should we think about the improvement versus the other? Thanks. 
Aart de Geus : Well, I think the first thing to think about it is while it was not visible individually for these pieces, over the last four, five years, we have substantially improved the margins throughout the company. And by disclosing some of the numbers, specifically on the IP, which you probably haven't seen before, I hope that you realize that this was probably better than you were expecting. Because as you know, developing IP is actually a very sophisticated and somewhat labor-intense job.  Having said that, I think we have improved steadily largely because we're actually getting better at what we do and we do more of it. And so there's the benefit of scaling and the benefit of improving our processes. And hopefully, from our preambles, you understood that we will continue to continue to improve the company from a profitability point of view. And in IP, we see actually a very fertile horizon because with the increasing complexity that I mentioned earlier, there are a lot of companies that are coming into doing chips that have never done it before. And they have no history, no reason to start doing a lot of IP themselves. Actually, they move very quickly by acquiring IP and then taking it from there.  In many ways, the same is true on the Software Integrity side, but from a different perspective, which is the perspective that as you grow as a software company, you get leverage out of the sheer business model and the leverage on the work that you have to do. And so we have said all along that by the time Software Integrity would be around the 10% of our business, which it is, we will continue now to push on the ops margin while continuing to push on growth and there's opportunity on both sides.
Jason Celino : Okay. Maybe just as my quick one follow-up. Do you feel that the margin profile on the core design automation side still has some room for…?
Aart de Geus : There's always room, right? And when you look at yourself, you always saying, wow, there's so many things we could do better. And then the key is how to implement it and move it forward. And so yeah, I do think that there's opportunity there as well. But all three cylinders or thee segments here of the engine have to all push themselves forward in the same direction in order to improve the company. And I think we are well on track with that.
Shelagh Glaser : Yeah. And I would just reiterate that our goal that we have for the year is to improve greater than 100 basis points in our margin. So we're very committed to driving that.
Jason Celino : Perfect. Thank you both. 
Aart de Geus : Thank you, Jason.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Charles Shi with Needham & Company.
Charles Shi : Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. Hey, I really want to come back and ask you around AI and the ChatGPT, I'm just taking it as an example. I think that some people are thinking about this is the competition between really between Microsoft and Google, but there are some other people think this is actually a competition between GPU and TPU, I mean, tensor processing unit that Google internally developed. But what is your view there?  The reason why I tried to ask this is that as everybody knows, TPUs kind of like the in-house designs from hyperscalers and well in-house designs by the system companies, they benefit companies like Synopsys, right? So I just want to check because I don't exactly want you to comment on your customer, but this hopefully, you can provide you a vision on this. Are this trend on AI? Is it going to lead to more of the custom chip designs? Or what's your thought there? Thank you.
Aart de Geus : Well, I want to agree with every statement you made, meaning the race is on in every dimension because whenever in our field, and this is true for history, there's some major breakthroughs, some everybody realized, wow, this is possible. Therefore, other things must be possible. And so the fact that the usual suspects, so to speak, that you mentioned, will suddenly put a major emphasis on trying to all catch up with each other or do each other.  It is also true that we had said for, I want to say, at least half a decade that from our perspective, chip design is increasingly driven by verticals down, meaning that every end market has by now realized that they need to do something smart and that their domain can benefit by doing it specifically for their problem.  And so optimizing for agriculture is just not the same as for automotive, and it's not the same as finance and phone. And of course, people want to win and they can win with better algorithms but they can also win with better algorithms multiplied by much better chips. And so that's why we see -- we will see a continuation of new chips, derivatives of chips and I think a very fertile ground for the semiconductor industry and therefore, for us.
Charles Shi : Thank you, Aart. Maybe a follow-up question back to this question, another analyst had just asked. On the operating margin side, very pleasantly surprised by the 41% operating margin of your Design IP business in Q1 '22. Just want to really come back to the point. I think there's a premise that the IP may be structurally lower margin than EDA, well, partly because it's more labor-intensive Aart, as you mentioned, but it looks like it's probably not always the case, at least on a quarterly basis, but on an annual basis going forward, shall we be thinking about IP operating margin is kind of in line with design automation or there may still be some gap despite there may be some quarter-to-quarter fluctuations from here? Thank you.
Shelagh Glaser : So two things I want to make sure there are really quarterly fluctuations in IP. There's the natural ebb and flow when customers pull down, and they've got a design that we're supporting and that is a bit more labor-intensive because we're building out IPs, just as already even talked about for multiple nodes, multiple IP standards. So we're always moving to the next domain. And there is a lumpiness, just an inherent lumpiness with the customer pull down.  And over time, we think about that margin is slightly lower than the overall corporate margin and EDA as being slightly higher.
Charles Shi : Thank you, Shelagh. Thank you, Aart. 
Aart de Geus : Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Gary Mobley : Good evening everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. Welcome to the call, Shelagh. Regarding the assumption that second half fiscal year '23 revenue is 12% higher than the first half. I'm curious if this assumption is based on higher upfront licensing and I guess more specifically, maybe some lumpiness related to the hardware verification business. Or is this fully supported by the remaining performance obligations or in general, the backlog?
Shelagh Glaser : It's a combination really of all those things. So as we think about our business, our design IP business has a lumpiness to it just in terms of aligning with customers' product starts our schedules aligned with that. We do, as you mentioned, have a significant backlog that we balance through the year, and then hardware does have some lumpiness with customers depending on when their schedules to take possession of it. Aart?
Aart de Geus : Yeah. By the way, just building on the comment that Sheila made earlier. If you look at our revenue quarter-by-quarter over, I'd say, four, five, six, seven years, you would see that 2022 was actually an anomaly with a particularly high push early in the year. And you may recall that at that point in time, there was also euphoria in the market.  Actually, the much more normal is essentially a gradual slope moving up. And of course, there's some sales phenomena that the first quarter tends to be weaker than the last one because everybody works hard on the last one. But having said that, I think this is, in many ways, the profile of a normal year.
Gary Mobley : Got it. Okay. Aart, I haven't heard you mention silicon life cycle management recently or maybe I missed it. I did. But maybe if you can just give us an update on where that new product set stands in terms of customer adoption?
Aart de Geus : Sure. Actually, recently, must be the last 30 minutes because it's actually a topic I love to talk about because we're making excellent advances in there. And we're finding that the domains of applicability are broader than what initially motivated us. And the initial motivation came somewhat from the automotive field, which is clearly going into a very deep redo of what a car is all about. And I'm not thinking here of the electrification, which is also happening that the whole notion of essentially a software-driven device literally.  And with that comes the question, when you have very sophisticated chips in there, how do you know they still work? And that is where the life cycle management is essentially a set of steps that start at the very development of the chip of putting certain sensors inside of the chip, having the ability to query them in a smart way about potential failures or abnomalies, I should say, and then do that through the manufacturing, through the installation through the early years but also over life cycle, literally of the car. And so that was a key driver.  Turns out that the other fields that have life cycle stresses that are in a different way just as high, such as compute centers that are really very sensitive about some servers going down and wanting to hide that from their customers or, I should say, protect their customers from that.  And so the opportunities are broad. And this fits very well, I think the Synopsys profile because One of our skill set is that we have skills in many different phases of the whole system design development and utilization. And there are things that are truly close to silicon physics here all the way to very sophisticated test techniques and AI utilization to assess the results. And so we see excellent growth here and see that this will be a long-term broad project for us.
Gary Mobley : Thank you, Aart. 
Aart de Geus : Thank you, Gary. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Yeah, thank you. Good evening. Aart, one of the interesting phenomenon in your organic headcount growth over the last number of years has been the seemingly large investments you've made in AE capacity. And so the question is, could you speak generally about the utilization that you're seeing of that AE capacity investment. And specifically, what kind of resources are being called upon for DSO.ai SLM, which you just mentioned or any other newer product areas to which AE capacity is being directed. And then I'll ask my follow-up.
Aart de Geus : Well, it's a great question because whenever we introduce new technology, you have two or three different steps. The first thing is, obviously, how quickly can 1 make it useful for a customer given their flows, their ways of doing things and adapt it essentially to their situation while at the same time, teaching them the basics of how to run it to get good results.  Once you have done that, it never ends because once you get good results, they want great results. And of course, there's a lot we can do by optimizing things for their circumstances. And this is going to be somewhat different for different types of products, of course. By the time you talk about something like SLM, it goes in many different directions because now you have the intersection of testing techniques, built-in sensor or techniques all the way to how ultimately does this get designed into the system with learning capabilities and fast interpretation on chip.  And so in general, I think we are going to broaden the skill set to be more and more multidisciplinary as we have some people that obviously are very deep in different areas. And the people that can handle a broader swath of the design flow for the customer or with the customer, I should say, is important. The last two comments is with some of the newer entrants into chip design, they really are looking for a lot of automation as much as possible upfront. And sometimes that's helpful because there are also no preconceived notions of how things should be done. And one can start right away with brand new flows, reuse of IT and so on.  So in general, it's a multiplier on our business and the quality of our people and the trust relationship becomes more and more important as we are working deep in the production designs of our customers.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Okay. So with regard to segment reporting, once upon a time, which is to say, back in the primary era of 2018, one of the segments you used to report was DFM which is reasonably sizable at the time, and I imagine it's grown as a whole physical verification category has grown. But with all of the new fab construction activity that's underway, particularly here in the U.S., could you perhaps talk about the progress of that business? Or how are you looking at the growth of that DFM business since you last talked about it, at which time was already $0.25 billion.
Aart de Geus : Well, while we don't disclose in detail what the size is of this, it is part of our Design Automation segment. And as you can imagine, the technology has become dramatically more complex as we also go to much smaller device sizes. But that very complexity is also the reason why we are more and more involved in the development of advanced technologies with the customer. And there's absolutely a great return for the customer in doing that because more and more doing and the fab is extremely expensive, but it also takes a long time before you have results.  And so the more you can essentially build what today would be called digital twins of how things are manufactured and model it electrically the better. So this is an area that we see good growth in and certainly very high strength for Synopsis. And again, I'll use the word trust because -- this -- we are really very much inside of the silicon kitchen here.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Thank you, Aart. 
Aart de Geus : Thank you, Jay. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vivek Aria with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya : Thanks for taking my question. I'm probably nitpicking here, but if I go over the last few years, you were able to raise full year sales outlook almost consistently every quarter. And even when I go to the last call, there was a statement about steady growth throughout the year. That's why I find it surprising, you're not raising your outlook for the year? I mean 14%, 15% is obviously still very impressive. But what is different or do you think, between this year versus the last few years in terms of how you saw steady upside throughout the year, but you're not seeing it so far this year.
Aart de Geus : Well, let me just remind you that last quarter, many of you commented that they were surprised that we do 14% to 15% given the uncertainty in the market. I think where we stand right now is that we have a solid understanding of what our customers are doing. -- we all understand that there's still some open questions on the market, but it feels at least in our domain that we were relatively correct in estimating what would be reasonable to shoot for, for this year. And so at this point in time, we don't see a need to change those numbers.  And it's almost impossible to compare one year to another because all the years are so different. And -- but right now, I think we're on a really good track.
Vivek Arya : Got it. And then as the cost to move to more advanced nodes becomes expensive, is that a positive or a headwind to your sales growth? Does it mean fewer design starts because it's very expensive to do three-nanometer or two-nanometer design, but then maybe they become more tool intensive. So I'm just curious, how is it netting out for Synopsys?
Aart de Geus : Well, for starters, I don't think that there are fewer design starts. I think the race is very much on. Secondly, we've always believed that complexity is a good thing for us because we are an enabler, and I saw and in all of the people developing the new technologies. But hopefully, they stand at least a little bit of all of us to the fact that we have learned to use massive number of transistors.  And I think we have now a fabulous new horizon, which is going from one to multiple chips that are in very close proximity is actually a technology feat in itself. And we're in the midst of that, and it is really exciting that a number of the top leaders in this field are doing production design with us already. And so this is active learning, and so I'm not worried that it's going to get in the way on the contrary, I think. And I'm on record of having said many times now that a whole new age of systemic complexity has opened up and it retains one characteristic from the past, which is there's unbelievable exponential ambition formulated by Gordon more many years ago.  Now in a completely different context absolutely continues. The race is on, there's new opportunities. So I want to almost say, bring it on.
Vivek Arya : Thank you. 
Aart de Geus : Thank you. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ruben Roy with Stifel.
Ruben Roy : Thank you. I had a follow-up on the DSO. A question that was asked at the beginning part of the Q&A. And I guess the first part of my question is in terms of implementation of the tool, can you talk a little bit about how your customers guide [ph] to see the 100 commercial pays. But I'm wondering about how customers are using the tool? Is it more a cloud-based implementation that your then I have a quick follow-up following that answer. Thank you. 
Aart de Geus : Great question. Actually, it's both. Remember, though, that the most advanced customers, the biggest ones have themselves enormous clouds. But it's interesting, even there, we see a number of people that say, well, what it had way more compute for a couple of weeks. Could you still better? And the very fact that they are experimenting with that is very exciting because you can still do better. But we have also a number of customers that are now really driving towards wanting to move their company to more cloud-based computation. And we're completely capable and on top of running it in those circumstances.  So I think we'll continue to see both, but overall, it's going to be spreading among more and more customers. There's no doubt about that.
Ruben Roy : Right. Okay. And the follow-up to that is the beauty of AI and Generative AI, we've been hearing a lot about it, obviously, over the last few weeks and months is the concept of learning as the systems get more information. And so I would think that, that would tend to mean that as we move forward here and the system gets better on learning, whether it's fiscal layout or improving some of the sensification [ph] that you talked about, that it should accelerate in use cases. Is that the right way to think about DSO.ai?
Aart de Geus : It's absolutely a good way to think about it because you're absolutely right. When a product can essentially improve itself over time, what is there to find negative about that? That is great. The results do get better. But generally, it's not only the product that's getting better. It is also the product understanding of the specific design that's working on getting better. And we often forget that, well, a lot of people talk about, is this new design we're doing and new design we're doing.  In fact, there's many of these signs are derivatives of already existing designs. And we have fantastic evidence of demonstrating that when DSO.ai was used on an earlier version that it has a lot of stuff that it can learn from that version and directly apply to the next incarnation of the chip. And that includes, by the way, if that chip needs to go to a different silicon technology or if that chip gets a few other additional blocks to let's say, personalize it to a different customer of the customer.  And I think there is a lot of potential in all of these things to still do way, way, way better, but the advances are remarkable. And we're tracking this, and we see quarter-by-quarter new breakthroughs in many things. And that's absolutely exciting.
Ruben Roy : Appreciate that detail, Aart. Thanks. 
Aart de Geus : You're welcome. Thank you. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gianni Conti with Deutsche Bank.
Giani Conti : Yeah. Hi, there. And thank you for taking my questions. So maybe starting with FIG. Could you maybe share some more color on its performance this quarter and whether you've seen any new wins versus backdrop from clients pushing away maybe some projects that were in the pipeline previously. I'd imagine the professional services arm and maybe some of those initial cities would be those are suffering a little bit more. However, I mean, it's still great to see that growth is higher from our breakdown as well as margin improvement. So maybe just give me a a little sense of how is that development in terms of projects? And then I'll ask a follow-up after. Thank you. 
Aart de Geus : Sure. Well, in any case, there are always a couple of dimensions to the progress because what has been interesting, we have invested now for a few years in a platform that brings multiple tools together. And the reason this is important is that security problems are not simple to diagnosed, and there are many different types of problems. And increasingly, what the people would want to have that are in charge of security, so more top-down in the company is an overview of which what gets caught where and how do you bring these diagnostics together to have a better assessment of the risks that they have to manage.  And so the indirect impact on us who is doing this better and better is the fact that we're also seeing that our customers are starting to increasingly buy multiple products from us rather than initially buying one that that they may use for a while. So that is the side effect essentially of ourselves, providing more systemic complexity assessment than before.  At the same time, the normal business continues as mentioned in the economic surroundings, what we see essentially is that the levels of signatures needed to close the deal takes a little bit longer. But overall, there's no doubt that this is an area that continues to grow and has still a lot of potential because a lot of customers are barely at stage one of automating this. And our technology progress is actually quite strong.  And so we're looking at growing between 15% and 20% this year, which is exactly on the target that we had told you before. And it's exciting. It's close to 10% of Synopsys. And with a little luck, we will pass $0.5 billion mark pretty soon.
Giani Conti : Great. That was really helpful. My follow-up would be, maybe on DSO.ai. Could you maybe talk a little bit about the training time for existing engineers using the new tool that are only going in new design. Is it time consuming? Or are they using pretty much the same GUI. And also maybe if you could just share a little bit on how does that compare to competition such as to say. It seems like you guys are both doing sort of like a race towards capturing the most amount of the market, and it seems to be a great growth opportunity. So maybe yeah, it's basically two questions in one about training time and and using same interface dry versus competition as well? Thank you. 
Aart de Geus : Sure. Well, on training, of course, there are two types of training, right? There's training of the tool, this training of the user. And I must say, I have personally been surprised because initially, when we had these fantastic results in early 2020. I thought, okay, well, that's great, but it's going to take a while before they adopt it.  But the results were so good that people actually couldn't resist adopting it even not having fully appreciated what it would take to do things, and of course, our own AEs, as Jay mentioned earlier, we are well trained to help them. But initially, we didn't do it with too many customers. And so that first year, year and half years, we had a limited set of really advanced customers, and we follow the same recipe, whoever runs fast is with us, we will run fast with them.  And so the training has never made it to be a real issue in the discussions we've had. Now that doesn't mean that this is just super easy. It means that I think we are well equipped to take the design processes that our customers have, which we, by the way, know very well and adopt the tool to it and modifies likely the process for the tool. So I think we've done well.  It's hard for me to compare to competition, and it always feels like difficult to be objective about that. But I would say that we have the benefit of getting fantastic results already a number of years ago. And we are very, very rapidly moving to next generations of our tool and solution -- and the very fact that we are now well over 100 production designs I should tell you that this is not driving with training wheels, so to speak, this bike is going down the hill at high speed has only kids we dare to do. And I think we will continue to see excellent results.  And I think I had also mentioned in the preamble that we've broadened substantially the applicability not only in the digital space, but some of the parallel spaces of test and verification and also logic signal. And so these are broad, open areas of opportunity for us.
Giani Conti : Great. Thank you. Appreciate it. 
Aart de Geus : You're welcome. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Blair Abernethy with Rosenblatt Securities. 
Blair Abernethy : Thank you. And nice results. I just want to follow up with you. So DSO.ai question from a Synopsys perspective, is the margin opportunity -- is it similar to your core EDA tools? Do you have to put more resources to get this product in the market and ramp it? Or is it along the same lines as your core business?
Aart de Geus : It may be somewhat simplistic terms. I would say when you suddenly have a step that does work in third of the time and gets you another 10% or so better speed and lower power. Margin issues are not really the driver. It's more like, okay, can they find the budget to keep moving here.  And I don't want to be too light about a statement like that because we work with people for many, many years. And it is very important that we further in ability for our customers to adopt be successful themselves in good and tougher times. But overall, I think there's no question. These are technical advances of extremely high value, and they directly multiply the opportunity space that our customers have. So I think we will be okay.
Blair Abernethy : Okay. Great. And just one quick one for you, Shelagh. You mentioned $40 million to $50 million in restructuring costs. Can you just tell us sort of what areas are impacted? And is that when is that coming through in Q1, Q3 when those expenses get recognized?
Shelagh Glaser : It will come through over the first three quarters of the year. A portion of it is sitting in Q1, about $41 million of that is hitting in Q1. And what we're really doing is we're doing a small reduction. And then we're taking that investment and shifting it into some of the growth areas that we've talked about today. So we're using this as a way to rebalance and set ourselves up for that future growth trajectory. 
Blair Abernethy : Got it. Thanks very much. 
Shelagh Glaser : Thank you. 
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to our Chair and CEO, Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Well, thank you very much for participating in the call. If nothing else, you probably heard in our voice some degree of enthusiasm for the advances that we're making. And as you know, we will be looking forward to speaking to some of you later on today. With that, stay safe, and have a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: And that concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-11-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal year 2022. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call will last one hour. And as a reminder, today’s call is being recorded At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Lisa. Good afternoon, everyone. Hosting the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’d like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today’s earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation, are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on our website at the conclusion of the call. With that, I’ll turn it over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I am happy to report that Synopsys completed an outstanding year with sustained forward momentum. Since about four years ago, we communicated our dual objectives of accelerating growth and expanding margin. Synopsys has delivered on and, in fact, exceeded those expectations. This is visible through over 60% revenue growth since that point, 11 percentage points higher non-GAAP operating margin and more than doubled EPS. This quarter, we also crossed the $5 billion annual revenue milestone. Simultaneously, we substantially evolved our product offering, expanded customer relationships and increased competitive differentiation. Building on this, we delivered another record year in fiscal 2022. Revenue grew 21% to $5.08 billion, with double-digit growth in all product groups and across geographies. We further expanded non-GAAP operating margin to 33%, grew earnings by 30% and generated record cash flow of $1.7 billion. While semiconductor industry revenue growth has moderated, design activity remains robust. In addition, our time-based business model, with $7.1 billion of non-cancelable backlog and a diversified customer base, all provide stability, resilience and forward momentum. While fully mindful of the macro dynamics around us, including the most recent US government export restrictions, Synopsys is poised for strong results in fiscal 2023. We intend to grow revenue 14% to 15%, continue to drive notable ops margin expansion and aim for approximately 16% non-GAAP earnings per share growth. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. Looking at the landscape around us, some of you have asked us why customers design activity remains solid throughout waves of the business cycle. Two reasons. First, the macro quest for Smart Everything devices and with its AI and big data infrastructure is unrelenting and expect it to drive a decade of strong semiconductor growth. Second, semiconductor and systems companies, be it traditional or new entrants, prioritize design engineering throughout economic cycle precisely to be ready to feel competitive new products when the market turns upward again. We've seen this dynamic consistently in past up and down markets and expect it to continue. Today, Synopsys aims to be a key engineering catalyst towards this Smart Everything world as our mission is to enable innovation at the critical interplay between semiconductors and software. Our customers are racing to differentiate along three axes; first, still higher complexity chips with massive compute capability; second, super tightly integrated systems of chips optimized for the software that will run on them; and third, increasing focus on security and safety across both software and hardware in virtually all vertical segments. Synopsys is uniquely positioned to address these challenges as we provide the most advanced and complete design and verification solutions available today, the leading portfolio of highly valuable semiconductor IP blocks and the broader set of software security testing solutions. In the past few years, we have introduced some truly groundbreaking innovations that radically advance how design is done. Let me begin the highlights with our DSO.ai artificial intelligence design solution. With already well-over 100 commercial production design, it continues to deliver amazing results. Applied simultaneously to multiple steps of the design flow, DSO.ai reduces efforts for months to now weeks, while also delivering superior performance and reduced power. Results reported by customers include 25% reduction in turnaround time and compute resources and up to 30% power reduction. With customers such as Samsung, Renesas, Intel, MediaTek, Sony and many others reporting impressive achievements, customer adoptions have accelerated across a wide range of process nodes and market verticals. In FY 2022, the number of customers more than doubled, and we've already seen significant repeat orders and broadening proliferation. Seven out of the top 10 semiconductor companies have adopted DSO.ai for production design. Meanwhile, we're also extending machine learning capabilities across other EDA workloads from verification to test, to custom design. These next phase solutions are already in customers' hands, showing excellent impacts and promise. Central to the impact of DSO.ai are the powerful digital design solution engines underpinning it, specifically our Fusion Compiler products. It drove numerous competitive wins with accelerated proliferation for a wide variety of customers. Key adoptions range from the largest processor firms to influential systems companies, to major hyperscalers. Fusion Compiler is used in over 90% of advanced nodes down to 3 and 2-nanometer, with a majority exclusively using Synopsys. In Q4, cumulative customer tape-outs surpassed 1,000, more than doubling the combined total of FY 2020 and 2021. Our customer solutions also saw strong market momentum this year, continuing the drumbeat of competitive displacements. With options ranging from large semiconductor companies at advanced nodes to automotive to memory vendors, as we added more than 45 new logos this year, nearly one per week with double-digit revenue growth. To address the highly advanced chip mentioned earlier, multi-die system design, sometimes also called chiplet-based design, is opening a whole new era of silicon complexity. Having forecasted this a number of years ago, Synopsys now provides a differentiated multi-die solution that enables architecture, analysis, design, and sign-off all integrated in one place. This includes our 3DIC Compiler solution and our industry-leading portfolio of state-of-the-art die-to-die interface IP. Today, we're already tracking more than 100 multi-die designs for a range of applications, including high-performance compute, data centers, and automotive, seeing strong adoption of our broad solution. A notable example is achieving plan of record for multiple 3D stack designs at a very large, high-performance computing company as well as expanded deployment at a leading mobile customer. Meanwhile, the recently introduced UCIE protocol, short for Universal Chiplet Interconnect Express, has become the interconnect of choice for multi-die systems. Both our UCIE interface IP and HBM3 memory IP are at the forefront of enabling multi-die designs with multiple wins at Tier 1 customers. More broadly, third-party IP is a must-have for designs across the board. Our market-leading IP portfolio, by far the broadest in the industry, continues to drive significant adoption and growth. In fiscal 2022, our IP business delivered another record year with more than 20% growth. We continue to see particularly strong demand in key markets such as high-performance compute, automotive and mobile, where the systems are driven by smart everything, high-speed secure connectivity and advanced process geometries. While maintaining technical leadership in IP for advanced process technologies, we delivered multiple IP products in the most advanced 3- and 4-nanometer process nodes to our customers in high-end mobile and HPC applications. Very strong adoption also of our automotive-grade IP solutions as cars are being re-architected towards both electrification and autonomous driving. The acceleration of car electrification driven by urgent climate considerations notably drives a slew of new sensor, actuator, and control chip designs. Our automotive solutions had outstanding growth. Today, we have engaged with hundreds of designs from more than 30 leading semiconductor providers, more than 10 OEMs, and three of the top four Tier 1 suppliers. At the core of these systems is the intersection of hardware and software. To optimize the system, our customers must verify both the software in the context of the hardware and the hardware in context of the software. While verification is fundamentally an unbounded problem, our state-of-the-art simulation, emulation and prototyping products tackle these tough verification challenges at unparalleled speed with the fastest engine, highest capacity, and lowest cost of ownership. Specifically, our hardware-based products delivered a record year with competitive momentum, adding more than 30 new logos and over 200 repeat orders. Moving now to software security, the critical nature of which continues to grow as management teams and Boards are keenly focused on ways to protect their companies and their customers from destructive cyber attacks. Our Software Integrity solution enables organizations to manage the security and quality of software across a wide range of industry verticals from semiconductor and systems to financial services, automotive, industrial, health and more. Industry groups such as Gartner and Forrester recognized Synopsys leadership. Gartner positions us at the top and farthest right of its Magic Quadrant, rating us highly for technology depth, breadth, consulting capabilities and vision. While this is the one area where we did see some impact from the macro environment in the quarter, revenue growth for the year accelerated over FY 2021. Notably, we saw good progress with the go-to-market and product initiatives introduced last year. Our indirect channel partner business, for example, continues to ramp well by expanding our reach into customer groups and geographies that we haven't connected with in the past. We are building momentum with the goal of another significant increase in indirect sales in FY 2023. On the product side, we expanded our offerings by launching two new SaaS services for static analysis and open source analysis integrated into our Polaris platform. We expect these SaaS capabilities to accelerate adoption and consumption of our solutions as they are particularly well-suited to growth in the mid-market. Early customer reception has been quite positive. Our continually evolving and strengthening platform also provides more and more valuable insights to help companies drive increasingly robust top-down software risk management. In summary, Synopsys exceeded beginning of year targets and delivered a record fiscal 2022 across all metrics with the additional spark of passing the $5 billion milestone. We enter FY 2023 with excellent momentum and a resilient business model that provides stability and wherewithal to navigate market cycles. Notwithstanding, some economic uncertainty, our customers are continuing to prioritize their chip system and software development investments to be ready with differentiated products at the next upturn. On our side, many game changing innovations across our portfolio position as well to capitalize a decade of semiconductor importance and impact. Finally, our execution and operational management continue to drive growth and margin expansion, and we're particularly thankful to our employees around the world for their vitality and diligence throughout the year. One more comment. As you may have seen yesterday, we announced the appointment of Shelagh Glaser to become our new CFO on December 2nd. She's here with us today, listening in as we prepare to pass the torch from Trac in a few days. Before I pass the microphone to Trac for his review of fiscal 2022, it's wonderful to say a heartfelt thank you for his contributions that helped build the company we are today. With 16 years on our team, eight as Synopsys CFO, Trac is a cornerstone architect and execution leader of the strong results of the past year. During his tenure, he strengthened our fiscal discipline and acumen, engineered trusting and effective relationships with the other parts of the company and, most importantly, assembled and grew a great team that we will continue to build on. So it is all the more meaningful to voice our gratitude to Trac at the very moment that we pass this unique revenue milestone. Thank you, Trac. And now one more time, please give us your perspective on the state of Synopsys.
Trac Pham: Thank you Aart for the -- those kind of words. It has been a privilege to serve as the CFO of Synopsys. I'm immensely grateful to be a part of this team, and I'm proud of what we've accomplished. While I'll miss the rich interactions with the Synopsys team and the investment community, I'll be here through the end of December to ensure a smooth transition. Synopsys is in a great position as reflected in strong results and outlook. FY 2022 was an excellent year and featured record results in all key metrics, including revenue, non-GAAP earnings, and operating cash flow. We continue to execute well and are confident in our business heading into FY 2023 driven by our strong technology portfolio that is expanding customer commitments, robust chip and system design activity despite moderating semiconductor industry revenue growth, and a resilient and stable time-based business model with $7.1 billion in non-cash backlog. As a result, while the macro environment is stressed, we expect to grow revenue 14% to 15% and expand operating margin more than 100 basis points, driving non-GAAP EPS growth of approximately 16% in 2023. Let me provide some highlights of our full year 2022 results. We generated total revenue of $5.08 billion, up 21% over the prior year, with double-digit growth across all products and key geographies. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $3.9 billion and total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $3.4 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 33%. GAAP earnings per share were $6.29 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $8.90, up 30% over the prior year. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $4.6 billion driven by broad-based strength across all product groups and geographies. Adjusted operating margin was 35.3%. Software Integrity segment revenue was $466 million, up 18%, with adjusted operating margin up slightly to 10.1%. For 2023, even in light of some of the marginal macro-related impact in Q4 orders, we expect revenue growth to be within our 15% to 20% objective with increased adjusted operating margin. Turning to cash. Operating cash flow for the year was a record $1.7 billion reflecting our strong results, robust collections, and approximately $100 million in early collections. We ended the year with cash and short-term investments of $1.57 billion and total debt of $21 million. During the year, we completed buybacks of $1.1 billion or 69% of free cash flow. Now to our targets, which reflects the impact from the recently announced export control regulations and assume no further changes for the year. Based on our current assessment, we expect quarterly revenue and non-GAAP EPS to steadily increase through the year. For fiscal year 2023, the full year targets are; revenue of $5.775 million to $5.825 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $4.49 and $4.537 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.81 billion and $3.84 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin improvement of more than 100 basis points; non-GAAP tax rate of 18%; GAAP earnings of $10.28 to $10.35 per share, cash flow from operations of approximately $1.7 billion. Now to the targets for the first quarter, revenue between $1.34 billion and $1.37 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $1.033 billion and $1.053 billion, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $875 million and $885 million, GAAP earnings of $1.89 to $2 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $2.48 to $2.53 per share. Our press release and financial supplement include additional targets and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. Finally, we are reiterating our long-term financial objectives of annual double-digit revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margin expansion of more than 100 basis points per year and non-GAAP EPS growth in the mid-teens range. In conclusion, we entered 2023 with excellent momentum and confidence, reflecting our innovative technology portfolio, ongoing design activity by our customers who continue to invest through semiconductor, through semiconductor cycles and the stability and resilience of our time-based business model. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Just before we begin the Q&A session, I would like to ask everyone to please limit yourself to one question and one brief follow-up to allow us to accommodate all participants, if you have additional questions please reenter the queue and we’ll take as many as time permits. We'll take our first question from Joe Vruwink with Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone, and let me just say, Trac, all my best wishes. It's been a pleasure working with you. Maybe I'll just start. It seems your customers are heading towards a demand environment that maybe is most akin to what we last saw in 2019. And if I just think about Synopsys in 2019, I think you grew your recurring revenue at a low double-digit pace. Your non-recurring revenue was down at a high single-digit pace. I don't know, it seems both are probably trending better into 2022 than the last down experience to the industry. Can you just compare and contrast similarities, differences? And maybe a little bit more detail on how those two revenue components might track next year?
Aart de Geus: Well, first, actually, I think your comparison is pretty good because 2019 was really just waving around the medium for the growth of the semiconductor industry. And so in that sense, I don't see a long-term change in the trajectory, which essentially forecast that for this decade, semiconductors are making it to $1 trillion, and we see all the reason why it will get there. The fact that some years are higher, others are slightly lower is just a given. And in a context like that, Synopsys has the good fortune to have a business model that is very stable and self-sustainable, but also a set of customers that have no interest in going up and down in their R&D force, because it's a continual investment over typically products that take two to three years to develop, and so I think we provide a good solidity in pretty much all the fronts.
Trac Pham: In general, Joe, but I'd also add that we're seeing just better momentum today than we did a few years back when you look at where our products are and with regards to the strength of the portfolio, how we're executing the changes that we're making and just the overall strength of the business. I think we're heading into an environment that may be stressed outside, but we're well positioned to grow there.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Great. And then I was hoping maybe just reconcile some of the year-over-year changes with your cash flow outlook. Even, I guess, if I adjust for the $100 million in early collections, I think cash from operations is growing a bit more slowly than your core EBIT and earnings. And then the -- it looks like a big step-up in CapEx. Maybe just what's behind that?
Trac Pham: So, let me start with the cash from ops. The second thing in addition to the $100 million of early collections is the -- our cash flow projections reflect the change in the tax rules that now requires us to capitalize R&D expense. And so as a result of that, cash taxes are going up in 2023. So, that affects the number. With regards to the CapEx, it's a little higher than it's been over the last couple of years, primarily because of our efforts to consolidate space and our facilities in the US, mostly to drive better productivity in the employee base going forward.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Thank you very much.
Trac Pham: You’re welcome.
Aart de Geus: Thank you, Joe.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gal Munda with Wolfe Research.
Gal Munda: Hey thank you for taking my questions and Trac, congratulations on your last quarterly call as well. I hope you enjoy your retirement. The first one is just I wanted to focus a little bit on the DSO. You mentioned, Aart, that you've doubled the amount of customers in 2022. My question is, how early are you in that potential to penetrate the customer base, especially the ones that move the need and the better and within the ones that already adopted? Do you feel it's just the beginning from them in terms of being productive? Or do you think there's still a lot of room to sell deeper into those accounts?
Aart de Geus: I think there's a lot of room. As a matter of fact, I think that the whole AI-driven design wave is easily the next decade because it fundamentally changes so many things at the very moment that the customers one way or another are going to grow complexity dramatically because they see so many opportunities in this notion of smart everything. And so in order to do that, you don't want to just have tools that use AI and be better and faster and so on, you want actually to impact the very design flow. And to me, the big breakthrough in DSO.ai felt very similar, as a matter of fact, as some 30 years plus ago, synthesis, it changed how things are happening. Now, in that sense, the adoption will, on one hand, take time; on the other hand, I think he is very fast. Literally just a couple of days ago, among the team, we were discussing how do we manage the number of people that have interest because they all want support, they all want to be the first ones, and it's a good problem to have.
Gal Munda: That's very interesting. Thank you. And then just as a follow-up, you mentioned automotive solutions and the OEMs as well coming in, both from the semi companies and the OEMs kind of increasing demand, and that's kind of driving part of the growth. I guess if I do math and I think about your growth vectors today, I'm thinking maybe specifically about next year when you look at your pipeline, how does the reliance on the core semis, the leading-edge companies, compared to the systems companies in terms of the growth? Who's bearing the higher proportion of growth in terms of responsibility to deliver those targets that are pretty impressive? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Well, I'm glad you bring up automotive, because looking at the numbers; I was surprised myself how well we had done this year. At the same time, I think there's some good explanations for it. For starters, the very fact that there was a supply shortage in automotive; suddenly everybody gets full attention of automotive. And then simultaneously, the world has now recognized that the cost of climate change is upon us. And I expect that the rate of change toward electrification is absolutely going to accelerate. And so investments that started probably seven, eight years ago. And we always sell, oh, automotive is so slow, is so slow, now suddenly are moving forward very fast, and it's along the entire supply chain that is reconfiguring itself around new architectures. So I think there's a lot of opportunity, lot of challenges there as well, but I think we're in a great position for it.
Gal Munda: Thank you so much.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason Celino with KeyBanc.
Jason Celino: Hey thanks for fitting me in. Trac, it's been an absolute pleasure. Bad to say goodbye. So hopefully, we can chat with you later.
Trac Pham: Thanks Jason.
Jason Celino: The 14% growth guidance is very impressive, especially the year that you are coming out of. I'm curious, though, with the upfront business having a tough comp. You did 40% growth there this year. How much of upfront or hardware, I'm using those terms interchangeably, are you kind of taking into the guidance for 2023?
Trac Pham: I wouldn't naturally attach hardware to upfront. Of course, it will show up in online. But keep in mind that we do have IP that is reflected in that category as well. And keep -- remember, in our statement, we -- our IP business grew over 20% in 2022. So heading in 2023, really the 14% to 15% guide for revenue growth is coming across all product areas. And that's where we're -- and that's all product areas and all key geographies, and so that's where the confidence and the comfort is in terms of our ability to execute against that plan.
Jason Celino: Okay, excellent. And then DSO.ai, it seems that you're getting a lot of traction there, and you mentioned some other areas where you're looking at AI capabilities like verification, tests and customs. Can you talk about this roadmap and where we are with deployments and how customers are using it for some of these other applications?
Aart de Geus: Sure. I'll be a little careful with giving too much of the roadmap. But I want to make sure that you understand that in all of these areas, we have worked on those now for already quite a while, and we have a number of very positive results directly with customers. And at the end of the day, it's like the old the VC, do the dog, feed the dog, dog food, not that I would ever want to compare customers to dogs, of course. But the fact is, it's in the field that you realize what are the issues that one may not have contemplated, and the feedback is very positive because there, too, while the tools have long been optimized with a variety of machine learning and AI capabilities, changing the very workflow is how you get a more profound impact. And so we have a long opportunity space to grow into, but the engagement already signifies that we have results that customers want to keep and turn into production.
Jason Celino: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and congratulations on the solid results and outlook. And Trac, best of luck, and thanks for all the support. As you guys pointed out, chip design activity in leading-edge digital is very strong, where you have accelerated compute processors, next-gen networking, switching and routing ships, new ASIC programs. Very strong, but also significant increase in design complexity and more importantly, chip design cycle times, Aart, I'm wondering is the complexity and cycle time dynamic requiring your customers to use hardware emulation and prototyping as an integral part of the verification and software development process versus it being somewhat discretionary five, 10 years ago. And is this what's helping to sustain the hardware growth into next year?
Aart de Geus: The answer is yes. And another yes. Yes, it does require much more attention to the intersection of hardware and software. And in order to do that, you need simulation that is blindingly fast, and that's why you use hardware accelerators or we call them emulators or prototyping to be able to do that. But underneath your question, there was another comment, which is really the comment that is it true that complexity still is increasing massively, and the answer is very true, but it's going to be in a new form, meaning it's not one chip, it's multiple chips as close as possible, and it is architectures dedicated to whatever the end markets are. And so the race is absolutely on in all of these dimensions, but it brings a challenge for our customers that by now after many, many decades, have certainly learned how to optimize for performance and power. They now have to optimize for making it all work: multiple chips, hardware and software, thermal issues. And that complexity is going to drive all kinds of new products on our side, but also necessitates to look to have focus on the entire flow. And that's why I'm very encouraged by being at the dawn of really multiple new decades of new technology.
Harlan Sur: Thanks for that. And then on your IP business, we've got Intel and AMD, they're now starting to roll out their new processor chips, right, supporting next-gen memory and storage interfaces, right? Strong area for you guys, big DDR5 from memory, PCI Gen 5, CXL for storage. These processors are starting to roll out now. Additionally, you have more of your customers bringing on additional foundries as a part of their diversification and reshoring efforts. I think this should drive higher adoption of your foundational IP as well. So what are the other dynamics that are going to drive the IP business next year? And does this segment continue at strong double-digit year-over-year growth in fiscal 2023?
Aart de Geus: Well, we'll take 1 year at a time, but there's no doubt that there's an opportunity to continue to grow very well. And a greater respect for you mentioning all the keywords of things that we sell. I would add one other category that we alluded to, which is a category that actually looks at the new types of interfaces in these multi-die integrations because those integrations are predicated mostly on one thing; how short and how fast can you make the wires between the chips? And therefore, it's another form of miniaturization with enormous connectivity between chips. And so these connectors are extremely sensitive to the speed, the voltage and all these things. And so there, too, we are leading in providing the IP that makes this possible. And I think that's an area that will grow on top of what you mentioned.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Trac Pham: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Charles Shi with Needham & Company.
Charles Shi: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I think first question I want to ask is about China. This has been or maybe had been a major bear case on your stock, at least over the last three, four months. And especially after the very, I mean, unprecedented round of restrictions that the USA implemented since the beginning of October. I understand you did qualify that the impact is not material, but it seems to me that investors may still be a little bit skeptical. And maybe can you just give us some sense from your perspective why -- what do you see as a reality being nonmaterial versus what the perception among the investment community is being like a China restriction being a major, major bear case for you? Is there any way that you can provide us some perspective why that has been the case? And what do you think that should help investors to really change or, I mean, have a more grounded view about this issue? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: It's a very good question, and I understand why it's difficult because a lot of these things are written in terms of hard to understand technology. And so of course, whenever there's a change, we look solidly at all the changes, as is the impact. And actually, I think we explicitly communicated that our assessment showed that it was not material in the financial terms. We highlight that we have factored in, to the best of our ability, exactly what the situation is today in our forecast. And moreover, we have put a lot of emphasis on making sure that we are 100% compliant with all the rules so that we act in a clean fashion. I would add only one more thing, which is China is a very broad market, and so there are many technologies that are not anywhere close to being touched by the advanced restrictions. So we see continued great opportunity, but we understand with you that it's an area to keep watching and to make sure that we grow in other parts of the world as well.
Charles Shi: Thank you Aart. Maybe the second question, maybe this is for you, Trac. First off, congratulations on the retirement done. But I want to ask you, I think one year ago, when you gave the guidance about fiscal 2022, you guided fiscal 2022, maybe like first half, slightly first half loaded over second half. But your fiscal 2023 guidance, if I hear you correctly, you're guiding second half likely to be higher than first half. And your number seems to imply that every quarter needs to be somewhere 4% to 5% higher than the preceding quarters throughout the entire 2023. I wonder where exactly the assumptions there for steady growth into the year and that you have assumptions like maybe the semiconductor industry needs to have a rebound or recovery out of the downturn to the second half of your fiscal year. And if possible, can you give us some color what exactly driving the second half rebound, I mean the growth into the second half, which one will be the primary driver. It's EDA? Is it IP? Is it hardware? Or is it the SIG part of the business? Thank you.
Trac Pham: Sure, Charles. Let me zoom out a little bit because over the last couple of years, we've had some unusual profiles coming into the year, right? So 2020 was very back end -- 2021 was back-end loaded. Heading into 2022, we said it would be very front-end loaded. When we look at the profile this year, keep in mind that it's based on backlog that we have scheduled out for our software business, IP and hardware. So, there's good visibility into how it lays out throughout the year. And when you look at the profile, you're right, it's slightly to the back half, but just marginally so. And if you look at the first half comparison -- first half, second half comparison for 2023 and you go back in time, it's just actually in line with what we have historically seen, which is kind of unusual but nice to get back to that profile. And it does imply that there is incremental increases in the business as we progress throughout the year. The basis for the forecast, as I said, is grounded very much on visibility of the backlog, but also what we expect to book in the year. And we are playing the year based on what we can execute, similar to what we have said in the past. So it's not a stretch to assume that it's dependent on major market forces or anything out of our control. We want to give guidance in terms of the outlook for the business, both top line and bottom line. That really is heavily dependent on our ability to execute. And at this point, given our visibility, the portfolio that we have and the -- our confidence in our execution, we feel really good about the 14% to 15% growth and driving 16% EPS growth.
Charles Shi: Thank you, Trac.
Trac Pham: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Aart, for you first, a product question since the term road map came up a couple of times. I'm wondering if there is some potential development of catalysts that you might be able to bring to market. For example, would it make any sense or would it be feasible for you to increasingly connect SIG with hardware-based prototyping? Along the lines of an earlier question, you haven't mentioned silicon lifecycle management or SLM, but would it make some sense there to connect it increasingly to your sign-off business and so forth and other kinds of intracompany integrations that could be differentiators or new catalysts for product growth? And then my final question for Trac. With regard to SIG, could you comment on the results that you've been seeing for your investments in international expansion for SIG over the last number of years, including, in particular, your investments in security consulting outside of the US?
Aart de Geus: So, let me zoom out a little bit on your question because generically, I think you're pushing absolutely on the right buttons, which is that while many of the things we've done in the past have been sort of point efforts, point tools and so on, for the last decade, we have started to integrate many tools more forcefully together because that's the only way of solving problems of complexity where power and speed and thermal and locations and reliability strongly intersect. Then if you move to the next level up, we have already mentioned the fact that there are strong interconnectivity between software and hardware because the hardware has one mission, make the software faster. And the software has one mission, make the hardware work harder for it. And so these optimizations are already going hand-in-hand. SIG adds an additional angle to that is the angle of security and quality. And we have, by the way, sort of the equivalent of a SIG inside of the EDA side as well and the IP side, because in the IP, we have a variety of security capabilities being built in. I think it will take a little bit of time before you can see a strong connectivity between those, but it has not taken that much time to see at a number of customers that they start to recognize that our vision moves up into the domain of software and moves down into the hardware at the very moment that they are learning about this. And the earlier mentioned automotive, but it could also be industrial and a few other segments, are precisely now arriving at this junction or figuring out that they have to make it all work at the same time. And so while many of the specific things that we're working on, we'll talk about as we release them, the general direction of your question, I think, is very much the way we think about systemic complexity now being the hallmark of the next decade.
Trac Pham: Jay, this is Trac. So to your question regarding SIG and international expansion, you're right, that was a really intentional focus for us a couple of years ago in terms of improving the go-to-market function, both internationally and with channel partners. And I would say that when you look at the results over the last couple of years, I think we've made really good progress with regards to how we're executing internationally and the additions and the execution with new channel partners. I'm optimistic not only because of the results has been good, but we're in the early stages of actually seeing strong results from that. So I think there's a lot of progress ahead of us and lot of opportunities ahead of us in both those areas.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you Aart. Thank you Trac.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Trac Pham: Thank you, Jay.
Operator: We will take our last question from Ruben Roy with Stifel Nicolaus.
Ruben Roy: Hi, thank you. And Trac, congrats from me as well. Thanks for all the support over the years. I guess Trac or Aart, one thing I wanted to just touch base on again is on the SIG business. Aart, you mentioned that you did see some impact from the macro during the quarter. The numbers look pretty good. I've got you down for 16% year-over-year growth, so maybe if you could just expand on that. Was that towards the latter end of the quarter and looking ahead or any other detail you can give us, please?
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, first, I do think that the results were quite good. What we did see, and it probably started a little earlier than this quarter that some of the negotiations turned out to be a bit longer, maybe some more layers of approval. And actually, that is very, very common when you see economy looking at, well, is it going to be a recession or not, people little bit worried. Well, they just start putting some breaks on the decision making first and foremost. But at the same time, we were encouraged by the fact that growth continues to improve over the previous year. And there's no doubt in our mind that this is a very good part of Synopsys and there's a lot of opportunity, so we'll keep pushing.
Ruben Roy: Okay, great. Thanks for that detail. And then a quick follow-up. On the DSO.ai, you mentioned Aart that that’s -- you're starting to gain attraction across a wide range of process nodes, which is interesting to me, can you maybe talk a little bit about the value prop across those nodes, proposition across those nodes, is it power reduction for some, reduction in turnaround time for others or how does that work?
Aart de Geus: Okay, well the first one is turnaround time reduction for everybody and that in itself is interesting because if you remember my other comments about moving into a whole different league of complexity, while people will continue to push on performance and power and right now they're pushing on making just sure that they can finish the job, and in that context, improving the turnaround time is extremely valuable. But the other thing is that in many areas, it opens up doors that they didn't have before because if you can work in multiple nodes, the question is can you also start to translate from one node into another. And we have in the last 12 months specifically seen more and more really outstanding experiments and showcases where we helped people move from one node and design in let's say the next node or even some nodes that are quite different from the ones where they started with the benefit of the learning from the original node. And I think that that opens the fertile space because in reality, most design is redesigned. You try to always use what you did in the past. And the question is, how easy is that when the past becomes more and more complex? And that's where AI I think has a lot of potential going forward. So, sometimes you call that retargeting or remastering and I think it's going to be a lot of need for that.
Ruben Roy: Very good. Thank you, Aart.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call over to Aart de Geus for closing comments.
Aart de Geus: Well, first and foremost, thank you for all the support and the good questions over the last year. I think we concluded a very strong year. Of course, again, it's a very strong market, but I think we also demonstrated that there's momentum going forward. And so that 2023, even without Trac, will be a good year for us. And we thank Trac one more time. We also thank you for your support and for your continuing support of our stock. With that, have a great rest of the year, and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-08-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2022. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour. And as a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Kerry. Good afternoon, everyone. Hosting the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation, are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on our website at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn it over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. We delivered another excellent quarter with enduring broad-based strength. Revenue for the quarter was $1.25 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $1.43, with non-GAAP earnings at $2.10. We generated $440 million of operating cash flow. Notwithstanding the normal ebb and flow of the semiconductor market, design activity remained robust. In addition, our business model sets us apart by adding a solid level of stability and resilience to the accelerated growth we're seeing. Based on this strength and confidence in our business, we are raising guidance for the full year. We expect to grow fiscal '22 revenue approximately 21% and past the $5 billion milestone. We continue to drive notable ops margin expansion, and we intend to grow non-GAAP earnings per share by approximately 29%. In the process, we expect to generate $1.6 billion to $1.65 billion in operating cash flow. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. Over the last five or so decades, semiconductor chips and software have transformed every aspect of our world. From traditional computers to networks, to mobile devices, from entertainment systems to home security, to medical wonder machines. Every vertical market is affected and expecting more. As a result, not only does the world demand more chips, but more chips are being designed by an expanded group of semiconductor and systems companies. Those chips are much more complex. They need to be designed faster due to time-to-market pressure and with increasingly constrained engineering talent resources. For the last 35 years, Synopsys has been privileged to grow as an essential catalyst of this transformation, delivering 10 million-x in productivity. Today, Synopsys uniquely sits at the intersection of the dual system forces of semiconductors and software, enabling both with the bold ambition to capitalize another 1,000x this decade. We partner and collaborate with the most advanced companies in the entire supply chain. And while the technical challenges are huge, so are the opportunities. On top of this, security, safety and reliability are now a must for markets such as robotics, automotive and aerospace. Meanwhile, more and more systems companies from large hyperscalers to AI startups, to verticals like automotive have decided to own their destiny and design their own chips and systems to accelerate their differentiation. Today, Synopsys is successfully bridging technologies from silicon to software, to systems as we engage with all these companies. In the last few years, we have delivered a number of groundbreaking innovations that are making tremendous impact. For example, in chip design, we're automating not only individual design steps, but entire sub flows. Our preconfigured IP blocks not only speed up chip design, but also let architects rapidly explore new market-specific chip and system configurations. Our emulation and prototyping solutions are now essential to verify and optimize the interplay between hardware and software in the system. And in addition, we continue to grow our solutions that enable high-quality and more secure software as well as provide security IP blocks. Leading the way is our award-winning DSO.ai artificial intelligence design solution, which is revolutionizing chip design. First to market over two years ago with technology that is still unmatched today, it delivers outstanding productivity improvements that are already driving substantial increases in customer commitments. The technical results are truly groundbreaking. Customers are seeing tremendous benefits from DSO.ai's ability to learn from prior designs. For example, two of the largest, most advanced semiconductor companies in the world achieved a 25% reduction in turnaround time and compute resources. DSO.ai is also driving very significant low-power improvements exemplified by a large automotive chip maker, achieving a 30% power reduction. These compelling outcomes are driving a high pace of adoption for production tape-outs across verticals and a broad set of process nodes. Examples this quarter include long-term business commitments at marquee U.S. hyperscaler and top consumer chip company. Our entire market-leading digital design solution both empowers and benefits from DSO.ai. This highly differentiated combination led to a competitive displacement at a large automotive chip company in Q3. Our Fusion Compiler product continues to drive accelerated growth and competitive wins across market verticals and a broad swath of technology nodes. This quarter, we expect to pass the 1,000 tape-out milestone with successes in many different customer categories. Fusion Compiler is generated notable run time and PPA performance power area, improvements at top graphics processor companies, and we have gained majority positions at one of the largest mobile's SoC providers and at multiple leading hyperscalers. Excellent progress and strong demand also for our modern custom design solutions. This area of growth is fueled by the key segments that include hyperscalers, high-performance compute and AI machine learning. In custom design, long dominated by older products, we've already surpassed last year's new logos with 36 additional year-to-date, including high-profile semiconductor and hyperscaler customers. Companies driving Smart Everything continue to innovate at breathtaking speed and are now embracing migration to multi-die system designs for next-generation systems. Our multi-die system solution that includes our 3DIC compiler platform and die-to-die IP portfolio is seeing strong demand. Not surprisingly, the key markets are high-performance compute, data center and mobile. While we continue to expand deployment at a marquee U.S. IDM, we also experienced increased traction at prominent high-performance compute and hyperscaler customers for complex 3D multi-die and chiplet design. In mobile, we achieved plan of record of leading semiconductor companies for their next-generation multi-die processors. In high-performance compute, multi-die systems incorporate a new interconnect IP standard, UCIe, which stands for Universal Chiplet Interconnect Express. As the term express captures, it is all about speed, and Synopsys is seeing great traction in this area with a healthy pipeline and multiple wins at 3-nanometer. More broadly, IP blocks are a must have to meet intense time-to-market pressures. Our unique breadth of scale and scale of our high-quality IP portfolio with early availability as advanced processes continue to drive strong momentum. Demand is particularly high in markets such as high-performance compute, AI/machine learning, automotive and mobile where systems are fueled by smart everything, high-speed and secure connectivity and advanced process geometries. In this context, our ARC Vision Processor IP was named Best Automotive AI Solution by the Edge AI and Vision Alliance. Meanwhile, our industry-leading ARC, MPX and VPX processor cores that accelerate neural networks continue to see strong adoption in augmented and virtual reality, automotive and consumer applications with multiple wins in the quarter. In automotive, we closed significant transactions new OEMs, Tier 1s and semiconductor vendors. Security remains front and center across all market segments. We're gaining strong adoption of our security solutions for interfaces such as PCI Express, CXL and DDR, with more than 30 design wins across all market segments. Now moving to the crucial intersection of hardware and software. In other words, verifying that the chips and system will do what was intended. Our market-leading emulation and prototyping hardware products are a unique strength and clear differentiator for Synopsys. With the fastest engines, highest capacity and lowest cost of ownership, we're doing very well. Our products not only verify hardware/software correctness, but also help find ways to reduce power consumption, one of the most vital metrics of any system. High demand continues for our ZeBu emulation and HAPS-100 prototyping systems, growing with many of the largest semiconductor and hyperscaler customers in the world. We are on pace for yet another record year of hardware revenue. With Smart Everything entering every vertical market, requirements for security and safety continue to expand. Our Software Integrity business is a key enabler of modern software security. Our leading portfolio of products and consulting is unique in its ability to provide high value for developers, the DevOps group, and the corporate security team. This business is rapidly approaching the $0.5 billion TTM revenue mark. This quarter, we again saw many multi-year, multi-million-dollar commitments in both renewals and new business. Business touched a broad set of verticals, including financial institutions, semiconductors, government, medical, and enterprise software. Our channel partner program progressed well this quarter, with notable new logos and expansions into new customer divisions. We also continue to increase business in new countries that we have never sold to before, and repeat business with partners that opened new markets as recently as the past 12 months. Finally, we further strengthened our broad product and consulting portfolio with the acquisition of WhiteHat Security and its leading solution in dynamic application security testing. We’re excited to have the outstanding WhiteHat team part of Synopsys and while it’s only been a few weeks, the integration is going well and customer response has been enthusiastic. In summary: we delivered another excellent quarter, and we are raising our outlook for fiscal ‘22. Multiple, game-changing innovations are driving outstanding technical and business results – reflected in our accelerated growth. Notwithstanding economic choppiness, customers continue to invest heavily in critical chips, system designs, and immense amounts of software. Against this backdrop, our technology vision and execution drive growth, while our resilient business model provides a level of stability that stands out in the software industry. As we prepare to imminently cross the $5 billion revenue mark, I want to thank our employees around the world for their ongoing efforts and commitment. With that, I'll turn it over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. Q3 was another excellent quarter. We delivered revenue and EPS above our targets and achieved cash flow above our plan. For the full year, we are raising our outlook and are on track to deliver over 20% revenue growth, an increase in non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 250 basis points, non-GAAP earnings per share growth of approximately 29% and $1.6 billion to $1.65 billion in operating cash flow. We continue to execute well, which is a testament to our innovative technology portfolio, ongoing design activity by our customers who continue to invest through semiconductor cycles, financial discipline and the stability and resilience of our time-based business model. I'll now review the third quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.25 billion, up 18% over the prior year, with broad-based strength. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $1.01 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $856 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 31.4%. GAAP earnings per share were $1.43. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.10, up 16% over the prior year. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $1.13 billion, up 18%, driven by continued strength in EDA and IP. Trailing 12-month Semiconductor & System Design adjusted operating margin was 35.8%. Software Integrity segment revenue was $118 million, up 21%, with trailing 12-month adjusted operating margin of 11%. We continue to expect Software Integrity to deliver 15% to 20% growth with expanded adjusted operating margin in 2022. Turning to cash, we generated $440 million in operating cash flow. We used $257 million of our cash for buybacks and have repurchased $972 million of stock over the past 12 months. In addition, we paid $330 million to acquire WhiteHat Security. Our balance sheet remains very strong. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $1.53 billion and debt of $22 million. Now to guidance. We are raising our full year outlook for revenue, earnings and cash flow. For fiscal year 2022, the full year targets are: revenue of $5.06 billion to $5.09 billion, which represents 20% to 21% growth; total GAAP costs and expenses between $3.978 billion and $3.998 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.395 billion and $3.05 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP property margin improvement of approximately 250 basis points; non-GAAP tax rate of 18%; GAAP earnings of $6.37 to $6.49 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $8.80 to $8.85 per share, representing approximately 29% growth; cash flow from operations of $1.6 billion to $1.65 billion; capital expenditures of approximately $145 million. Now to the targets for the fourth quarter: revenue between $1.263 billion and $1.293 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $1.076 billion and $1.096 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $919 million and $929 million; GAAP earnings of $1.06 to $1.18 per share; and non-GAAP earnings per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $1.80 to $1.85 per share. Consistent with our prior years, we will provide additional comments and guidance for 2023 when we report next quarter. In conclusion, we again delivered revenue and non-GAAP earnings above our targets. Based on our excellent results year-to-date and strong outlook, we are again raising our targets for the full year. We continue to see strong momentum in the business and are executing well with our robust portfolio and resilient business model. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: All right. Thank you. Before we begin the Q&A session, I would like to ask everyone to please limit yourself to one question and one brief follow-up to us to accommodate all participants. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and we will take as many as time permits. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Joe Vruwink from Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Maybe I'll start with kind of two questions on backlog. One, just where it finished the quarter? And then two, you've been in this stretch of really remarkable sequential backlog growth. And I completely understand you only get a shot to renew an enterprise customer with a three-year deal every three years. So are we reaching a point where maybe the backlog metrics stabilize and you start to pull bigger ACV out of the backlog, and that starts to show up in maybe a more meaningful way in forward revenue metrics?
Trac Pham: Well, I'm glad you started with that question and added some caveats to it. So backlog for the quarter ended at $7.1 billion. And as you alluded to, it will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, depending on the timing and recognition of revenue. The one thing I'll add to backlog, too, is that we duration target in the 2.5- to 3-year range. This quarter was on the lower end, running closer to 2.3 years. So it's slightly outside of our range.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Okay. That is helpful. And then in your financial supplement, obviously, you reiterated all of the long-term targets. And then as a footnote, they're current as of today, and they take into account all current entity list restrictions. There were some new updates to entity list restrictions. You've also had a much stronger current fiscal year. So, the baseline against which you expect to grow double digits, I guess it might be a bit harder. Is that kind of the right way, a literal interpretation of all of these things when thinking about what Synopsys intends to do next fiscal year?
Aart de Geus: Let me take the entity list part. All the forward projections that we always give you take into account anything we know about entity list or even suspected entity list increases. Typically, the entity list doesn't grow particularly fast or a lot, but we follow rigorously whatever the government decides there. And I would say at this point in time for our projections, it's not material in terms of changes.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And now to the line of Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Apologize for the background noise. I want to start with a question about headcount. If I read your supplemental data correctly, it's up about close to 2,000 quarter-over-quarter. Does that reflect just aggressive hiring, some acquisitions, all of the above? And is it part of the reason why we're starting to see a pretty sharp increase in the OpEx?
Trac Pham: So Gary, the increase from Q2 to Q3 does reflect some amount of acquisitions for WhiteHat, but it also reflects the planned organic hire for the year. The increase in expenses for the quarter in Q4 that we're guiding to does reflect our expected hiring as well as, frankly, given how strong the year has been, we are accruing for some additional variable comp.
Gary Mobley: Okay. And for the past two years, we've had a pretty good backdrop in which you license, right? So, we've had above-trend semiconductor industry revenue growth. But it's clear that the industry is entering a more challenging time, and we've heard from some companies about a minimum pulling back on hiring, just tightening down, so to speak. And so my question to you is, have you seen the hesitation on the part of customers in signing large deals? Or are you having to go to a higher level to get approvals for large deals?
Aart de Geus: We are well aware of companies having reduced their hiring at least temporarily somewhat. I have not heard of any significant pullback or hesitation. The design activities typically don't mirror immediately what happens in the market because the market is really a function of the end sales, i.e., the quantity of chips being sold. And so R&D is very stable against that. And more often than not, when there's a flat period of even -- or even a downturn, people invest in R&D to make sure that they have differentiation coming out of it. So as we, I think, said in the preamble, we feel that our business is actually very robust right now.
Trac Pham: Gary, in addition to that, from a business metric perspective, we saw run rate up pretty strongly in Q3. So we're not seeing any indication of those concerns.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And now to the line of Gal Munda from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: It's [Arsenio] for Gal. Congrats on the quarter. Just if you think about guidance again, it's been a year of putting us down the execution. If you look back at when you first guided, what surprised you most this year so far that has allowed you to kind of walk outside throughout the year?
Trac Pham: Yes. If you look at the guidance that we just gave for this first to the year and compare it to where we were back in December, at the midpoint, we're up north of $300 million in terms of the outlook for the year. And what we're seeing in terms of the better outlook is just really strength across all of the products. We -- going into the year, we did expect it to be a strong year, but the traction that we've gotten on the new products, the continued strength on our IP business, and it's just the continued momentum on SIG that we saw with the last previous four quarters continued. So, we really saw strong growth across the customer base, across all geos, across all product lines. So business is doing really well.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. That's helpful. And just I have one quick follow-up. How was going to DSO.ai contributing financially to growth? Is it at any material level yet and just kind of your growth outlook on that? And what you guys are looking forward to that offering? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Sorry, it was a little hard to understand the whole to understand. But on DSO.ai, you have to think of this as sort of a multiply on our existing products and it's a product working together in a flow. And so, DSO.ai really improves both the speed of getting results and the quality of the results in terms of typically the performance and the power utilization of the resulting chips. And so that is of super high value, but that also encourages our customers to work with our suites because the suite of tools is particularly well matched to DSO.ai. And so that is really one of the reasons that we see strong growth around that entire digital design solution.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And now to Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and congratulations on the solid results and execution. Your long-term growth outlook, yes, with the passing of the CHIPS Act combined with the recent semiconductor supply chain disruptions that we've seen over the past 2.5 years, you've got growing geopolitical risk. Many of your semiconductor customers are prioritizing manufacturing diversification. And they're now starting to put in place plans to support one or more new foundry partners. So this is going to entail new library development, new IP blocks, and even in some cases, new design flows. This is for both leading-edge digital and analog. I know that your customers have to add design engineers every time they add a new foundry partner. So Aart, is this focus on diversification for driver of both your EDA and IP businesses as well?
Aart de Geus: The answer in a nutshell is absolutely yes. And you actually explained the situation very lucidly because it's clearly visible that many factories in front of the mind of many countries because they want to make sure that they have supply. And the value of chips has suddenly been recognized by not having them, meaning a supply shortage immediately puts the attention on that. But from a development point of view, when you put more manufacturing in place, you need to have the complete enablement capabilities, which are the tools, the IP, the services and so on, and you said correctly, and the talent. And if there is one thing that we cannot grow faster than a 20-year rate, it's talent in the world. That is going to be one of the shortages. And so, one of the interesting side ramifications for us is this is one additional reason why the value of being able to shorten design time is so valuable. But it's even better than that in some of the capabilities that we have we can get these results with less skilled people and fewer of them. And so, by no means, with this reduced employment in the industry on the contrary, but it does help a little bit with the talent shortage and all of this ties together pretty much in the way you described it. Thank you.
Harlan Sur: I appreciate that. And then another growth turn I sort of wanted to touch bases on. You talked about the expansion of your customer base, right, in chip design, so a lot of your sort of systems level customers. And recently one of the largest ASIC semi companies, it's a big customer for Synopsys. They did a deep dive into their ASIC business and they have helped customers like Google, Cisco, Facebook and many others bring their ASIC chips to the market and they have got a design win pipeline. I think of like some are over like 70 advanced chip designs. Now, obviously, this is the classical engagement model, right? The systems customer does much of the front end design, which obviously has been a strong growth driver for Synopsys, the ASIC company like a Broadcom or Marvell does the Bakken physical design, design closure, verification, tape off. I'm wondering if you're trying to see the move by these ASIC systems customers to move more towards the full flow or COT model, which obviously would open up more growth opportunities for your team as well?
Aart de Geus: Well, we see them go in all of these directions. And for these large hyperscalers that you mentioned, they are all essentially discovering what the semiconductor world looks like. Because they have figured out that, the semiconductor is a direct multiplier on their software, but you can also say the other direction in the software as a direct multiplier on the semiconductor underneath. And so if they can optimize solutions, for just their applications with other words narrower solutions that is their hope to get much higher speed throughput and in some cases also much less power utilization. And you are absolutely correct that you can go having a full design flow yourself, you can have a full service company do everything for you or you can do something in between, which is the ASIC pathway where you design most of the functionality, structure the architecture and then let somebody else do the physical design. And I think these will all three stay alive, but the good news is a lot more people that want chips just for themselves. And that's where you see this broadening of different architectures, and certainly AI was a foreboding example of that because literally 100 or so AI companies are all designing the best chip ever, of course. And the reality is it's a race for different vertical segments.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And now to the line of Charles Shi from Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Charles Shi: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my question. Maybe, Aart, the first question, you sort of mentioned about ebbs and flows happening in the semiconductor industry and quite frankly the broader macro economy. Looking ahead to point, so I know you're not guiding '23, but what do you think that are you going to maintain your low double-digit growth into quite a challenging year in terms of macro next year? Because when I look at your historical numbers after you transition to basically a time based revenue model, you probably only had one year that is kind of showing flattish kind of growth, which was away all night around that time. So maybe very specifically, my question is how bad a macro has to be for what happened in '08, '09 to repeat in '23, '24. Do you think that's going to happen, if not, and why?
Aart de Geus: Well, of course, bringing up '08, '09 is bringing up something where, in '08, people -- this is the Great Depression coming back, right? There was very little consistency or belief that this would go away after a couple of years. Having said that, in '08, '09, we were able to actually every year eke out a little bit of growth, but for all practical terms, were flat. And I think one of the reasons for that was our stable business model, but the other reason was that people don't stop R&D for a long time before they decide to have to cut that because that is cutting off future. And so they'd rather start the rest of the Company a bit in order to make sure that new products keep coming out. And the other observation is that even in '08, '09, there was no slowdown of new technology, meaning if you stop designing for 2 years, you are definitely no longer in the leading pack from a technology point of view. So am I the right person to ask if we're going to have a '08, '09 economy going forward? No, I'm not the right person, but I also don't believe that that's going to happen. And so the indications right now subject to, of course, any crazy political situation. But aside of that, all our key customers are investing in technology and are racing forward.
Charles Shi: Maybe another question about your specific about your IP, excluding the system integration business, '21, definitely, you are growing, I believe, slightly ahead of your mid-teen outlook, probably closer to 20%. '22 year-to-date looks like your IP growth is potentially very strong, double digit, and probably north of 20%, I assume, but you're still guiding 15% long-term outlook. So maybe this is a kind of simplistic view here. Is there a risk of mean reversion at some point, meaning IP could grow under 15% at some point in the future why or why not?
Aart de Geus: I understand that your objective is to look at what we're going to do in '23, but you know well that in December, we'll give you a better guidance on that. But I'd like to raise the fact that when we gave you the long-term objectives, this is only December. It's not that long ago. And so right now, we certainly state that we're not changing that guidance at all. And so, I don't expect that we will surprise you in some big way in December. I think we were on track to continue against those expectations.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And now to Jason Celino from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: So Aart, the references for DSO.ai, the customer wins, they're quite impressive. How are customers using DSO.ai today, is it more proof-of-concept type work? Is it leading edge type work? And then are these customers evaluating Cadence Cerebrus simultaneously?
Aart de Geus: Well, the reason I mentioned that it has impact on our business is because they're using this in production. And yes, of course, the most advanced people have always been the people that first pick up on the most capable new tools. And so, these are very advanced often large companies that are doing now many designs with this capability because the value it's high, and they are definitely seeing the issue of insufficient talent. And so that's sort of the main space. I don't know actually that we see much of our competition, not to put them down or anything like that. I'm sure they're doing good stuff. But the advances that we've made in the last year, even in my own book, are quite remarkable and are broadening, by the way, to more and more capabilities going forward. So I think we're into a whole next phase of what EDA will mean to our customers. And very often, advanced users try very quickly and then they're very careful. They tried very quickly, and they're absolutely adopting.
Jason Celino: And then, Trac, again, impressive guidance raise here. Sorry to try to parse this out, but how much of the revenue contribution in the guidance is coming from WhiteHat?
Trac Pham: Just to give you a sense of the WhiteHat for the year, it's about $15 million to $20 million in terms of revenue. So a large part of the raise for the full year is really coming from a very strong healthy organic business.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Aart, a technology question for you first and then a follow-up for Trac. So on subject of AI, two things. First, could you talk about how you do your own internal development for AI? That is for DSO.ai. The reason I ask is, as I'm sure you're well aware, there's an arms race across multiple software company, each claiming to have some AI. And obviously, you do. It's in production. But I'm curious as to how you distinguish or carve out your own internal AI, specifically for EDA purposes, as compared to the developments you do for the tools themselves. And then more broadly, how do you think about the implications of AI for the IP business? The reason I asked that is Synopsys and a recent technology presentation at -- actually an ANSYS Conference spoke about, for example, AI in the context of design reuse, design remastering, all of which would seem to have some implication for IT and which, of course, you're number one, at least in EDA. For Trac, one number that has become increasingly material in your disclosures, and I'm sure we'll get the update in a couple of days in the Q, is your FSAs, which was $1 billion as of the end of Q2. Could you talk about the composition of that number? Is that predominantly IP? And how does it factor with your guidance and revenue growth assumptions?
Aart de Geus: Okay. Let me start with AI. The first thing to understand with AI is AI is a very advanced, different way of programming the solution to a variety of problems. And of course, we use the traditional approach, but we also use what's called pattern matching where you find situations -- where the recognition of the situation allows you to improve something for the better. Now that statement applies to the domain that you apply it to. And so if we took our DSO.ai and say, "Hey, tomorrow morning, we're going to do, I don't know, blood diagnostics and learn something about patients," we would have initially 0 to offer because the AI needs to be matched in its intent to the area of the problem. And by the way, I -- in fact you alluded to that a minute ago on the question of why the AI chips, all these people are essentially optimizing for their domain, right? Well, we have optimized for our domain, and our domain is unbelievably complex because we have, arguably, some of the most complex search spaces, meaning those are all the potential solutions finding the right one in any field. And so it's really the combination of the understanding of what we do and then the exploration with AI that fits together. Secondly, AI for IP, of course, we use it ourselves. And a very simple reason would be one could consider Synopsys as one of the most advanced design companies in the world for what we do. And so, we don't use our designs to put chips on the markets. We don't design chips. We design IP blocks. But the concept is actually similar. Third, you mentioned something interesting that I'm well familiar with, which is the need and the desire to sometimes take an existing design and migrate it to a different technology node. Sometimes it's called remastering. Sometimes it's called retargeting. That's the word you used, I think. And initially, we did some experiments already a year ago for knowing -- going from one node to another node that was pretty similar. And we've got excellent results, and we've got them fast. And we could learn from the existing design and apply it to the new one. Meanwhile, we've vastly improved on that because we've been able to move many clicks forward in terms of nodal technology and still get much better results. And so I'm the first one to say we're at the beginning of a big journey. But so far, it's a pretty cool journey.
Trac Pham: So, Jay, your question on FSAs and the mix of that and how it affects us -- affects our results. FSAs are predominantly IP, but there's a good portion of EDA software in there as well. With FSAs, what's changed most significantly is since 606 when in effect, whenever a customer pulls down software, pulls down IP, revenue gets recognized at that point where historically, it would have been recognized over time. So you see that create more variability in the business. Now on a plus side, from a commercial perspective, what's great about FSAs are that it gives our customer a lot more flexibility in terms of how they can transact. So they'll sign contract. And this is an area where we continue to innovate and launch new products. They will actually -- we'll see them consume those FSAs quicker. So, you'll see an acceleration in revenues from that business model.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Sachin Jain: This is Sachin Jain on behalf of Vivek. Thank you for taking the question. I want to focus on EDA. Obviously, you've raised your full year guidance. But for EDA specifically, growth has slowed to just mid-single digits, and now it's below trend of 10% to 15%. So could you help us understand, what's causing the slowdown? And when do you expect it to go back to the trend line? Thank you.
Trac Pham: Let me clarify. The business is doing very well. And certainly, we're executing -- we're seeing growth in that business line within our business model of double-digit growth. So, this -- what you're seeing here is just a function of two things, the fluctuation, the comparisons to last year. Remember, this year, you've got hardware that's front-end loaded compared to last year, which is more back-end loaded. So it's a function of the comparison. But also when you match up our -- when you decompose the EDA software business, which is about 65% of our overall revenues, we're growing very nicely, well within -- certainly well within the double-digit model.
Sachin Jain: Great. And then just a follow-up to an earlier question on the entity list. Is it possible to give us a sense of how much of your sales are coming from gate-all-around development in China, whether domestic Chinese companies or multinational? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Well, none of that is material, but gate-all-around in China doesn't exist yet.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Blair Abernethy from Rosenblatt. Please go ahead.
Blair Abernethy: Just -- Aart, just wondering if there was anything you'd call out from the U.S. CHIPS and Science Act. Any change or opportunities it might present for Synopsys?
Aart de Geus: Well, as you know, many countries are putting big investments in the semiconductor area in general. And the U.S. has been hesitant to do that for a while, but that now came to conclusion. It's a magnitude similar to investments that Europe is committing to, that Korea's committing to. China has a larger commitment but over a longer period of time. And so, I think this is all in recognition that when you don't have chips, you really want them badly. And so supply shortages got a lot of attention. At the same time, I think there's also an increased understanding that the importance of chips is growing because the importance of adding smarts in every aspect of life will require more computation. That computation needs to be really fast and that we're still at the beginning of exploring the full impact of AI. So people are investing in that from a strategic point of view. As somebody else noted, I think earlier, a lot of those investments are initially aimed at essentially putting manufacturing capacity in. Around that, there needs to be quite a bit of enablement, but there will also be investments made to look at newer ways of doing things, and we highlighted the whole multichip or multi-die 3DIC, there are many different names for it, very tight packaging, and there will most definitely be investments in that, but also specialty technologies that are needed so that one is not dependent on some singular location in the world to get those. In all of these, we are close partners to the companies that are the primary companies to respond to these requirements. And we are, in many ways, the enabler, we like to use the term the catalyst to make it happen. And so, if the industry around us does well, they will need us to really do well. And so I think it's only upside.
Blair Abernethy: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just one other follow-up on the DSO.ai questions. Any sense of the breadth of interest in the product? Obviously, in the more advanced -- customers looking at it first. But are you seeing it really broaden out into the bigger part of your base and in the systems companies, for example, and so forth? Just wondering how deep is this -- is the opportunity for DSO.ai?
Aart de Geus: I think it is very broad. It will follow sort of the urgency of the individual companies and also the skill set of the individual companies. In the system houses, we already have a number of people using it there as well. And at the same time, we have also some people say, "Oh, no, let's not go too fast. Let me first put in a regular "chip design approach." Well, yes, that will take a year, and then they will want to go faster, too. So fundamentally, this will continue to become a strong ingredient in any design flow over time. But we have a very wide and some very advanced people and some people that can do just fine with not being necessarily on the most of the most advanced versions.
Operator: Thank you. We have no one else in queue. Please continue.
Aart de Geus: Well, at this point in time, thank you for your support and interest. We continue to do well against markets that certainly demand the skills that we have to provide. And we hope that we will be able to deliver to you what we said for this year. Actually, we don't hope, we plan, and that is passing the $5 billion mark, and that's an exciting moment. So thank you for your support, and thank you to our employees to help make this happen.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Event Conferencing Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-05-18 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2022. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call will last one hour. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Caroline. Good afternoon, everyone. Here today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’d like to remind everyone that during the course of the conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today’s earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation, are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on our website at the conclusion of the call. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. We delivered an outstanding second quarter, exceeding all of our guidance targets and reaching record revenue, operating margin, earnings per share and cash flow. Revenue for the quarter was $1.28 billion. Business was very strong across all product areas and geographies. Backlog grew to $7.3 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $1.89, with non-GAAP earnings of $2.50 and non-GAAP ops margin of 37%. We generated $750 million of operating cash flow. With our significant first half strength and high confidence in our business, we are raising guidance substantially for the year. We expect to grow annual revenue approximately 20% to pass the $5 billion milestone, drive further ops margin expansion and grow earnings per share by more than 25%, while generating approximately $1.6 billion in operating cash flow. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. Our financial momentum builds on three drivers: an unmatched product portfolio with groundbreaking new innovations; robust semiconductor and electronics market demand; and excellent operational execution. The backdrop for our outlook sits at the intersection of massively growing amounts of data and the demand for Smart Everything, empowered by machine learning and AI. This is synonymous to stating that in both, consumer and business applications, the need for electronics and chips is relentless, chips for data capture and IoTs, for data transmission, for data storage and, of course, for faster high-bandwidth and dedicated computation, plus a huge and intensifying need for more security and safety. All of this means escalating opportunities for Synopsys. We’ve seen growing demand, not only from our traditional semi and systems customers, but also from impactful new entrants such as hyperscalers, a mounting number of start-ups and nontraditional systems companies across vertical markets. Notwithstanding macroeconomic choppiness in an uncertain geopolitical environment, these companies are investing heavily in highly complex chips, systems of chips and chiplets and security initiatives. Synopsys is a catalyst in enabling this new Smart Everything era as many customers race forward to invent and deliver highly creative and optimized chips and systems. Our innovations, particularly in AI-driven design flows and at the intersection of hardware and software, are crucial for our customers and have fueled our accelerating momentum. In addition, our IP focus, particularly in high-speed connectivity and advanced interfaces supporting multichip design is second to none and yielding excellent business growth. Let me begin this quarter’s highlights with AI as we continue to deliver groundbreaking results and as machine learning is revolutionizing chip design. Our DSO.ai solution, which learns and automates a substantial portion of the design flow, is seeing rapid adoption for production use. Many of the largest, highest profile semiconductor companies are reporting tremendous productivity benefits using DSO.ai in production today. At our user conference in March, MediaTek, Intel, Samsung and Sony shared with fellow engineers their impressive achievements using our DSO.ai. The reported results were truly remarkable, as much as 20x productivity improvement, 7% to 25% lower power and a dramatic reduction in turnaround time with a single engineer completing four design blocks in half the time that had previously took four engineers. Critical to the high impact of DSO.ai is our powerful digital design solution, resulting in significant cross-selling opportunities and competitive wins at cornerstone semiconductor and systems customers. Orders were well ahead of plan, contributing to our backlog growth. In Q2, two major hyperscalers selected Synopsys’ highly differentiated Fusion Compiler product for multiple advanced designs. We also significantly expanded our share at a top U.S. communication semiconductor company. In aggregate, the trailing 12 months revenue for Fusion Compiler more than doubled. At our user conference, I had the opportunity to highlight not only some of the exciting capabilities to come such as using AI and verification, but also how Synopsys overall is technically helping to transform EDA design more broadly. Our custom design solutions, for example, are seeing strong market disruptions as well, including 19 full-flow competitive displacements year-to-date. Over the past year, revenue grew double digit in this area, with adoptions ranging from large semiconductor companies designing at advanced nodes to automotive to memory vendors. With advanced chips -- while advanced chips are the foundation of continued scale complexity, electronic systems now increasingly grow systemic complexity by tightly connecting many chips and the software to drive them. Synopsys excels at this. An ideal example of systems leadership and impact is our IP product line. Here, too, business momentum continued with another excellent quarter as demand remains very high, especially in the AI, high-performance compute and automotive markets. In Q2, we enhanced our comprehensive AI IP portfolio with the introduction of the industry’s highest performance neuroprocessor IP. Simultaneously, we extended our lead in the most advanced commercial processes. We can report significant traction with our interface and foundation IP, achieving more than 30 3-nanometer design wins for high-performance compute and networking, as well as notable wins in mobile applications. In automotive, our decade-plus investments, safety certifications and market engagements are not only generating continued momentum with leading semiconductor suppliers, but also with OEMs and Tier 1s now developing their own chips. We count among our customers the top 12 leading automotive semiconductor suppliers, 10 automotive OEMs and 12 Tier 1 companies worldwide. For IP, we have close to 600 automotive design wins in advanced nodes, demonstrating the strength of our portfolio. At the hub of the system is the intersection of hardware and software. This is precisely where our verification solutions are targeted. Let me highlight three success drivers. First, there is high demand for our market-leading emulation and prototyping hardware products. Demand is high, and we’re heading towards another record year. Fueling this are our new powerful application-specific ZeBu emulation and HAPS-100 prototyping systems. While demand is broad-based across customers and geographies, we continue to see significant growth in usage expansion at many of the largest hyperscalers in the world. Second, multi-die, sometimes called chiplet-based system design, is driving a strong need for innovation. Synopsys is uniquely differentiated with our 3DIC Compiler solution and the industry’s leading portfolio of die-to-die interface IP, both of which are essential. Our focus and execution are driving adoption momentum with engagements across multiple market segments, including AI servers, automotive, telecom and aerospace. And third, cloud-enabled design. One of the challenges for chip designers is access to sufficient yet flexible compute power. Of course, our EDA customers have been using cloud compute for years, but true flexibility hasn’t been available until now. In Q2, we expanded our cloud offering with the industry’s first broad-scale cloud SaaS solution. It offers unique flexibility in both, access and business model. Synopsys now offers three cloud approaches usable for peak demand to full deployment: One, bring your own cloud with pay-per-use access on the customer’s choice of third-party cloud provider; two, a SaaS model with tools, flows and Microsoft Azure-based compute; three, hardware-based verification with ZeBu Cloud. Initial customer reception has been excellent, ranging from very small startups to large companies seeking peak compute flexibility. Now, to Software Integrity, which is both enabling and benefiting from intensifying demand for security and safety across all market verticals. Bolstered by momentum of products and consulting as well as broadening geography strength, we delivered another strong quarter with 20% year-over-year growth, exceeding our internal plan. Internationally, we had our best quarter ever, reaching 10 new countries that we’ve never sold to before through our channel partners. We also continue to make good progress improving our renewal rates and new logo engagement metrics. From a product perspective, our broad portfolio is unique in the market, as our three-pronged approach provides differentiated value for all stakeholders, the developers, the DevOps group and the corporate security team. Over the past year, we’ve launched significant new products in each of these areas, and customer response has been excellent. Industry analysts continue to recognize Synopsys’ strength. For the fifth year in a row, we were named a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for application security testing, and for the fourth straight year, we were rated the farthest up and to the right. Finally, a few weeks ago, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire WhiteHat Security, a leading provider of SaaS-based dynamic application security testing, or DAST technology. This acquisition will further expand our portfolio and accelerate the build-out of our SaaS solutions. We look forward to welcoming the WhiteHat team after the close, which we currently expect to be in our third fiscal quarter. In summary, we delivered a high momentum quarter and are substantially raising our outlook for fiscal ‘22. Building on a wave of technology innovations, fueling growth, strong and resilient markets and excellent operational and financial execution, we’re poised to cross the $5 billion mark revenue milestone this fiscal year. These results are not possible without the unwavering commitment and diligence of our employee teams. We thank you all. With that, I’ll turn it over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. In Q2, we delivered record revenue, operating margin, non-GAAP EPS and cash flow. We continue to execute exceptionally well despite uncertainties in the macro environment. This is a testament to our robust portfolio, healthy markets and financial discipline. Our strong execution is also enhanced by the stability and resiliency of our time-based business model and $7.3 billion of noncancelable backlog. Our results and growing confidence in our business lead us to again raise our full year 2022 targets. After surpassing $4 billion in revenue in 2021, we expect to grow 20% and cross $5 billion in 2022 as our growth accelerates for the third straight year. I’ll now review our second quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.28 billion, up 25% over the prior year, with strength across all product groups and geographies. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $916 million. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $809 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 36.8%. GAAP earnings per share were $1.89. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.50, up 47% over the prior year. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $1.17 billion, up 25%, with robust demand for EDA software and IP. Semiconductor & System Design adjusted operating margin was 39.2%. Software Integrity segment revenue was $113 million, up 20%. And adjusted operating margin was 11.5%. Turning to cash, we generated a record $750 million in operating cash flow. We used $250 million of our cash for buybacks and have repurchased $890 million of stock in the trailing 12 months. Our balance sheet remains very strong. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $1.72 billion, and debt of $24 million. Before providing guidance, let me briefly comment on the WhiteHat acquisition, which is subject to regulatory review and customary closing conditions. We will pay approximately $330 million in cash when the transaction closes, which we expect to occur this quarter. Based on our preliminary review, we expect the acquisition to be roughly neutral to non-GAAP earnings this year. Now to the guidance, which excludes any impact from the WhiteHat acquisition. We are raising our full-year outlook for revenue, operating margins, earnings, and cash flow. For fiscal year 2022, the full year targets are revenue of $5 billion to $5.05 billion, this represents 19% to 20% growth and a $225 million increase versus our prior outlook. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $3.928 billion and $3.975 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.35 billion and $3.38 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin improvement of approximately 250 basis points. Non-GAAP tax rate of 18%. GAAP earnings of $6.22 to $6.40 per share. Non-GAAP earnings of $8.63 to $8.70 per share, representing 26% to 27% growth. Cash flow from operations of $1.55 billion to $1.6 billion. Capital expenditures of approximately $145 million, up from our prior guidance as we consolidate our campus at headquarters to create a more efficient and economical footprint. Now to the targets for the third quarter. Revenue between $1.21 billion and $1.24 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $981 million and $1.0 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $830 and $840 million. GAAP earnings of $1.32 to $1.44 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $2.01 to $2.06 per share. In conclusion, we continue to execute exceptionally well. And based on our strong momentum, we expect to deliver 20% revenue growth 250 basis points of non-GAAP operating margin improvement, more than 25% non-GAAP earnings growth and $1.6 billion of operating cash flow in fiscal 2022. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Mobley: Let me extend my congratulations on good execution, to say the least. I want to ask a multipart question on the backlog, up, I believe, roughly 50% year-over-year and mid-single-digit percent or high single-digit percent sequentially. So, to what extent is that backlog number growing as a result of longer duration -- average longer -- longer average duration? Excuse me. Maybe we can start there.
Trac Pham: Gary, the backlog is up due to overall run rate growth. Duration remains within the model we communicated in the past, which is 2.5 to 3 years.
Gary Mobley: Okay. And here we sit today with the potential for your company to grow 20% this year, and that’s obviously much -- well, I guess, it’s technically within your long-term view of double-digit percent growth. But that could mean a lot of different things to different people. So, I’m wondering if we can get an updated view on your long-term revenue growth target.
Aart de Geus: Well, right now, we’re not changing any targets for the long term, but clearly, we’re at the right end of the double digit answer. And in general, I would say that we feel that we’re in a strong position that has a potential to continue for quite a while by virtue of not only building up the backlog, but more importantly so, by the conjunction of the demand in the market and what we have to offer being particularly well aligned. So, I think, the Company is very strong right now, and you saw that we changed the objective for the year considerably from where we started the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc.
Jason Celino: Really impressive guidance raise here. I think as we kind of second -- cross into the second half, maybe if we take a step back six months coming into the year versus now, what exactly in your visibility or confidence level has improved so much? Or I guess, what has surprised you to this point?
Aart de Geus: Well, I wouldn’t say it’s a surprise. It’s been hard work that has worked really well. I think we’re executing extremely well at this point in time. And having the products that are needed at the right time, including some that have truly breakpoints in innovation that are very valuable for the future serves us well. Obviously, the markets around us have a lot of noise up and down and sideways, but we cater to a part of the market that is highly competitive where there is a renewed understanding of how important chips are for differentiation in literally every field you can think of. And so, that is an area where the customers want to move faster with better tools, with faster solutions, and I think we’re well positioned in that.
Trac Pham: Jason, we -- keep in mind, when we enter the year, we are feeling very bullish about the business, right? Because in December, we are coming off of several years of very strong growth and margin improvement. And based on that, we had already raised our long-term outlook for the business. What’s different now six months in is that we’ve booked six months worth of business that we continue to see the momentum be very strong and consistent with what we have communicated. So, right now, we’re feeling -- we’re feeling like we’re executing well against the opportunity ahead of us, and the outlook is really positive.
Jason Celino: Okay. And then, maybe just a quick one on margins. If we kind of back into the 4Q kind of implied framework, and I know Q4 is typically kind of one of the lower points on margins, but this year, it seems a little bit lower than on a sequential basis. Maybe can you maybe speak to maybe some of your hiring plans or timing of investments, which may impact that?
Trac Pham: Well, I’ll start with the fact that we are raising the overall margins for the year by 250 basis points versus ‘21. So, it’s a really strong improvement. With regards to the Q4 profile, we continue to invest in the business in the second half. Good hiring, and frankly, the other part that’s contributing to it is the fact that the outlook is so strong that we are increasing our variable compensation accrual in the back half of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy from WestPark Capital.
Ruben Roy: I’d like to extend my congratulations to you on solid execution. First question, Trac, just kind of around something that you mentioned last quarter and just thinking about durations haven’t changed, but backlog orders well ahead of plan, et cetera. You had talked about being able to extract more value in negotiations. And I’m just wondering if you could comment a little bit about kind of the pricing environment as you’re seeing expansion of tools across large customers, et cetera. Have the pricing dynamics across the business or product areas changed much between last year and this year?
Trac Pham: I’d say, the pricing environment is pretty healthy for us right now. And it starts with the fact that we are -- our products are incredibly competitive. And as you heard in Aart’s comments or prepared remarks, they are creating a lot of value for our customers. And the ability -- when you’re coming to an engagement of the customer with really good products that’s solving their problems in a much more efficient, effective and scalable way, it’s a much more constructive conversation on pricing.
Aart de Geus: Yes. In general, I would add, there is just a lot of demand. People are designing much more complex, not just chips, but systems of chips. The intersection between those chips and the software is more important, meaning that they want to optimize the chips for certain software and optimize certain software for the chips or vice versa. And so, these are all relatively difficult problems that require a lot of our tools and a lot of our IP. And I think the semiconductor market overall is heading towards continued growth by the sheer need of all these parts.
Ruben Roy: All right. Helpful. Thanks, Aart. I guess, just a quick follow-up on that, Aart, around the IP itself. As IP continues to grow for you and your competitor, and a lot of companies are obviously talking about IP or using IP going forward as the existing complexities continue to move up into the right, how are you -- how do you -- should we, I guess, think about IP as sort of a driver for your tool sales? Is it -- or is it kind of the other way around?
Aart de Geus: You’re right with both, meaning that in decades ago, clearly, was EDA driving things, and then you would sell some IP in some of the regions that have come online, let’s say, in the last 10 years, IP has often been the first decision-making point and then the EDA followed. And in the system world, it’s a little bit of both. But very often when people decide about what architecture they’re going to build, they make big decisions on the building blocks and then they immediately look in the catalog from Synopsys, okay, which building blocks can I have, ready to go or which ones can I get with some modifications. And that is, of course, a dramatic shortcut in design and effort. So, I think they’re sort of, in my perspective, two sides of the same coin. You need both, and both need to be working very well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Shi from Needham & Company.
Charles Shi: Congratulations on the strong results. I want to start with another question on IP. Thanks, Aart, for your answer on the synergy between EDA and IP. When I look at your numbers, it looks like your IP growth so far in this fiscal year has been far above your long-term target, like mid-teens. Really just wonder, do you still holding the view that IP is mid-teens kind of growth long term? Or do you think it may grow faster than that given how strong the results are so far in the year?
Aart de Geus: Well, as you know, so far, we want to hold on to the general directives that we’ve given for the long term. At the same time, there’s no doubt whatsoever that IP was particularly strong this quarter and actually has been strong for quite a while. And so, IP tends to be a little lumpy because you often sell IP over a period of time and then the customers pick it up as they need it, or some of the things that are subject to milestones if they want to have IP that’s modified for their purpose. So, it’s not always as easy to predict as some of the other things that are more time-based. But overall, they reflect very well the new designs, the new chips, but also the new types of chips. And we’re particularly strong already in those interconnectivity blocks that will be used when you put chips in very, very tight proximity, sometimes also refer to as chiplets. And so, that’s a whole new wave of opportunity for us.
Charles Shi: Maybe a second question. I know during the quarter, there was a press article about the subpoena -- the administrative subpoena you received probably like last year, by the end of last year. Can you give us an update as this is kind of an overhang, I mean, in terms of what investors think about Synopsys? And any update you -- is it closed, or when do you expect it to close?
Aart de Geus: Well, there’s not really an update. We received this, if I’m not mistaken, in November ‘21. And so, typically, you get a number of questions, and then there’s some follow-up on those questions. And by the way, a lot of these are being given out to a number of companies. And so, we have diligently followed up. It’s not for us to know actually when these things finish. So, it’s wait and see, but we’re following up, and no issues from our perspective so far.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink from Baird.
Joe Vruwink: I’m wondering if it is possible to maybe compare the new product cycle we seem to be in at the moment and thinking of DSO.ai fusion verification, hardware, 3DIC? How does kind of this cycle compare to, I think, 2019 was a big one, I think 2015 with IC Compiler was a big one? I mean, do you get the sense that there is greater traction or that this era of product is different and better than some of the prior recent experience?
Aart de Geus: That’s actually a fun question because you seem to know some of our better birthdays here. In ‘15 and ‘19, we had absolutely great products that hit markets that substantially advanced the existing state-of-the-art. I think when you talk about things like DSO or some of the hardware-software interaction, you’re essentially talking about a new state of the art. And having had the privilege to be here for a long time, I strongly feel that the early days of synthesis felt very similar to what we’re doing right now with AI applied to our own design flows, because it is so revolutionary from a computer science point of view as AI has essentially brought a whole new way to look at problems through the lens of can you recognize patterns versus can you do deductive calculations. And we have already demonstrated literally a month after month new results that are getting better and better, and also broadening the applicability beyond just design but also in verification. And so, I think there’s a long runway with that. But it is also literally fun to watch how excited our own teams are every time they get some better results.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. That’s great. And then, you went through a period of time thinking about fiscal ‘19, ‘20 and actually a lot of 2021 where your backlog, it was solid but sequentially stable. And now we’ve had 1 big step up, and actually this quarter is another big sequential step-up. How much of that would be renewal-driven and within the scope of a renewal getting uptake behind some of these more advanced solutions versus what might be new logo growth?
Aart de Geus: It’s a little bit of all of that. We have always wanted to say that backlog goes up and down because if you do, let’s say, a large transaction over multiple years, you get your backlog to go up, and then it gradually decreases as the revenue is recognized and then it gets renewed. Now, of course, we have many renewals, so it’s not that spiky in aggregate. But that’s the one flag I want to raise for backlog. On the other hand, there’s no question that our business is strong and that we have many growing renewals and are broadening the portfolio of what we offer as a company. And so, we are very purposefully building the Company for growth at this point in time. And so we’re watching to make sure that the backlog is in sync with the guidance that we give you going forward.
Trac Pham: Yes. I’ll add to Aart’s comments about the backlog. That is noisy, and it will vary from quarter-to-quarter. It’s great to have $7.3 billion of backlog. It’s even better that the backlog is increasing because of run rate growth, as Aart described. And that momentum in terms of run rate growth in the first half is really what’s driving the confidence in the outlook for the full year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Aart, you cited you all know that there is much that is new in EDA in terms of certainly accelerated growth, new customers, new customer requirements, new products and the like. But over time, EDA history has a way of repeating itself. And so, when we think about, for example, the thing that you started in your comments with AI -- and by the way, there’s a very interesting Synopsys presentation this morning at the ANSYS conference on AI. The question I have there is about historical precedence for earlier new tools. So, for instance, in the early days, our synthesis and implementation, eventually there were issues with respect to tool capacity, for example, in terms of synthesis blocks, for example, methodology. I’m sure you remember the great debate about flat and hierarchical and extensibility of the tools to new device types or applications. So, the question with respect to AI is how confident are you that the platform that you have is viable for 5 to 10 years in terms of capacity, performance and meeting the needs of a wider and wider set of device types, so that the kind of walls perhaps at some of the earlier tools eventually ran into, AI doesn’t necessarily run into. That’s question number one. For you, Trac, you raised the midpoint of your non-GAAP expense expectation for the year by $95 million. Could you talk about that in terms of headcount-driven growth behind that raise and guidance for OpEx? And if, for example, you were to fill every one of the more than 2,000 positions you now have opened, would you still be able to meet your margin objectives for the year?
Aart de Geus: Well, let me start with your first part 1, 2, 3 and 5 of the questions. All the things that you mentioned, I hope we have exactly those problems because we licked them in our history. The fact is that we have the good fortune of starting with synthesis that revolutionized digital design, made it possible, in all fairness, together with simulation, later place and route. And those automations kept growing with every success the customer who wants to do more. It’s like race car drivers, you give them a faster car, they drive fast and they say, "Can you give me something that’s faster?" And the good news is Synopsys for its entire history has always stayed at the state of the art. So, in that sense, this is normal evolution. Secondly, I think the AI capabilities that we have right now and that we’re building are actually quite broad in terms of the applicability. And if you add the very fact that on the side here, we have just announced that we also have a SaaS model for cloud, that’s theoretically saying, "Oh, there’s infinite compute waiting for you if you want to pay the price." And I don’t know I want to be light-hearted about this, but the fact is that compute is not a limitation for us right now. I think what will be the challenging part is that all the problems that we’re addressing are highly systemically complex, meaning there are so many different things that play together, and you have to nail every single one of them, otherwise, the system doesn’t work. And that plays absolutely to Synopsys’ strength because we are deep in every area that we touch, and we’ve put a high degree of emphasis now for a number of years for Synopsys to migrate its thinking from scale complexity to systemic complexity. And so, I actually have no fear in this direction. Trepidation on the execution is always there, but I think we’re on a roll here.
Trac Pham: Jay, with regards to your questions on OpEx. There’s two parts to the expense increase. One is the investments in the business. We’ll continue to invest in the business primarily to sustain really strong growth over the next few years. And the second part of the investment is making sure that we can scale this business in a way that we can drive margin improvement over time commensurate with that growth. The second part of what’s driving expenses is what I highlighted earlier, which is an increase in -- with a strong increase in the outlook for the year, it’s also allowing us to accrue more for the variable compensation to reflect the overachievement. On the hiring front, our outlook for the year of 250 basis points improvement in ops margin contemplates our ability to hire and our ability to continue to invest in the business. So it’s all closed loop and factored into the numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: I actually had two kind of more conceptual questions. So for the first one, I’m curious, why is there such a large gap between the growth rates of your EDA and the IP business? Conceptually, they should be levered to the same underlying trend. So, why is one outgrowing the other so much? And when I look at your EDA growth, like 9% kind of full year, more like 11%, last year was 10%. So, I don’t see the same acceleration that you are describing. And when I compare it to your peer who is growing in the mid-teens, there also appears to be a difference in growth. So, I just want to make sure I’m looking at things apples-to-apples. So, that’s the first question that I have.
Aart de Geus: Well, in all areas, we’re outgrowing our competition. And that includes EDA and IP and the other areas that we’re in. At the same time, all of those have historical precedents of how the business is set up. And if you recall, it’s not that many quarters ago that we were referring to IP as in the mid-single-digits growth rate. And today, we’re clearly in the double digit. So, that has moved up. The IP has moved up very fast. And part of the explanation I tried to give a little bit earlier is that, in a number of situations, IP is leading as IP is, in many ways, the shortcut of EDA, right, which is you have design that’s already done. And so, the combination of IP and EDA actually works really well together, and one should take them in aggregate. And in aggregate, the Company is essentially predicting for this year what is a 19% to 20% growth. And so, you can split the numbers anyway you want.
Vivek Arya: I see. So, you don’t agree with the market share gains or shifts that your competitor was describing in their last call?
Aart de Geus: I cannot fully -- I cannot critique what others say about their business. We are doing well. I think the semiconductor industry is growing rapidly. There’s no question that most advanced nations in the world have all understood that chips are at the heart of all the software that’s needed to be competitive. And so, that is a very fundamental change. And we are, I think, playing very well in this with the technologies we have. And some of the areas that we have highlighted, such as DSO.ai, but I could have also highlighted SLM or a few other areas that are relatively new, we’re doing really well.
Vivek Arya: Right. And just a quick follow-up. The math suggests Q4 earnings could actually be down year-on-year. I imagine it’s more to do with just the pace of hiring because you still have pretty strong sales growth. But it will still suggest Q4 earnings based on your implied guidance would be down year-on-year. Did I get that math right? Is it just conservatism? Is it just kind of the timing of how OpEx and hiring is flowing? Is that the right way to understand why are...
Trac Pham: Yes. I would just look at the profiling. You’ve got two years that have very different profiles. And as a result, the comparisons are -- you’re comparing any particular quarter this year relative to the last year, it’s going to stand out and seem unusual. But I would -- if you zoom out and look at the full year, we’re delivering north of 25% EPS growth. And that’s really on the heels of strong revenue growth and margin improvement.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pradeep Ramani from UBS.
Pradeep Ramani: I just had a question on just the sustainability of this 20% revenue growth. It feels like everything you are saying on the call is that there are structural drivers that are accelerating the growth of your business, and yet you’re not taking up the financial model. So, how are we to sort of interpret this? Are we to interpret this as 2022 is going to be a 20% type growth and then you reset back to a lower level, or do you -- or should we take the other side, which is sort of EDA growth is sort of -- when I say EDA, EDA and IP growth is structurally higher than it’s been before?
Trac Pham: Let me try to put it in this context, Pradeep. We are executing incredibly well. And we’re showing 20% growth off of a record year last year. The momentum of the business is really strong. We are feeling very confident about the business, not only for this year, but over a multiyear period. Where the questions are coming from with regards to changing our multiyear model, we literally just are six months into this, and we updated you all on a raise in the model back in December. It’s premature to be talking about changing our model midyear, while we still have six months left in the business to go. But I would just say that we are feeling very bullish and confident in the business over a multiyear period. So, I would not read anything in terms of the results and are concerned about our ability to sustain very strong results over the long term.
Pradeep Ramani: Great. And as a follow-up, maybe, I mean, this has sort of been asked, but let me ask it in a different way. If you grow especially in the back half of the year, is it being driven by maybe one big customer who’s pursuing foundry plans or is it broad-based? Both in terms of customer mix and maybe even in terms of just product mix with respect to hardware or EDA or IP and so on?
Trac Pham: Well, you can see in our disclosures that we are seeing very strong growth in all geographies and across all the product lines. So, it just gives you a sense of the breadth that we have with regards to where the growth is coming from. We don’t disclose, obviously, the customer detail, but the growth in -- all these areas are driven by really strong growth across the broad customer base. So, I -- we’re not attributing the change in the model or the outlook for the year to any one area. That’s just not a sustainable way to run a business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead. [Operator Instructions]
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, I guess we can finish on a timely fashion. Thank you very much for your interest. We had not only a very strong quarter, but more importantly, saw momentum in our entire business. It will go forward for, as Trac said, a number of quarters. And so, on that basis, we appreciate your support, and we’ll be talking to you shortly in the one-on-ones.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-02-16 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2022. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour, five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Eric. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys, and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets, and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release.  In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement, and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. And with that, I will turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. Q1 was an excellent start to the year, building on the strength and momentum from 2021 we met or exceeded all of our key guidance targets with strength across all product groups and geographies.  Revenue was $1.27 billion, with GAAP earnings per share of $1.99 and non-GAAP earnings at the high end of our target range at $2.40. As a result of this solid start and confidence in our business, we are raising our full year revenue and earnings guidance. We're also executing well on the long-term accelerated revenue growth and margin expansion objectives we communicated to you in December.  The excellent results can be attributed to three reasons, strong semiconductor market, strong technology with increasing differentiation, strong execution by our teams and adoption of new products. Trac will provide more financial details.  Assessing the landscape market is very sound and growing in a way that is positive for Synopsys. As the power and impact of massive amounts of big data are increasingly realized, demand for smart everything continues to intensify. As a result, customers ranging from traditional semiconductor companies to AI startups, hyperscalers and vertical system houses are all investing heavily and prioritizing design activity. Rapidly escalating technical complexity as big data and AI software are brought together in increasingly advanced ways means that today's products require highly complex chips, systems of chips, and more security and safety. As a result, customer investments are increasing across all market segments.  Synopsys has invested heavily over the past five years in a wave of unique innovations, targeted apps and ideally suited for this new era. These investments are yielding excellent technical differentiation and business results. At the center of enabling the smart everything era sits the power of AI to develop more complex chips better and faster.  Our solutions have featured machine learning technology for many years. About a year and a half ago though, after a multiyear development effort, we released a groundbreaking new AI driven solution that directs not just individual tools but greatly impacts results and productivity on major segments of the design flows. Our award winning DSO.ai solution is the first of its kind and the only one proven in customer production environments. Today.  DSO.ai learns and autonomously drives our design tools in the design space to find the best combination of chips performance, power and area. This automation substantially accelerates the work of design teams, while delivering better results than traditional design flows. Customers are seeing remarkable outcomes and are deploying quickly to production use. DSO.ai has already been adopted in production design by five of the top 10 semiconductor leaders.  In Q1, we saw multiple additional deployments across verticals including mobile datacenter and processor design. Samsung has completed multiple tape outs in mobile, including a state-of-the-art high performance design in their latest process technology. A leading hyper scalar boosts the DSO.ai by using hundreds of CPUs on the cloud, and achieved excellent results for advanced SOC. These breakthrough results demonstrates how DSO.ai can leverage abundance cloud compute for deep design space optimization.  Critical to the success of the episode of AI are the powerful engines that sit underneath the integrated fusion design platform. The overall solution is resulting in significant cross-selling opportunities and accelerating growth across our platform. Momentum is manifest across a wide spectrum of market verticals and manufacturing processes.  During the quarter, we achieved multiple 3-nanometer design wins, including at a top processor provider, 100% plan of record adoption for a 3-nanometre flagship SOC at a leading mobile provider, and events node wins at the world's largest CPU providers. We’re also achieving competitive wins at established nodes, including as a leading LCD driver provider. As a result of these high value innovations hyperscalars continue to expand their reliance on us throughout our portfolio, including multiple new designs using the fusion platform.  A critical aspect of enabling smart everything is tackling technical complexity across the entire system. The Synopsys maxim from silicon to software is truly indicative of not only our longstanding focus on the system, but also our differentiating portfolio that puts us in a unique position to enable today's design.  A bellwether of systems leadership is IP. Following a record 2021, we continue to deliver excellent results in Q1 and demand remains very high. Driven by tremendous complexity, and time to market pressures. Customers increasingly choose to jumpstart their designs by relying more and more on the market leading IP portfolio with build and hold for more than 20 years.  In fact, a recent comprehensive IP market study performed by an independent research firm ranked Synopsys number one for the best IP highest quality IP and best support compared to other providers in the industry. We're seeing great momentum across key market segments including automotive, high performance compute, mobile and consumer. And automotive for example, Infineon announced at the Consumer Electronics Show the next generation AURIX TC4x microcontroller family, which utilizes Synopsys IP and virtualization technologies.  Securing the datacenter is a top priority for our customers. We see strong demand for our integrity and data encryption security IP with 20-plus designs wins to date on a rapidly growing number of active opportunities. Given the skyrocketing data requirements, storage is an important market for us as well. We continue to gain wide adoption of our PCI Express, Smart processors and next generation mobile storage protocol IP.  Let me talk a bit about some of the innovative system solutions driving our results. First at the intersection of hardware and software, system verification is a Synopsys’s strong suit adjacent to our longstanding market leadership with chip simulation, static analysis and debug technology, we are early innovators in software and hardware based prototyping, now a critical enabler of complex system.  Building on another record year in 2021, we continue to see excellent growth in hardware with both our ZeBu emulation and HAPS prototyping products. Demand is very strong as our solutions with the fastest engines highest capacity and lowest cost of ownership, especially compelling for today's sweet spot of software bring up.  This quarter we achieved major expansions where was our newest ZeBu and HAPS-100 hardware at several of the largest semiconductor systems and hyperscaler companies in the world. This included noteworthy wins over the newest solutions from our competition.  Second 3DIC design. This is a new generation of systems design that use this tightly abutting or stacking multiple dies on a specialized connection chip in order to enable massively more compute, storage and data management. Our 3DIC compiler platform is a single unified design environment that combines exploration, construction and signoff analysis. It showcases significant performance capacity and ease of use differentiation over much older competitor solutions.  In the quarter 3DIC continued its strong momentum deployed on production tape outs as a leading U.S., hyperscaler and a large networking systems company. Our 3DIC platform was recognized by winning TSMC’s Customer Choice Award for Leadership and 3DIC design and analysis.  And third, we have leveraged our expertise in design, manufacturing and IP to develop an innovative approach that expands and redefines what's possible in terms of optimizing an entire electronic system. Our Silicon Lifecycle Management platform allows customers to monitor, analyze, and optimize systems as they are designed, manufactured, tested and deployed in the field. We are seeing strong customer traction and growing adoption of key elements, including by AI pioneer Zebra [ph], who used our embedded monitors to understand on chip dynamic thermal and voltage conditions in order to optimize power and performance. The growing complexity of systems greatly expand security and safety requirements across the spectrum from chips all the way up to the application software. Our software integrity business attacks is very challenged with industry leading portfolio of security testing products and services.  Software integrity at a very good start to the year crossing the $400 million trailing 12-month revenue special, with strong growth across product groups consulting and geographies. Companies from a wide range of verticals including hyperscalers, financial services, mil aero and industrial continue to grapple with the challenge of bolstering their security posture. Security vulnerabilities for the entire software supply chain, including open source software are top of mind for developers, reinforced by government directives and recent publicized breaches. Our strategic consulting services are not only becoming more vital to customers, they're also driving increasing product sales, adoptions and longer term engagements. In Q1, this was particularly evident in the financial services space.  In DevOps, we see increased customer traction with our solutions, including intelligent orchestration to integrate application security testing into DevOps workflows. And Code Dx to correlate and prioritize findings to help developers efficiently address remediation while maintaining development velocity. In addition, the progress of our indirect partner strategy is very encouraging. Even in the early stages, the program is resulting in many new company adoptions around the globe, and business that is ahead of plans.  In summary, Q1 was an excellent start to the year, we delivered strong financial results and our reason our outlook for fiscal ’22. Our significant game changing innovations are driving outstanding technical and business results. The market we serve is strong, with intensifying customer investment in critical chips, systems designs and immense amounts of software. Lastly, we will publish our Third Annual Corporate Social Responsibility Report in which we share the solid progress we've made and the goals we've set in the areas of environmental stewardship, including achieving our third year of carbon neutrality, social solidarity, and corporate governance.  With that, I'll turn it over to Trac. 
Trac Pham : Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. First quarter results reflect good momentum across the company. We delivered a very strong start to the year with significant revenue growth across all product groups and geographies, expanded --expanding non GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings at the high end of our target range and solid operating cash flow.  Driving these results is a compelling combination of unprecedented market opportunities, accelerating customer adoptions of our groundbreaking new products and our excellent execution. Our confidence in our business is strong, and we are raising our full year 2022 targets.  I'll now review our first quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated a total revenue of $1.27 billion up 31% over the prior year. As expected, the quarter reflected strengths in EDA software, as well as outstanding demand for IP and hardware. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $923 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses are $811 billion resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 36.2%.  GAAP earnings per share were $1.99, non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.40 up 58% over the prior year. Semiconductor and system design segment revenue was $1.16 billion with both EDA and IP performing well. Software integrity segment revenue was $108 million a better than expected start to the year. We are on track to reaching our 15% to 20% growth objective for software integrity with expanded adjusted operating margin in 2022.  Turning to cash, we generated $156 million in operating cash flow higher than planned primarily due to early collections. We used $250 million of our cash for stock buybacks and ended the quarter with cash and short term investments of $1.27 billion with total debt of $24 million. Now the guidance. We are raising our full year outlook for revenue, earnings and cash flow. For fiscal year 2022, the full year targets are, revenue of $4.775 billion to $4.825 billion representing 14% to 15% growth. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $3.809 billion and $3.856 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.255 billion and $3.285 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin improvement of more than 100 basis points. Non-GAAP tax rate of 18%, GAAP earnings of $5.53 to $5.72 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $7.85 and to $7.92 per share, representing 15% to 16% growth, cash flow from operations of $1.45 billion to $1.5 billion. Now to the targets for the second quarter. Revenue between $1.24 billion and $1.27 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $931 million and $951 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $800 million and $810 million, GAAP earnings of $1.67 to $1.78 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $2.35 to $2.40 per share. We continue to anticipate revenue for Q3 and Q4 to be roughly evenly distributed with expenses skewed to Q4. As we announced in December, our long-term financial objectives are to deliver annual double-digit revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margin expansion of more than 100 basis points a year and non-GAAP EPS growth in the mid-teens range. In conclusion, we delivered a very good start to the year and are raising our 2022 outlook. Our longstanding commitment to managing the business for enduring long-term growth has not only generated the most compelling product portfolio we've ever had, but also positions us uniquely well for the current dynamic market landscape. As a result, we remain confident in the accelerated long-term financial targets we communicated to you in December.  With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll start questions from the line of Joe Vruwink from Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink : Great/ Hello everyone. I was hoping maybe to get a bit more detail on the product areas or geographies driving the $50 million increase in revenue guidance for the full year. And then in thinking about the sequencing of quarters this year since 1Q finished within the guidance range, is it fair that most of this upside is maybe coming in 2Q, just thinking about maybe your original expectations?
Aart de Geus : Let me start with the first part and maybe Trac can do the second part. Our strength has been really very much across the board. We can certainly say that the IP continues to stand out as growing very well. But some of the new capabilities that we see at EDA tools really are showing more and more opportunity going forward.  Now you heard about the Software Integrity Group. They continue on an excellent path. Last year was really a return to good growth and now we are improving the growth there as well. And lastly, the systems area, which is sort of at the intersection between -- so we like to call it at the end of the section between silicon and software is an area that will continue to grow because most of the systems get now optimized to make the software run as well as possible on the hardware and the hardware to be as responsive as possible to the software all the way to trying to optimize even the power consumption. So these things are very linked and our hardware and prototyping solutions are extremely well suited for that to have been strong.
Trac Pham : Hi, Joe, let me take the second part. I would characterize the upside for the year, the raise of $50 million. That's simply a Q2 upside. We delivered Q1 largely as planned. It was the biggest quarter of the year.  The deal -- the business that we booked in Q1, we saw very strong growth in EDA software, which should give us a nice trajectory not only for this year but going forward. And then we continue to see very strong demand in IP and hardware. The momentum that we saw through last year continued in Q1 in terms of results for revenue, but also just the overall demand, as Aart highlighted. And traditionally, we don't raise the full year at this point -- this early point of the year, but just given the visibility we have, not only Q2 but for the rest of the year. We have the confidence to raise the overall guidance.
Joe Vruwink : Okay. That's helpful. And then I just wanted to focus in a bit more given it came up in the prepared remarks, just the recent attention around open source vulnerability. I'm curious if you've seen a bit of a lift for Black Duck within the portfolio, maybe an acceleration in interest that could end up benefiting growth for software integrity as we move through the year?
Aart de Geus : Well, I think in general the Software Integrity Group is doing better and better because it is managed really well and is executing well. But what you have said still bears truth because they have been in the past year, a number of moments of high visibility of hacking on also open source capabilities. Even the U.S. government have made some mandates saying you have to pay more attention to this in their systems.  And so I think in general, there's a higher degree of recognition and that helps Black Duck because the capabilities that we have there. And also our consulting capabilities is precisely what customers need.
Joe Vruwink : Great. Thank you very much.
Aart de Geus : You’re welcome. 
Operator: Next, we'll move to the line of Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader : Great. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. The first one is on the -- that hyperscaler that you mentioned, the deployed DSO.ai in the cloud. And I'm curious I guess, number one, the deployment was that in offices cloud, other cloud, the customer's private cloud? And then the follow-up being depending on where the customer chooses to kind of run I think there’s hundreds of CPUs. Is there any kind of revenue leakage? If the customer chooses to do something in their private cloud versus maybe the Synopsys cloud?
Aart de Geus : Well, let me start at the end. No, there's no leakage, they have to use the licenses like any other licenses. Pretty much all the hyperscalers do have large clouds themselves. Some are also commercial cloud providers, obviously. And it doesn't matter if it's a private cloud or a commercial cloud if you have both, it is the same results. In this case, these are people that are extremely competent on managing clouds so considerate to commercial cloud.
Trac Pham : Jack, I would just add that regard. We do see cloud as a very strong incremental growth opportunity, and that is independent of whether or not they're using Synopsys cloud or a third-party cloud. We can support other scenarios, but the goal is to gain that business overall.
Jackson Ader : Yeah. I mean the point of the question, right, is just see if the customer would say, hey, thanks for DSO.ai and now I'm going to take my ball and go play over here with it, right, and maybe try and game the licenses. But no, that answers that. Thank you.  And then the second question is actually around the labor market. Is there anything that you might see in a tight labor market that might suggest a slowdown in the hiring of engineers at your more traditional, maybe semiconductor companies?
Aart de Geus : I think there is certainly no slowdown attempting to hire. As you well know, throughout most industries, there's an increase in turnover. A lot of people have been sitting at home for a few years and are looking for fair share. And so the entire semiconductor industry right now is looking for people.  And so we ourselves have had a bit of that, actually, not that much negative turnover, but we have hired substantially -- substantial amounts of people. And so I think that this will continue because there's no end in sight to the need and the opportunity space, I think, is very, very fertile. So these things tend to last for a year, year and half. And then they gradually equalize again.
Jackson Ader : All right. Thank you.
Aart de Geus : You’re welcome. 
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley : Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. And congratulations to a strong start to the fiscal year. I wanted to pick up on the last question and ask more so about wage inflation. Just a debate whether it's transitory or structural in nature. But I think it's probably fair to say that wage inflation or at least higher wages are here to stay.  And so my question for you is, are you able to pass this along in the way you're pricing license deals? And might there be a period of time in a labor intensive business that you're in where you've got a mismatch in the way deals are priced versus wage inflation?
Aart de Geus : It's an excellent question because, obviously, especially in the conjunction with the question Jackson had, whenever there is movement, there tends to be some increase in wages because otherwise, people wouldn't necessarily move and we see the same.  Fortunately, we have had the good fortune that our business continues to grow very well. And it tends to be a little bit more stable in terms of change because we have many multiyear transactions. But many of the transactions are becoming larger because customers want more tools, need more capabilities. And so we are more gradual in how we pass these costs along.  Having said that and track and emphasize from the ops margin perspective, but we are staying on track with not only growing the business but also continuing to improve the profitability of it. So all of these things have been taken into account as we project forward.
Trac Pham : I would add, Gary, that it's not -- in effect, we're able to manage the wage installation and still drive margins up. The way we do that, obviously, we factor those costs and the incremental cost into our expense and that's reflected in our guidance and our expectations for improving margins this year. The way -- the best way to deal with it is really continue to invest in the business is twofold. One is over the last several years, we've continued to invest in innovation and new technology to drive value in our products. And that has helped us extract more value in the negotiations and that certainly has helped the accelerated growth in the business.  Secondly, we've also been on path over the last few years of redeploying and being really critical about where we deploy resources in order to get the best return. So the combination of those things really is helping us manage wage inflation in that way.
Gary Mobley : Got it. Appreciate the color. And then I wanted to ask a specific question about the RPOs or backlog. If you can't give us the amount, can you give us at least a sense of whether you built on that record high you published at the end of the fiscal year. And to what degree has a longer average license duration factor? And I know you don't give that metric anymore, but are we are moving higher on that front as well?
Trac Pham : Backlog remained at $6.9 billion.
Gary Mobley : Got it. And average license duration, could you say it either ---
Trac Pham : In the normal range. In that normal range that we traditionally managed to, nothing unusual.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Thank you. Good evening. Aart, for you first. You've spoken often of course, about the intersection of hardware and software as a center of gravity of your business, which is perhaps another way of saying that semiconductor companies are becoming more like systems companies and systems companies are becoming more like semiconductor companies.  The question is with respect to the support implications for your business, that is to say the support you have to provide to customers given the growing complexity, the growth of the contracts and so forth. And perhaps you could just talk about that in general, how the profile of what you need to do on behalf of customers as evolving vis-à-vis your evolution of your contracts and the portfolio. For instance, over the last year we've seen that there's been a more than 140% increase in your openings for application engineers, even more than the increase in R&D openings over the last year. So perhaps tying to the earlier questions on hiring, what the AE environment looks like, specifically as a critical component of supporting your customers.  And then the second question for Trac. When we look at your segment results, if we strip out from the IP and Systems Integration segment, what we think your hardware business may have been, it looks like your annualized run-rate for IP in Q1 was well north of $1.5 billion as compared to the $1.1 billion-$1.2 billion coming out of Q4. Clearly a substantial increase in the ARR, so to say, of IP. And that looks like it was fairly well correlated to the increase in China in the quarter. So perhaps you could talk about those correlations within the IP business.
Aart de Geus : Okay. Jay, the question you asked will only take about half an hour. You touch pretty much on everything we have to do. Let me phrase it like this. A number of years ago, we put the silicon to software under our logo. It was aspirational at that time because it meant moving to where the center of gravity was moving. I am absolutely convinced that the center of gravity for everything that will impact smart everything, big data, automation in various ways is actually the intersection of those two.  And so let me first go downwards from the hardware. And there, clearly, one trend continues, still smaller, more sophisticated devices, that's technology evolution. The second trend that is complementing that is a multichip and -- or chiplets. And that is because at some point in time, you want 100 times more transistors, but that is technically not feasible. And so you split it up, and we'll see more of that.  And the third trend is that many of the chips become specialized architecture for just a limited set of tasks. And this is not new because with graphical processes already 20 years ago, they were essentially accelerators to manage pixels. Now of course, there's a lot of that goes in the AI direction or data management direction and so on.  So then we move to the other side of the equation, which is the software. And the software, of course has one ambition, which is do applications that add a lot of value at every domain you can think of, including many of the automation domains, the big data slash machine learning domains. And so the software needs to be matched to the hardware and the hardware needs to be matched to the software. And that is where this prototyping is effective from both perspectives and we're seeing rapid growth. And just like anything else, people wish the prototype would be another 10 times faster because then they could do 10 times more. And so I think that will continue for quite a while. Now in regards to the different support, you're absolutely correct that in the semiconductor area, there or the hardware down, it is more an evolution of what we've done for the last 35 years. And AI is very important because it's now taking on much more complex multi-step tasks. And so that's where we give a lot of support.  Whereas if you look upwards, there the system houses in the past, only a few really have invested substantially in chip design or electronic system design. And now because the software is so much closer to the realization, they are investing. But these are also the type of companies that if they can buy partially finished solutions like big IP blocks, that is where they start. And so increasingly look at our IP as reaching into that middle. And then the last comment is for each of the verticals, there are often additional needs. And automotive is a prime example of that because safety matters and security is a subcategory for safety in that case. Security, of course applies to many, many places.  So long story short, our opportunity is that we touch all of these players and become increasingly a catalyst between multiple players to make something successful. And therein lies a big opportunity for Synopsys.
Trac Pham : Hi, Jay. Let me take the second part of your question. So you're right, Q1 was a very strong quarter for IP in addition to the other products. But at a high level, the IP business is strong in all areas, all geographies and across a very diverse customer base.  And so tying that connection to China would be misleading. And in fact in China, we're doing very well across all of our product categories. We had very good growth in EDA software. Hardware we did well in addition to IP. So trying to make that connection at the top level of the results that I think would be -- would give you a misleading conclusion.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Thank you very much.
Trac Pham : You’re welcome. 
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino : Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe first one for Trac. The semi and design margins in the quarter were really impressive, 38%. That's the highest we've ever seen them. How much of that strength is just from the upfront nature of the IP and hardware strength?
Trac Pham : I'd characterize it more as the quarterization of the results, Jason. Because remember, when we talked to you in December, we described expenses as being relatively flat throughout the year, but the mix of revenue and the timing of revenues would skew margins to the front end. But overall, I think margins are doing very well. And we do expect that over a multiyear period, we'll continue to improve margins.
Jason Celino : Okay. Perfect. Interesting. And then, Aart, I thought it was interesting how you mentioned hyperscalers with your SIG business comments. I didn't think strengthen with the hyperscalers was levered at all to the SIG business. So my question is, do these hyperscalers typically purchase the EDA and the SIG products separately? Or do they have opportunities to bundle them together? Thanks.
Aart de Geus : In general, we sell these things relatively separately. There are often very different buyers in the company that are looking at that. And we have proactively kept it somewhat separate. It's a better business practice than negotiating everything to the lowest common denominator. And so -- but of course, these hyperscalers have absolutely big needs in security. And so we are collaborating well with them.
Jason Celino : Excellent. Thank you. 
Aart de Geus : You’re welcome. 
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Pradeep Ramani with UBS. Please go ahead.
Pradeep Ramani : Thanks for taking my questions. I had a couple. So your deferred revenue saw a big pop. I think what is driving that? Is that -- first of all, is it from a product standpoint broad-based or sort of concentrated amongst either IP or EDA or hardware? Sorry, IP or EDA?  And in terms of just geographical or customer concentration that sort of drove that delta if you could expand upon that, that would be helpful.
Trac Pham : I'm sorry, I'll start with the first question, Pradeep. The deferred is very broad-based across all product lines and the variability of deferred from one quarter to next really just reflects the timing of when we bill and invoice our customers.  I didn't hear clearly the second part of your question.
Pradeep Ramani : Yeah. It was more around whether any one customer or one geography sort of drove the upside or whether that was broad-based as well?
Trac Pham : The overall growth was really broad-based customers -- across customers globally.
Pradeep Ramani : Okay. And for my follow-up, I guess you're talking about DSO.ai and SLM. How would you characterize just in terms of what percent of your semiconductor and system design revenue they are at right now? And how should we think about sort of the growth path going forward for these two contributors? Yeah.
Aart de Geus : Yeah. We're in early stage. And typically, we don't disclose for individual products. But both of these areas have the potential to certainly grow faster than the rest of the company because they're in the early stage, but also because they bring a whole set of new values to the customer.  And back to an earlier question, I didn't mention that in both of those areas, we also hire more people in order to help our customers succeed and quickly get to the high value that these capabilities offer.
Pradeep Ramani : Thank you.
Aart de Geus : You’re welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from the line of Charles Shi with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Charles Shi : Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Maybe the first question is for Aart. You may be very well aware of the debate right now in semiconductors -- on semiconductor industry cycles, there is a debate about whether we're at the peak cycle or we are stronger for longer. Given your probably 40-year experience in this industry, can you kind of give us a sense how does the cycle -- what do you think about the current cycle? Is it the same as both the previous ones you've seen? Or is there something different? And how do you think the cycle affect the EDA industry and specifically to your business and in one way or another?
Aart de Geus : Okay. I'm very clear about this. I think that we are into a long-term great opportunity wave. Because the opportunity to change how the world operates with the combination of enormous amount of data combined with machine learning, ultimately, AI and automation has very, very big economic impact for every vertical.  And so while one could argue that for many decades, Moore's Law has sort of pushed technology forward and that always had new benefits. Now there is simultaneously a pool from end markets that all realize that hey, they could potentially shave some economics out of their operations by just understanding the data better or even find better solutions. And I think that is so profound that is as profound, I would say as computation 35 years or 30 years ago impacting the world. Now at the same time, we are all well aware that there are some shortage of certain -- actually a fairly limited set but crucial set of parts. And I'm hesitate to call that a cycle. There have been interruptions in the supply chains due to global politics. There have been COVID that stop people from ordering. There have been a lot of things and it's mostly older parts.  And so yes, there's some shortage there. There's some additional capacity being built in. Most of the capacity is being lined up for actually advanced nodes because of the earlier point I made all these new opportunities. And so there will be always a little bit of a cycle of supply and providers alignment. But in general, I think that we're in for a decade of great opportunities in semiconductors. By the way, I should add that includes us of course. Yeah, that was maybe the end of the key part of the question for Synopsys. Yeah, we're very much in the middle of that. And we love this term of being a catalyst because we interact with literally the deepest technology with the design, with the system, configuring the optimization there all the way into the software and the security. And so it puts us very much in a position to interact with all the players that have to interact well for success. And that's where a big part of our enthusiasm comes from.
Charles Shi : Thank you. Maybe a quick follow-up. Maybe a question for Trac. In terms of your full year guidance and your fiscal second quarter guidance, it does seem to imply there's a bit of a moderation of your revenue in the second half of the fiscal year. I have to think the time-based revenue has been quite linear, typical linear through the year, steadily growing and maintenance service, I don't expect any non-linear parity there. I was kind of wondering if you're sort of expecting a little bit of a moderation in upfront revenue there, either it's the hardware or the perpetual licenses or the IP contracts here going into the second half. Thank you.
Trac Pham : Charles, the quarterization profile is a function of when the customer -- when we expect the customers to pull down IP and hardware. So it's really those two items. Everything else, as you described, is quite linear. A little bumpy as well, but little bumpy as well, but generally, very linear. Yeah.
Charles Shi: Thank you. That’s all from me. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-12-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for Fourth Quarter of Fiscal Year 2021. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour, five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Terry. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys, and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets, and other forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement, and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. And with that, I will turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I’m happy to report that Synopsys delivered another record year, substantially exceeding our original goals. We grew revenue 14% to $4.2 billion, with double-digit growth in all product groups and geographies. We substantially expanded our non-GAAP operating margin, with more than 20% earnings growth, and generated record cash flow of $1.49 billion. In addition, disruptive innovation and collaborations accelerated our momentum, as a number of large customers significantly expanded their commitments with Synopsys, as visible in an outstanding orders year. As a result, we enter fiscal 2022 with momentum. Looking forward, we are raising our long-term financial objectives to strong double-digit revenue growth, anchored in a step-up in EDA and IP targets, ongoing non-GAAP operating margin expansion, and non-GAAP earnings per share growth in the mid-teens range, all of which are driving very strong cash flow. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. Underlying our elevated outlook is not only a vigorous market, but just as importantly a long-term growing demand for Smart Everything in every vertical segment. The inherent technical challenges powering this new era are well aligned with Synopsys’ strengths. Specifically, the Smart Everything era brings together massive amounts of data with the new wonders of machine learning software. Combined with a metaverse outlook of human-machine interaction, the role of chip-centric electronic systems has enormous potential. This requires highly complex semiconductor chips with massive compute capability, evolving semiconductors from system on a chip to tightly integrated systems off chips, and increased need for security and safety across software and hardware that is across the entire system. From an economic perspective, new entrants are already designing their own specialized chips. Traditional vertical market leaders are taking on a more active role in influencing chip and system architecture and design. At all levels, investments and urgency are increasing. To deliver on this promise, our customers are transforming the way they approach design. Whether it’s processor or mobile teams combining multiple compute, storage and connectivity chips together in 3DIC structures, or hyperscalers investing in their own chip architectures to increase their cloud differentiation, or automotive OEMs dictating specific safety protocols, or financial services companies inserting security testing into their development processes, all are driven by the urgency of the economic opportunity and the need for strong partners to master the complexity of the tasks. Synopsys connects with all of these and is uniquely equipped to help catalyze this new era. The center of gravity of the technical challenges is the intersection of hardware and software. A chip is only as good as its interaction with the software and vice versa. In other words, the system. This system focus has been at the core of Synopsys innovation for many years and is now fueling mounting customer and business momentum. Nowhere is systemic complexity more visible than in our IP business. The sophistication of our IP blocks requires reaching deep down into the understanding of the advanced Silicon nodes and also high up to the system architecture and software. IP is thus a bellwether of systems leadership as new architectures are increasingly jumpstarted by selecting the most important IP building blocks and their configuration. Benefiting from this, we achieved another record year in IP, with revenue surpassing $1 billion and growing approximately 20%. This momentum is maintained for two reasons: first, continued strong demand to outsource IP, as customers need their most skilled resources to focus on the differentiating aspects of their chips. Second, an increasing number of new entrants in segments such as automotive, high-performance compute, and AI, accelerate their schedule by whenever possible, selecting complex IP building blocks that are commercially available from a company they trust. As the number one provider of interface, foundation, and physical IP, Synopsys is in a unique position to provide complete solutions across multiple key segments. For example, we have the broadest IP portfolio for the fast-growing, high-performance compute and data center market, including PCI Express, HBM3, 400/800 gig Ethernet, and many memory interfaces. We also see continued strength in automotive, fueled by the electrification of cars, the push to autonomous driving, and the explicit demand for higher safety, security, and reliability. Our IP has been selected by approximately 50 automotive companies, with nearly 500 IP wins to date. In addition, Synopsys has always driven the leading edge, providing IP and of course EDA, on the most advanced process nodes. With the mobile and compute companies, we are deeply engaged at 3-nanometer and had over 250 design wins at 5-nanometer this year. Let me talk a bit about system verification. Under our Synopsys logo, our tagline states Silicon to Software. Our unique strength is to sit at the intersection of validating hardware and software or simply put verifying that the chips and the system do what was intended. Building on our market-leading VCS chip simulation solution, we were at the forefront of delivering software and hardware-based prototyping more than a decade ago. Since then, our offering has rapidly gained technical and market leadership. 2021 was a record hardware year with strength in both emulation and prototyping. Our solutions sit at the sweet spot of hardware-software co-verification and our emulators are the fastest machines with the highest capacity and the lowest cost of ownership. This year, we increased our differentiation. We introduced application-specific emulation products, ZeBu Empower and ZeBu EP1, that are significantly faster and higher-capacity than any competitive solution in the market. Meanwhile, our new HAPS-100 prototyping system now delivers 2X faster performance and 4X better debug, driving accelerated growth. During the year, we achieved multiple competitive wins and significantly broadened our customer base as we added more than 50 new logos and 200 repeat orders. Obviously, at the center of enabling the Smart Everything era sits the promise of AI, which begs the question, what about applying AI to chip design? Today, machine learning enables significant capabilities and runtime advances in all of our key products. About two years ago, we delivered a fundamental disruptive technology at a very different magnitude using AI to automate not just tools, but entire design flows. The outcome is remarkable. Our award-winning DSO.ai solution is getting great results on production designs with a rapidly growing number of customer-partners. DSO.ai, which stands for design space optimization using AI, does exactly what the name says. It explores many, many design options, learns from them using design and tool data, and finds design configurations that a human is unlikely to ever find. Moreover, since design variables such as performance, power, size, yield, reliability, and so on, all trade-off against each other, DSO.ai can optimize well beyond what a design team can easily fathom. Through this year, results got better and better. Run by our customers on real production designs, DSO.ai has reduced design times from months to weeks, with superior performance and power results. One notable example is Samsung, which relied on DSO.ai for multiple complex projects, the most recent being an advanced production design for a new mobile product. Applied at every stage of design implementation, DSO.ai delivered performance well beyond their speed target and substantially reduced power consumption, all while saving weeks of manual effort. Central to DSO.ai’s results are the powerful engines underneath it, our Fusion Design Platform. The platform is centered around our Fusion Compiler product, the only solution today to seamlessly integrate market-leading synthesis and place and route, cross-checked and optimized by timing, power and physical signoff, all in a single tool. Fusion Compiler’s full flow proliferation and competitive wins increased through the year, including major expansions and competitive displacements. Revenue more than doubled this year. Seminal to our sustainable differentiation is native integration of our golden signoff products. As recognized by multiple awards from our foundry partners, our deep collaborations ensure that our mutual customers have well-honed and trusted design flows at the most advanced technologies. In addition to a continued push for smaller geometries, the Smart Everything hunger for much more compute, storage and data management is so high, that the economics of physically abutting and stacking multiple chips or chiplets is driving a push towards so-called 3DIC design. This brings about many challenges, including architecting how to partition into multiple chiplets, making the connections between the chiplets blindingly fast, and predicting and dissipating the heat of so much computation. Synopsys is at the forefront of this emerging wave. In 2020, we introduced 3DIC Compiler, which offers a modern, differentiated approach to this complex design challenge. Our solution is being deployed in production on cutting-edge 3DIC designs in the industry. Another new area showing great promise is our Silicon Lifecycle Management platform, which monitors, analyzes, and optimizes chips throughout their lifespan. The adoption of key sensor IP accelerated during the year, with 25 new logos, and we recently added AI-powered real-time system optimization for in-field applications with the acquisition of ConcertIO. With the increase in systemic complexity to deliver Smart Everything, security and safety is a rapidly growing theme from chips to application software. About seven years ago, we invested in Software Integrity, to provide security and quality testing for the massive amounts of software in today’s world. Synopsys has since built the broadest portfolio of products and consulting services in the market. This year we were recognized for the fifth year in a row as a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for application security testing. Benefiting from the operational enhancements we’ve made, our Software Integrity business achieved 10% growth for the full-year, with particularly strong orders flow, exceeding our original expectations. We expect to return to our 15% to 20% revenue growth objective in 2022. During the year, our focus has been to scale our go-to-market strategy and execution. We launched a new partner program this year, adding dozens of channel partners and systems integrators. They are already expanding our reach into customer groups and geographies that we hadn’t reached in the past. We successfully refined our sales structure and tuned our market priorities. One proof point is the substantial growth of multi-year, multi-million-dollar agreements. This notably includes our largest-ever Software Integrity order with a U.S. hyperscaler, as well as significant renewals in the networking, airline and enterprise software segments. We also made considerable progress with our Polaris Software Integrity Platform. We delivered Intelligent Orchestration, which automates security testing within a company’s specific protocols. This makes it easier and more efficient to integrate directly into their development pipeline. We enhanced our Black Duck software composition analysis solution, which positions us very well for software supply-chain risk cases. Finally, the addition of risk management products that automate and accelerate discovery and remediation of software vulnerabilities through Code Dx rounds out our solution well beyond what competitors provide. In summary, we delivered excellent results in 2021 substantially greater than our original plan, with strength in all product groups and all geographies. We are entering 2022 with strong technical and market momentum. We are seeing significantly expanded customer commitments and collaborations, as our wave of innovations will be crucial to help catalyze the era of Smart Everything. And as a result, we are raising our long-term financial objectives. Let me say thank you to our entire Synopsys staff for another great year. I’m looking forward to an exciting journey into our next phase of growth. Finally, I’m sure you all saw our other news earlier today that our CFO, Trac Pham, has decided to retire in fiscal 2022. Trac has been a wonderful partner and excellent leader, and while we understand and support his desire to prioritize time with his family, we will miss him. He will of course remain a good friend to the company and to all of us personally. Trac will stay with Synopsys until a successor is in place to ensure a seamless transition. Trac, to you and your family, we wish the very best. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. While I’m looking forward to retirement, I will certainly miss the Synopsys team and also the relationships I have developed over the years with investors and analysts. Synopsys is in a great position, so this is a good time for me to step away from a long, fulfilling career to prioritize time with my family. I’m confident in our leadership team, and that we’ll manage the transition well. I’ll be here for a while still, and I look forward to talking to many of you. Turning to our results, FY2021 was an excellent year and featured record results in all key metrics, including revenue, non-GAAP earnings, and operating cash flow. Looking to FY2022 and beyond, we are seeing a step-up in revenue growth, due to the following: first, strong execution and compelling new innovations; second, expanding customer commitments; and third, the new market era and opportunity that Aart referred to earlier. Additionally, because of the essential nature of our customers’ R&D priorities and our business model, which results in nearly 90% recurring revenue and significant non-cancelable backlog, we are in the position to have a high level of stability as well. Ending backlog for Q4 was $6.9 billion. These dynamics give us the confidence to raise our long-term financial objectives, which I’ll describe in greater detail momentarily. First, some highlights of our full-year 2021 results. We generated total revenue of $4.2 billion, up 14% from the prior year, with double-digit growth across all products and geographies. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $3.5 billion, and total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $2.9 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 30.5%. GAAP earnings per share were $4.81, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $6.84, up 23% over the prior year. Semiconductor and System Design segment revenue was $3.8 billion, driven by broad-based strength across all product groups and geographies. Software Integrity segment revenue was $394 million, up 10% over the prior year, and exceeded our original plan. We expect to return to our 15% to 20% growth objective in 2022. In addition, following the investments and operational adjustments we made this past year, we expect to expand adjusted operating margin in 2022. Turning to cash, operating cash flow for the year was a record $1.49 billion, reflecting our strong results and robust collections. We ended the year with cash and short-term investments of $1.58 billion, and total debt of $100 million. During the year, we completed buybacks of $788 million, or 56% of free cash flow. Now to our targets. Based on our current assessment of the timing of hardware and IP deliveries, we expect Q1 to be our highest revenue quarter then roughly evenly split for the balance of the year. We expect an expense profile similar to that of revenue for Q2 through Q4. For fiscal year 2022, the full-year targets are: revenue of $4.725 billion to $4.775 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $3.778 billion and $3.835 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.225 billion and $3.255 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin improvement of more than 100 basis points; non-GAAP tax rate of 18%; GAAP earnings of $5.39 to $5.65 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $7.73 to $7.80 per share, representing mid-teens growth despite a higher tax rate; cash flow from operations of $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion. I would like to offer some additional thoughts regarding the long-term tax rate assumption. Based on preliminary modeling, we believe the non-GAAP tax rate of 18% is potentially sustainable beyond 2022. However, given the uncertain outcome of tax reform, it is premature for us to confirm a longer-term tax rate at this time. Now to the targets for the first quarter. Revenue of $1.25 billion and $1.28 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $934 million and $964 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $802 million and $812 million; GAAP earnings of $1.75 to $1.92 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $2.35 to $2.40 per share. Our press release and financial supplement include additional targets and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. Finally, we are raising our long-term financial objectives, all of which are on a multi-year basis, with the expectation that particular years will vary depending on the timing of deliverables and other commitments. Our goal is to deliver annual double-digit revenue growth and non-GAAP EPS growth in the mid-teens range, reflecting our continued focus on non-GAAP operating margin expansion of more than 100 basis points per year. In terms of product groups, our objective is to grow EDA revenue in the double digits, IP in the mid-teens, and Software Integrity between 15% to 20%. In summary, our record results this year are a testament to our strong execution, to our focus on investing for long-term scalability and shareholder value, and to our commitment and ability to innovate to meet growing customer needs. This combination is driving a step-up to a new level of growth for us, and our raised long-term financial objectives reflect confidence in our ability to succeed. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: All right. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Gal Munda. Please go ahead.
Gal Munda: Hello. Hi, and thank you for taking my questions. The first one is just for you Aart. When you look at the new long-term guidance that you're materially kind of upgrading, and I was wondering if you can help us understand in comparison to the previous guidance that you had out there, what is making you confident to make those changes in terms of the long-term trends that you were talking about between the demands of the leading edge customers versus kind of the systems, and maybe specifically on a trends that you're talking about the electrification and hyperscalers demand, and which one stands out for you as the biggest changes and what you expected previously? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Amazing. I'm still learning. Sorry about that. Thank you. The question is very broad. And let me start from the inside to the outside. On the inside, we have a high degree of confidence because many of the investments that we've put in place over a number of years are really coming together well because the vision of where our field was heading towards is actually moving along. And so, this notion of transforming the world towards smart capabilities in every vertical market requires a whole set of technologies that we've been investing in. And so be it in the area of design implementation, including the AI capabilities, be it in the verification validation of entire systems, including the intersection of hardware and software but also in the deep investments and advanced technologies in the overarching investments in quality of software and security, all of these trends are really manifesting themselves very actively. And we see it manifests itself in many collaborations and increased commitments of customers to us has also witnessed in a strong backlog. And so right there that gives us a sense for the coming year. From the outside, it is very clearly visible that the semiconductor industry itself is doing well not only because visible through some shortages that maybe painful, but illustrate how important semiconductors are. But because so many companies, including the ones you mentioned, hyperscalers, automotive companies, industrial companies, are all starting to invest and be it either architectures that contemplate the semiconductors or semiconductor development themselves. And so, it is time where the alignment between our capabilities and the need of the market are very active.
Trac Pham: Gal, can I also add to that. Operationally, in over the last few years, as we've increased operating margins by over 800 basis points, we have also been very active in investing in the business across all areas. And what you're seeing this year and certainly the overachievement really is a reflection of the momentum that we're seeing in the business, and that's what's giving us a lot of confidence operationally. And while we're raising our long-term growth objectives, we are simultaneously committing to driving margin expansion as well. So we really do believe there is going to be significant opportunities to create value over the long-term.
Gal Munda: Awesome. And maybe just carrying on from that comment on the margin, if I kind of look at margins for the last few years, you are being very, very close to 50% incremental margins going forward to kind of more towards the low-40s implied. Does that imply potentially a bit of conservatism or is it just continued reinvestment in the business in order to achieve that growth that you are basically now guiding for?
Trac Pham: Yes. I would characterize it more as not providing a cap on margins. We do see opportunities for us to expand margins over time. And with this long-term financial model, we're giving you the more clarity and specific details about how we're going to deliver mid-teens earnings growth over time. There's no change in terms of how we're approaching margins, we will continue to drive it very actively.
Operator: Thank you. And now to Ashley McEvoy from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Ashley McEvoy: Hi. This is Ashley McEvoy on for Gary Mobley. In terms of that $6.9 billion of ending backlog for Q4 metric that you guys called out, is there anything else you – any additional color you can give as far as the average license duration or any other color on that backlog metric in terms of mix?
Trac Pham: Sure. The $6.9 billion, I would characterize it as twofold. One is really strong business momentum and very good growth in annual run rates for the business that we renewed this year. In addition, we also saw several large customers expand their commitments to us, and it's just really a reflection of their confidence in our product and the technology that we're delivering. So very good – I think very good confidence in terms of establishing the growth rates for the next several years.
Ashley McEvoy: Thank you.
Trac Pham: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And now to Joe Vruwink from Baird. Please go ahead.
Joseph Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. Maybe I'll just pick up on the last point with these renewals that are obviously seeing quite a bit of upsizing on renewal. What are customers typically engaging you on as they engage with you on the direction they want to take in product development? What are the key themes? And I guess, how are they investing specifically in your product portfolio?
Aart de Geus: Well, it's actually quite broad because as an earlier question related to the people that in the past were not necessarily big customers, such as hyperscalers and automotive, these are people that fundamentally think down from the system, meaning they have big objectives to run big complex software, and now they need more compute, more capacity, better throughput, and all that. And all of that spells the same thing, which is advanced chips or combination of chips. And so they intersect with us mostly in two areas. One is how can you predict how fast the system will run by actually running software on emulators or prototypes. And secondly, how can you actually make the actual chips then even faster by really implementing the latest state-of-the-art technology and optimizing your architecture for just the tasks that they want to do. And this is where the use of AI to the design flow becomes particularly interesting because very often people start with chips that they already have and then they move to a new node – technology node. And simultaneously, they say, oh, let me optimize for a specific set of tasks. And that optimization can largely be automated with our tools. And so you see an acceleration everywhere, and acceleration has always been the name of the game in our field. And I would say those are sort of the two biggest drivers of our business.
Joseph Vruwink: And then since you brought up the verification hardware, I appreciate kind of the timing dynamic within guidance here in 1Q. I would imagine this investment cycle for the new generation of hardware, that's not going to be a one quarter phenomenon. The fact that kind of the guidance as it stands today just implies, similar revenue 2Q through 4Q. What sort of delivery assumptions? Is there any maybe a bit of hedging on perhaps the ability to procure what you need to actually deliver the finished equipment and could that potentially be a driver of upside as we get into the back half of the year?
Aart de Geus: I’ll let Trac answer the financial side of your question. I think in general, our business is fairly regular, the exception of that being lumpiness in hardware as you highlighted, but also sometimes in IP. And so these things come in clumps and whereas right now, we're not looking at any major delivery issues, we are obviously very sensitive to all the supply chains and we continue to check those as well. And so you can call it caution at this point in time where we're planning on the basis of the numbers that we already have in hand. Trac, do you want to add to that?
Trac Pham: Certainly. Hey, Joe. Two things I will add. One is we had visibility to the profile of hardware and IP, and just given the timing of deliveries. And this is just really the first time for us to give you specific guidance on that. And it just happens to be – we've been seeing the momentum for IP and hardware build up as well as the rest of the business build up. And Q1 reflects the time of when they're actually pulling down the IP and when they want their hardware deliveries. To your broader question, I would just say that the results in 2021 and the outlook that we have for 2022 really reflects a strong momentum in both hardware and IP. We had record revenues for hardware in 2021. And keep in mind that is compared to a year in 2020, where it was pretty significantly backend loaded. And so for us to grow on top of that is pretty significant. And then IP, as Aart mentioned earlier, it’s a $1 billion business growing at 20%. So it's really showing really good momentum.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And now to Jackson Ader from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader: Great. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. And Trac, I don't know if anybody has offered congratulations yet from our side. So yes, congratulations on your retirement. You'll be missed, but at least you're sticking around for a little while.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Jackson.
Jackson Ader: I am actually going to do my best Jay Vleeschhouwer impersonation here with a multi-part question. So on the – the double-digit growth in EDA, I'm just curious what EDA market growth is assumed in that double-digit and are you planning on taking share? And second, what particular facets of the core EDA, whether you want to break it out of front end versus back end or fusion or hardware, software, however you want to break it out, like what facets of core EDA do you expect to maybe outgrow others? Thanks.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well let's start with the overall question. It's hard to predict how well others will do, and in many ways, we do well when the entire industry does well. But we do have certainly a position where many of our technologies are extremely competitive at this point in time. And it is a point in time where a number of customers are looking to line up with suppliers that they trust over a longer haul because they clearly see that the advances that are happening right now and coming demand a lot of technology and a lot of support. Now you mentioned fusion, and I'm glad you did because as you well know, this is an area that we have invested in for many, many years with the concept being that instead of running succession of independent tools, having multiple tools essentially collaborate, if I can use that term to get to a better result was the essence of fusion, and fusion is working very well. And as we mentioned in the preamble, growing very well. But it's doubly meaningful because a fusion is also a key ingredient in now layering on top of that, this notion of artificially driving autonomous design flows. And the fact that we can access many, many different technologies inside a fusion to have an AI algorithm learn and get better results as been just astoundingly exciting to see. And in many ways to me feels like literally the early days of Synopsys, where at that time, synthesis was almost like a miracle. Well, it was not a miracle, it was a lot of hard work, but it was capabilities the computer had that exceeded what a human can do. And we see exactly the same here. So I expect that this will be an area that brings many of the things that we have together to drive things forward. Now not to repeat too much what I said earlier. The other half of that equation is what are the chips for. And the chips are fundamentally for executing task given by a system that runs software. And so the desire to make that software run faster is unstoppable. Well, one way to do that is to say, well, what if we designed the system, the hardware system just for certain types of software. And that is what is everybody is doing right now. They're essentially creating new architectures for specific applications that then can run blindingly fast. And so the intersection between the application and the hardware is therefore a place where one need to be able to predict how good the results will be. And that is what all these effort have been in the prototyping, the emulation and so on. Now, the third area I want to mention, and I understand it's slightly adjacent to EDA. Although I would look at it as EDA surrounded is IP. And one of the great accelerators in the history of design has been to have more and more accomplished IP blocks that have enormous functionality in the most advanced silicon technologies, which are difficult to build. And so the combination of those things is what gives us a sense that for the coming years, we're in a very strong position. And by the way, we are applying that same AI that I mentioned before also to IP block. So there's an integration of the whole solutions space.
Operator: Thank you. And now to the line of Jason Celino of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. And Trac, looking forward to working with you for maybe a couple more quarters. To my first question, this is more a clarification because double-digits can mean a lot of things. But just calculating it out here, if EDA is growing at least double-digits IP in the mid-teens, and at least mid-teens SIG growth this implies really low double-digit kind of growth framework. Is that a fair assessment?
Trac Pham: It depends on how you're looking at IP, Jason. Just keep in mind that the – in our supplement, the IP systems line includes other businesses as well. But overall the segments – I think the segments you're spot on with regards to segment growth.
Jason Celino: Okay, perfect. And then maybe just a clarification on Joe's earlier question on Q1. Q1 is typically the lowest revenue quarter on an absolute basis for EDA across a lot of industries and software. As it relates to the hardware deliveries and the IP deliveries concentrated in this quarter, is it these customers pushing out or maybe possibly pulling forward some of their deliveries? Thank you.
Trac Pham: Yes. Certainly, there weren't really anything unusual about it either from our ability to fulfill or the customer pushing or pulling it in. It's really just the timing of how things match up. And from seasonality perspective, we typically don't see much seasonality. Over the last couple years, Q4 and the back half has been – the business has been more backend loaded, particularly in Q4. This year other than the unusually strong Q1, the first half, second half profile is pretty even, it's like a 51-49 split in line with what we've seen in the past in terms of the balance. So other than the Q1, which is a reflection of normal standard timing of demand, it's actually a pretty good profile for the year. I think it's certainly a better risk profile than we've seen in the last couple of years.
Operator: Thank you. And now to Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Aart, with respect to the end track with respect to the enlarged growth expectations, you referred to a number of the internal investments that you've made over the last number of years that have gotten you to this point. The question is how are you thinking incrementally about investment priorities or initiatives, for example, when we look at some of the things you appear to have been investing in, there's been a substantial increase in your AE investments and supported your customer's deployment requirements. New SIG software consulting seems to be increasing. And at the purely technical level, you appear to have an increase in substantially in areas like synthesis and custom. So perhaps you can comment on those or any other priorities that you feel that you need to invest incrementally to sustain the growth that you are speaking of or expecting for the next number of years?
Aart de Geus: Well, excellent question. And your question had some of the answers in it. You mentioned essentially support and consulting, and I would put those together, which is that no matter what’s the business – or how do business grows, some of that grows with it. But on top of that, there's an additional benefit of using our consulting, which is that we bring skills that a number of our customers have a difficulty getting themselves or growing themselves. And if these skills can be used to actually help them reduce their time delay until the chips are done, that is of extremely high value. So that will continue. You mentioned synthesis and custom, and of course, synthesis was our very first product. So after 34 years, we're still investing in that because they're still upside, except that synthesize is now more and more called the super AI, right. That's the new version of this. Custom is an area that we have invested in for quite a while, and actually has done well this year and continues to grow in an excellent fashion, so good area. There is two that you didn't mention. One is 3DIC, which is the ability to bring together very, very tightly, extremely complex chips. And that will grow as the hunger for more transistors will be unavailable.  And lastly, SLM, Silicon Lifecycle Management. This is a new area for us. We have invested in it both organically and through some acquisitions. And it's particularly interesting because the notion of putting inside of chips the sensors that then can essentially diagnose if the chip is still healthy, grows an importance as systems become more complex and as systems go into applications, that could be human endangering such as a autonomous driving car, for example. And so this is an area that's finding a lot of interest where we are making very rapid advances and with the sensors that we put inside of the chips, we've also put some AI inside of the chip and some AI outside so that one can learn from chips over their lifecycle. So this will take a little bit of time until it's really embedded in broad adoption, but it is extremely powerful capability that we're very excited about.
Trac Pham: Hey, Jay. Another way that you might look at the investments are, we are doing really well across the board. We're not looking at areas of the business that is problematic that requires lots of investments. So we're in a situation over the next few years, we're able to thoughtfully and very targetedly across the broad portfolio – and you're going to see continued improvements across all of the business as a result of that.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And now to line of Vivek Arya from the Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. And congratulations and best wishes to Trac from my side as well. For my first question, you mentioned acceleration of trends, but when you look at the outlook for EDA growth of double-digits, it's about the same as what you did last year. So my question is why shouldn't EDA also accelerate? And if that's going to stay at the 10%, then more incremental growth comes from IP and SIG. Are they more or less predictable segments than your EDA business? So yes, the overall business is accelerating, but is the growth coming from perhaps less predictable segments?
Trac Pham: Well, let me start with the numbers and then Aart can provide some color on the context. Vivek, just for a broader view of it, historically, we've talked about EDA growth in high single-digits. And that actually was an increase in our model from several years ago when we described it as a medium – mid to high single-digit growth business for us. When we describe it as double digits, we really do see it as a multiyear, not just one-year effort, but we do see it as a multiyear opportunity to grow the double-digit. So that's a pretty substantial and substantive increase for us to describe that growing from high single-digit to double-digit over an extended period of time. And really it reflects the confidence in the portfolio, the various pieces of the portfolio that contributes to EDA growth.
Aart de Geus: Yes. I would second that. I think it is a gradual increase of the importance of what we do, but also of the breadth of the capabilities that we offer. And so we do see this as a multiyear opportunity, and I'm certainly on record. Having said many times that the moments that AI starts would have impact in verticals, the hunger from the vertical down for more silicon will be unstoppable. And so from that perspective, we are at the right place at the right time with a lot of the very capabilities that will help our customers differentiate themselves. So our expectations are high. We know that delivering is always hard work. But as Trac said, our overall direction has continued to improve over the last years in terms of the guidance we're giving you.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And so my follow-up, we have seen ASP expansion, price appreciation in other parts of the semiconductor market. So foundries are raising prices across the board for example. I'm curious, is that a positive or negative or neutral for your business? So first are you also able to raise prices, right? Or the other extreme is, if let's say, your customers are having to pay higher prices for more advanced nodes. Does it make them more careful about the adoption of more advanced nodes across their product base? I'm just curious to get your perspective that what does cost inflation of the other parts of the semiconductor ecosystem does to your pricing and growth opportunity, if any?
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, for sure, I believe that as the semiconductor industry is doing better and better, we certainly are close to them, and that is a positive for us. When you say, well, some of the new technologies become more expensive, that is true, they also deliver a lot more capabilities and because they're more expensive, you need to be really careful how you design with these. And this is exactly where I think our role increase is an important doesn't decrease. And so while we have multi-year contracts with our customers, that is certainly an opportunity to gradually feather up as we deliver more value to this entire industry. That in itself is so seminal in what all the verticals we'll be able to do over the years to come. So I see it as a positive. I know that some of the point increases in pricing are just have to do with shortages. These will go over way over time. That's not what builds value. What builds value is that semiconductors are clearly and visibly, so more important to the future that they were perceived in the path, and that is a good thing.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And now to Pradeep Ramani from UBS. Please go ahead.
Pradeep Ramani: Hi. Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the guide. I had two questions. So the first one was on the magnitude of shift or the timing impact, if you would call it on IP and hardware. I mean, how much did it shift from what would've been a normalized view of the quarter? And then as a follow-up, I guess when I look at such a big pop in the backlog, would you – and then superimpose it against your commentary, I mean, it feels like that the year is going to be very strong, but would you characterize the backlog as being potentially higher or lower at the end of 2022? I mean, how should we think about the trajectory of the backlog during the course of the year as well?
Trac Pham: Okay. Let me start with your first question. Pradeep, there really was no shift in IP or hardware. And keep in mind that this is the third year that we're operating under the new 606 rules for revenue. And IP gets recognized as revenue when our customers draw down that IP from our website. The timing of IP and hardware really reflects when they want those shipments and when they want that IP. And that hasn't shifted from one quarter to another, that just happens to be what it matches up their development schedules. And so there's really no normalized profile of that. And that's why we often refer to it as being very lumpy. With regards to backlog, the $6.9 billion of backlog, we don't guide on what the projections are going forward. But as we said that quarter-to-quarter, it will vary. In Q4, we saw strong growth in run rate on the deals that we booked. And we also saw significant – several large significant renewals. The duration during the quarter was a little bit longer than three years. But overall – our overall model is about three years. The $6.9 billion just reflects a convergence of strong bookings and then several large renewals.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And now to Charles Shi from Needham. Please go ahead.
Charles Shi: Hi. Good afternoon, Aart, and Trac, and Lisa, and thank you for taking my question. I really want to go back to the backlog and the renewable contract duration. I noticed you did take down the number, I mean, the year of average contract length up around your supplement. But you just said that the duration seems to be a little bit longer than three years. Obvious, I understand maybe a few large – very large contracts could skew that number. However, I want to ask you, because since you mentioned your customers are expanding commitment with you which partly resulted in the high backlog number. I wonder, is that like a long-term trend that the contract duration is going to be north of three years going forward? Or this is just maybe a one quarter phenomenon and they will maybe go back to somewhere between two to three years?
Trac Pham: Yes. Let me start with – our business continues to be a three-year duration-type business and that hasn't changed. On any given quarter might run a little lower or higher depending on what the specific customer requirements are. But as we've seen, if you look at our history, it tends to trend around that three-year range. With regards to the expanded commitment, it is dollar size, it is the breadth of the products that they are purchasing. And in this case in Q4, some of these deals that linked with the deal, but they are – that's not typically the norm and we don't necessarily see our business growing in terms of duration.
Charles Shi: Thank you. So maybe the next question, I want to ask a little bit of longer-term. In terms of EDA and with regard to DSO.ai, what you guys mentioned that DSO.ai can deliver results faster than human beings. And I try to understand EDA, you guys said it largely tracks the industry R&D spend, but if you say the use of AI can get results faster than human beings, I could imagine maybe you can go ask your customers, hey, my product can really do things faster than human beings, maybe to fix R&D budget, you should allocate more to EDA tools, maybe that will change the trajectory of EDA growth, maybe the higher percentage can go – R&D expense can go into EDA. Is that the right way to think about, I mean, in terms of the impact of a DSO.ai going a little bit longer term? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Oh, it's absolutely a good way to think about it because for every major advance, we will make exactly the argument that you make, which is, use our tools, you will be better off. At the same time, many of our customers say, yes, that's great because now I'm going to use the engineering time that I save to become even more competitive against my competition. And this is a normal phenomenon in our field, which is a constant acceleration of how quick the race is run. And these accelerations invariably happen when there are great opportunities. And so we saw that definitely in the early days of computation in the networking, the mobility wave, the race was on for faster chip, lower power chips. And now I think the race is absolutely on for share of computation, share of AI and so on. And so our customers see a very positive future, but they understand perfectly well that their competitors see it too and therefore, the race is on again. Be it as it may the fact that we have sometimes discontinuous advances, these are great opportunity moments from a competitive point of view for us, for a differentiation point of view for our customers. And so we will absolutely try to do as much as possible what you suggest. And this is one of the reasons why we have a positive confidence also in the coming not just year, but years.
Operator: All right. Thank you, and that does conclude our portion of the Q&A with the time. Would you like to have any closing remarks?
Aart de Geus: Sure. First, I would like to thank all of you for having supported and interacting with us during this past year. The interaction of course is very COVID limited. But at the same time, we hope that you had all the information that you needed from us and the access. Secondly, we also thank you because this was a very strong year for us and we all know that at a time like this, this is important and our outlook is solid as well. And lastly, I hope for all of you that you remain healthy with your families and your friends. We all know that this story is unfortunately not over yet, and so we'll do our best to deliver against your expectations. Be well.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event Conference.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-08-18 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2021. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last 1 hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.  
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Eric. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Speaking today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of the conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. 
 In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. 
 In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplements and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to Aart de Geus. 
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. Synopsys continues to execute very well, delivering record revenue and non-GAAP earnings in the third quarter. Revenue was $1.057 billion with GAAP earnings per share of $1.27 and non-GAAP earnings of $1.81. We again made excellent progress on our margin expansion goals and generated $422 million of operating cash flow. 
 Thanks to the hard work of our entire Synopsys team, on a TTM basis, we have surpassed the major milestone we set our sights on a few years ago, $4 billion in revenue and 30% operating margin. Reflecting our strong year-to-date results, the vibrant markets we serve and technology innovations driving customer momentum in all product groups and all geographies, we are raising fiscal 2021 revenue, non-GAAP ops margin, earnings and cash flow targets. 
 We are well on the way towards our next goal of crossing $5 billion in revenue by 2023, raising our long-term revenue objective to double-digit growth with continued margin expansion. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. 
 Meanwhile, the market is not only strong, it is transforming in a way that is very positive for Synopsys. Both consumer and business demand for Smart Everything continue to intensify and grow. Smart devices intersect many skills and technologies. Massive amounts of data to be stored, transmitted and processed, sophisticated machine learning and application software specific to each market segment. In this megatrend, semiconductors are absolutely critical. This means not just more chips, but more advanced chips, lower power chips and chips that can be above it or stacked for tight implementations. In addition, security and safety are rapidly becoming must-haves, integrating more and more system requirements. 
 To make Smart Everything possible, companies need more automation while transforming the way they approach the development of their systems. New entrants such as large hyperscalers increasingly design their own specialized chips and our business with them is growing rapidly. Other systems companies, such as automotive, increasingly exert heavy influence on their suppliers by specifying key elements of chip performance as well as functional safety and security. 
 Synopsys is a crucial enabler and the broad economic pool is now augmented -- augmenting the traditional Moore's Law push, thus driving more opportunity for us. Synopsys is ideally suited to capitalize on these tailwinds. Over the past 5 years plus, we've invested heavily in breakthrough innovations that are now driving excellent customer results and with it, accelerated business growth. Let me highlight 3 areas: AI and autonomous design, silicon IP and security. 
 Let's start with AI. Designing today's most advanced chips with the additional vertical market requirements is among the most difficult engineering tasks, period. As schedule pressured designers reach the practical limits of human design efforts, we must use the power of AI to automate not just design tasks but entire segments of the design flow. This is exactly what Synopsys pioneered 1.5 years ago. AI-driven autonomous design.  
 Sitting on top of our Fusion Design Platform, we have built an AI design solution that automatically explores, implements and optimizes multi-month design efforts in a matter of weeks. Called DSO.ai which stands for design space optimization using AI, the system has been used by customers on real chips going through production tape-outs and seeing silicon back from manufacturing. DSO.ai is breakthrough technology. The results are great. Through this, we've already achieved important customer renewals. Not only does it literally reduce design times from months to weeks, it improves performance, power and area substantially beyond what teams of expert achieve on their own. 
 In addition to early industry recognition, as it won a 2020 World Electronics Achievement award for Innovative Product of the Year, customer engagements have been exceptional with early endorsements by Samsung and Renesas. In addition, this quarter, a large Asia Pacific provider of advanced chips achieved with 1 engineer in 1 month, what previously required several experts over 3 months of manual work. One high-profile U.S. customer using DSO.ai attained better quality of results through a remarkable 20% reduction in power consumption. Next Monday, our keynote, the Hot Chips conference reporting on further great DSO advances and another exciting customer success. 
 The impact of this AI brain is greatly leveraged by the powerful system that it sits on top of, our Fusion Design Platform. We pioneered the Fusion concept several years ago by literally fusing together critical segments of the design flow into a single platform. The outcome, best-in-class results in terms of chip speed, power and area. Today, Fusion Compiler is the only solution available that seamlessly integrates market-leading synthesis, place and route with timing, power and physical sign-off all into a single tool. It's the fastest ramping new design solution in Synopsys history already surpassing 500 tape-outs across multiple verticals, including AI, 5G and high-performance compute for process nodes from 40-nanometer down to 3 nanometer. 
 Notably, our leading foundry partners are already actively leveraging Fusion Compiler towards 2-nanometer enablement. Our Fusion Design Platform is relied on by the world's largest influential and hard-driving companies. Production successes include advanced tapeout by Samsung Foundry for its next-generation chip in 3-nanometer gate all around technology.  
 In parallel to autonomous design, another way to reduce risk and speed time to market for complex chips is by using a ready-made IP. Our broad market-leading IP portfolio is delivering excellent double-digit growth towards what will be another outstanding year. Demand is very strong, with customers substantially expanding their reliance on us and renewing multiyear commitments faster than ever before. High-performance compute, automotive and mobile markets are especially strong, wanting both more and more advanced IP. 
 Let me highlight 3 areas. First, with growth in cloud data, we're seeing high demand for faster, high-performance interfaces, such as DDR5, PCI Express 5.0 and 6.0 and 800-gig Ethernet. We saw great momentum this quarter with multiple customers selecting our first to market next-generation PCI Express 6.0 IP for advanced high-performance compute chips. This is a testament to the success of our PCI Express 5.0 IP, which has nearly 200 design wins this quarter, we also saw immediate traction for our 400, 800 gig Ethernet IP solution through multiple design wins that include our 112 gig SerDes. 
 Second, the number of highly advanced chip designs across cloud, AI and 5G application has been growing rapidly. Our large and experienced R&D team remains at the forefront of delivering highly differentiated IP at the cutting edge of technology. In 5-nanometer, we've secured nearly 400 design-ins across 33 customers. And this quarter, a significant driver of our physical IP business came from 5, 4 and 3 nanometer. 
 Lastly, we're also seeing our customers integrating more security capabilities into their chips. This is driving excellent momentum with our security IP portfolio, including strong demand for IDE IP to secure PCI Express and CXL interfaces, which is a natural segue to software integrity. We're doing well with increasing momentum following the significant execution and operational improvements we've made. In fact, Q3 was our highest order quarter ever, and we expect to eclipse our original revenue goal for the year. As massive ongoing security threats to business safety and health become almost commonplace, companies are rethinking their protection strategies. It's no longer effective to pick and choose point tools with partial capabilities. 
 Protection now requires a holistic strategic approach. Synopsys is at the forefront of this evolution with the industry's only portfolio that features the broadest set of application testing solutions, strategic consulting to assist executives and Boards in charging their software security plan and an innovative offering that elevates the impact of the Polaris platform. With the recent introduction of intelligent orchestration, our Polaris platform can seamlessly integrate and automate security testing within each company's protocol. 
 We took another significant step in Q3 with the acquisition of Code Dx. They are the leading provider of application security risk management products that automate and accelerate the discovery, prioritization and remediation of software vulnerabilities. This combination elevates our capabilities beyond what competitors can provide, a comprehensive, easy-to-adopt holistic solution. 
 On the go-to-market side, we see very good progress from the enhancements we've made. Our services business, again, did better than planned with over 20 new logo wins in North America alone. Our win and renewal rates continue to improve, and we're encouraged by the progress we've made. 
 Industry analysts continue to recognize the strength of our strategy and portfolio. For the fifth year in a row, Synopsys was named the leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Application Security Testing. And today, we were again recognized as a leader in the Forrester Wave for software composition analysis. 
 So far, I've highlighted 3 major areas: AI, IP and security. Let me point out a couple of other innovations that enable this new era. One of Synopsys' strength is focused on the intersection of hardware and software, which is inherently crucial in Smart Everything. Our hardware-based verification systems continue to generate very strong business with year-to-date 36 new logos and about 150 repeat orders. In addition, with innovation spanning both emulation FPGA-based prototyping, we're off to a solid start to a multiyear product upgrade cycle. 
 Over the last 2 quarters, we introduced new application-specific emulation products. The ZeBu empower system enables early power analysis to reduce power-related risks. And the ZeBu EP1 is the first of its kind high-performance compute for mobile, GPU, CPU and AI design. Both are substantially faster with higher capacity than any competitive solution in the market today. And we're already seeing strong demand and deployments at large influential customers around the world. 
 Q3 was our largest orders quarter ever for our HAPS prototyping product line, fueled by the new HAPS-100. With highest performance and unmatched enterprise scalability, we closed multiple competitive wins in the quarter. With the momentum in both emulation and prototyping, we expect another record revenue year, extending our market and technology leadership. With increasing chip and system complexity, growing reliability requirements are now demanding ongoing post-silicon analysis, maintenance and optimization. 
 Our new silicon life cycle management platform leverages our leadership in both EDA and IP as it monitors, analyzes and optimizes chips from design to manufacturing to infield adjustments. This innovative approach opens up a substantial new TAM for us with business ramping ahead of expectations. Even at this early stage, we achieved 2 large expanded renewals this quarter. 
 In summary, Q3 results were excellent, and we are raising our full year objectives substantially. Vibrant markets, compelling innovations and strong execution position us to continue to increase shareholder and value going forward. While we will provide specific long-term objectives next quarter, we aim to cross $5 billion in revenue by 2023. We are raising our annual revenue growth objectives to double digits with continued margin expansion. These results are not possible without our global team. Through the pandemic, they have demonstrated commitment, resilience and compassion for others while executing very well. Lastly, I hope you and your families are vaccinated, healthy and staying safe. 
 With that, I'll return it over to Trac. 
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. Third quarter results, including record revenue and non-GAAP earnings, reflect strong momentum across the company. For the full year, we are on track to deliver mid-teens revenue growth, an increase in non-GAAP operating margin of more than 200 basis points, non-GAAP earnings per share growth of more than 20% and approximately $1.35 billion in operating cash flow. The combination of the dynamic markets we serve, the powerful impact of our products and solutions and customer results and our history of strong execution is the basis for us setting the goal of crossing $5 billion in revenue by 2023. 
 Now to the third quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.057 billion, up 10%, driven by broad-based strength across all product groups and geographies. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $959 million, with solid growth in both EDA and IP. Software Integrity segment revenue was $98 million, and we are executing better than expected against our bookings plan for the year. As a result, we project that Software Integrity revenue growth will approach double digits for the full year, and we are solidly on the path to accelerate revenue growth to the 15% to 20% range long term. 
 Moving on to expenses. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $855 million, which includes approximately $15 million in restructuring costs. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $720 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 31.9%. We are on track to deliver operating margin expansion to approximately 30.5% for the year. Adjusted operating margin for the Semiconductor & System Design segment was 34% and Software Integrity margin was 9%. 
 Wrapping up the income statement. GAAP earnings per share were $1.27, non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.81. 
 Turning to cash. We generated $422 million in operating cash flow. We recently completed a $175 million stock buyback, bringing the total to the fiscal year to $573 million. And we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.53 billion with total debt of $107 million. 
 For fiscal 2021, we are raising our revenue and non-GAAP operating margin and earnings guidance. Our targets are: revenue of $4.19 billion to $4.22 billion, an increase of $145 million at the midpoint, representing mid-teens growth; total GAAP costs and expenses between $3.431 billion and $3.459 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $2.915 billion and $2.925 billion, a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 30.5%; Other income and expenses between minus $6 million and minus $4 million; non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%; GAAP earnings of $4.63 to $4.79 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $6.78 to $6.83 per share, representing over 20% growth; cash flow from operations of approximately $1.35 billion and capital expenditures of approximately $90 million. 
 Now to the targets for the fourth quarter. Revenue between $1.138 billion and $1.168 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $924 million and $952 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $805 million and $815 million, GAAP earnings of $1.09 to $1.25 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $1.75 to $1.80 per share. 
 We will provide detailed 2022 guidance and our updated long-term financial objectives and assumptions we'll report next quarter. As part of that discussion, we will also provide an update of our normalized -- of our 3-year normalized non-GAAP tax rate, which is under review. Although we have not completed the assessment, I want to highlight that the rate may increase in light of the assumptions under review. 
 In conclusion, we delivered record revenue and non-GAAP earnings and strong operating cash flow. Based on our excellent results year-to-date and our outlook for Q4, we are substantially raising our targets for the full year and setting the goal of crossing $5 billion in revenue by 2023. This reflects an increase in our long-term revenue growth objectives to double digits and is also complemented by ongoing margin expansion. At the same time, we will continue to invest to further scale the business and drive increasing shareholder value going forward. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. 
Joseph Vruwink: I wanted to start on just kind of the recalibrated revenue growth framework. Can you maybe discuss some of the ways the composition of the growth profile is different than it has been in the past? You spent a lot of time in prepared remarks highlighting new products. Is vitality better today than it maybe was in the past? Or is this a huge wave of domain-specific, application-specific development? Is that just a magnitude proving to be much greater than it has been in the past? 
Aart de Geus: Thanks for the question. It's a bit all of that. I think that Synopsys has a high degree of vitality right now, largely as a result of many years of complex investments that certainly are intersecting in a positive way. And so you may recall the many times we talked about a Fusion Compiler, for example, as sort of a platform to do very advanced design with. Well, once you intersect that with the ability to automate some of that, in other words, put sort of a brain on top of it, that brain, if it functions well, can do a lot because the Fusion Compiler is a very, very powerful tool. 
 And so all of these efforts took many years to get to this point, and now they are showing results. And what is powerful about showing results is you learn very quickly from the results to get better results and improve. And so this is moving forward very rapidly. Simultaneously, you opened up a very good other comment, which is that a number of efforts become maybe not entirely domain specific, but certainly more domain sensitive. And so when you talk about automotive or industrial or other areas that require a certain degree of security and safety, well, those are additional demands that come in. 
 And in general, if you buy into my picture of saying, hey, the whole world is heading towards Smart Everything, well, all the smart is applied in those verticals in different ways. And so some have a lot of data. Others have very difficult data to deal with, and others just require instantaneous fast computing. Those are all a bit different. And so yes, there will be an increase for gradual specializations in the vertical markets. But at the same time, you can only do that if you have an extremely strong and capable foundation. And I think we're certainly in a good spot for that. 
Joseph Vruwink: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then maybe just more of a near-term focus question. The guidance for the fourth quarter does imply a pretty big step up just relative to where the implied guidance was last quarter. I'd imagine you touched on the strength in the hardware. I would assume that's a contributor. Can you just talk about the expected performance of the software business into the fourth quarter? And I'll leave it there. 
Trac Pham: Yes. Let me take that one. Joe, for the core fourth quarter really reflects continuing strength across all the businesses. We continue to ramp up on software. Hardware is better than expected. Same with IP. And then you're also seeing a progression on the Software Integrity business as well. So it's coming from all areas of the business. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. 
Jackson Ader: The first one is on DSO.ai. Aart, I'm just curious, can we get a little bit more color on maybe how this is priced on a per seat basis and whether is it only available to those customers that are on the Fusion Compiler platform? Or is it also available elsewhere? 
Aart de Geus: Well, it's a bit of a complicated question because we are in the first wave of making this successful. And suddenly, we have built one of its capabilities on Fusion Compiler. And since we have pretty much all of the advanced customers using Fusion Compiler, we have plenty of opportunity to continue with that. And there's a lot of runway in terms of what we can accomplish.  
 What I did not mention is that DSO.ai is actually a capability that can also be applied in other domains. And over time, we will use some of that technology and the ability to design better silicon technologies, for example, or in the verification space. So there are many directions that we can take with that. And we are strongly engaged now with some of the most advanced design teams in the world. And maybe the only comment I want to make right now on pricing and so on is that it has already helped us see some growth in renewals. And that is really the direction that we count on for technology that truly has a big impact with our customers. 
Jackson Ader: Okay. All right. Great. And then a follow-up on the regions. Is there a -- this is kind of the second, third quarter in a row that China had a big sequential jump. And I'm just curious whether there's a distinct seasonal purchasing pattern in China that might be different from the other regions that you see. 
Aart de Geus: To be honest, I think for the last 15 years, I've said we've never had really seasonal patterns. It's just one continuous wave. And when a certain region is not as big as another, it is more often than not just the fact that the renewals at that time are different than in other regions. 
 Now commenting specifically about China. The very, very good results, and continued good results, are due to a very broad adoption. So by many companies, and of course, many companies that themselves are investing heavily in the future and driving business very hard. So it's just a very active region, and I expect that to continue. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. 
Thomas Diffely: Trac, I was hoping you could give me a little bit more about your view on operating leverage going forward. What do you see as the key drivers, be it segments or product mix or moving to a hybrid office model, whatever you think is important. 
Trac Pham: I think all those things that you touched on, John -- Tom will help the operating leverage. The really -- the 2 biggest ones are continue to grow revenues. And in fact, we're raising the outlook for revenue growth. Secondly, the things that really move the needle are the investments in the business and making sure that we're investing in the areas that are going to give us the biggest returns. 
 You're also seeing strong results in the growth in revenues for this year because of changes and improvements that we've made on the go-to-market side, both on the semi and the SIG side, Software Integrity side. Those big drivers as well as a ton of work across the company in so many different areas, including the items that you mentioned is what is going to help us continue to drive operating margins up over the next several years. 
Thomas Diffely: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Aart, I was hoping you could give us a little bit more about the competitive landscape in the IP market and what you're seeing from a pricing point of view or just an overall competition point of view. 
Aart de Geus: Well, I think we continue to outperform well others because of both the breadth and the complexity of our platform. I want to say, though, ARM is also doing very, very well. And we are sort of almost 100% complementary to what they do. And so what I think we see is, a, that there are many more designs, that they're especially much more complex designs. And that second comment is important because the value and the cost, but also the necessity for very advanced nodes, is -- has increased. 
 And so we observed that in multiple ways, a, of course, by what our customers order, but also at the speed with which they absorb it. And in some of the numbers I gave in the preamble, you could see that a significant portion of our business is already at 5,  4 and 3-nanometer. And these are invariably extremely sophisticated customers that need large complex blocks and do a lot of design. So in general, for us, the market is doing extremely well, and IP has definitely been a shiny star at Synopsys for a number of quarters now. 
Thomas Diffely: Okay. And do you see pricing strength then along the way? 
Aart de Geus: I don't think that it has changed. The more complex things are more expensive, and customers expect that. But fundamentally, it's a business of almost constant renewals. And I think we must be okay with our pricing because our customers consume what they buy often faster than the time frame that they allocated and then they renew. And a lot of this business is built on the trust that we will deliver something that they can count on at the right time. And so a lot of it is very sophisticated repeat business. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo. 
Gary Mobley: Since you guys mentioned it in your prepared remarks and your press release, hopefully, you can give us some additional color on your long-term view of revenue, $5 billion in fiscal year '23. You can get to double-digit percent compound annual growth depending on what your starting point is. If it's fiscal year '20, you can get there. But are we talking about double-digit percent growth on average for the next 2 years? In other words, is this a preliminary view of double-digit percent revenue growth for next fiscal year? 
Trac Pham: Well, I want to be careful by getting into the details on next year, but the math over the next couple of years really is off of the current guidance for '21, Gary. 
Gary Mobley: Got you. Well, that makes it very clear then. Very bullish. And then I'm surprised it hasn't been asked yet, but you're raising the implied fourth quarter revenue guide from the previous implied, I should say, by 11%. That's obviously, perhaps supported by some stronger backlogs. And my question is what is the backlog? Can you share that with -- at the 10-Q filing? 
Trac Pham: Yes, certainly. The -- when we file the Q, the backlog, you'll see is $4.7 billion. And as we've cautioned you and others in the past backlog, while it's a big number, we'll move from quarter-to-quarter, right, depending on what gets renewed and what gets recognized as revenue. 
 I think this quarter is a very emphatic support of that, that we can raise the year by $145 million at the midpoint and see backlog move the other way. So overall, really, the guidance and the outlook for the year is a reflection of the strong growth in the deals that we're booking and our confidence in our ability to continue to drive that strong renewals. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: With regard to that very interesting target now for 2023, a couple of things. Internally, how are you thinking about any structural or capacity or operational changes that you might need to put in place with respect to, let's say, R&D or go to market? Similarly, you have one customer that -- it's well known as a matter of public record, is fairly consistently over 10% of your revenue also has not grown necessarily every period, also a matter of public record. 
 Does your growth forecast of 2023 necessitate that, that large customer keep pace? Or can you grow the business to the degree you're talking about even if that large one lags and you can grow with others or perhaps substantially increase the total number of customers, particularly in core EDA. And then a follow-up for Trac. 
Aart de Geus: Well, so as you well know, we never comment about individual customer from -- certainly not from a business point of view, but I would just highlight that the most advanced customers, the largest customers in the world are also far and away the most aggressive in technology adoption. And for a good reason. That is why they are the most successful ones and continue to grow. And so I expect that to be the case for multiple of our top customers. 
 In terms of structural changes. We've had the good fortune to be able to somewhat continually inside of Synopsys evolve the structure as technologies either gain strength or are better put together with other products. And we've continued to do quite a bit of that under Sassine Ghazi, our COO's leadership. And I think that has been very effective because not only does a high degree of vitality. It also opens up new doors. 
 And you've seen, for example, out of the design effort, the SLM, the silicon life cycle management suddenly emerge and a number of other capabilities. A great example, of course, is DSO because it intersects with really the entire company primarily right now in design because there the results are just fantastic and of very high value. And so we will continue in that vein. 
 On the field side, there are 2. We continue to optimize for the customers driving different technologies and making sure that the coverage is very good. And in many ways, the good news is that despite all the restrictions with COVID, I think we have not really missed any beat in covering the needs of our customers well. And so right now, I would consider that Synopsys is actually in a pretty good spot. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Trac... 
Trac Pham: Jay, can I just emphasize Aart's comment on the restructuring before I get to your question because if you look at the operating margin results over the last 3 years. We've increased it by 8 points since the low of '18, right? And so there has been a lot of changes across the company. And so while we have been able to grow the business, reinvest in the business, we're simultaneously making a lot of that change. And so there is good opportunity for us to sustain that going forward. And so it's not a new skill that we have to acquire and develop. This is something that we've been working on for many years now. And so this practice of driving to higher profitability in the next few years is going to be more of the same, but more hard work because we're off -- we're working off a pretty high base. 
 With regards to the customer concentration, I think the -- while the reality is we're still working on finalizing the budgets for next year and the plans for the next couple of years, what we are seeing is really strong -- strength across the broad product sets and strength across the broad customer base. And there's enough confidence in our ability to execute against that, that we feel willing to go out and commit to $5 billion by '23. So it's very, very much broad-based. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Now for you, Trac, you spoke more positively about the SIG performance and outlook. What would seem to corroborate that is there has been, over the last few months, a very significant increase in the number of open software security consulting positions you're looking to fill Q3 over Q2. And so fairly material, including in particular for Asia positions related to SIG. So have you seen over the last quarter or so, therefore, a material increase in the pipeline for SIG engagements and deployments to warrant that kind of opening of the aperture for SIG hiring? 
Trac Pham: Short answer is yes. Let me give you some color about how we're thinking about SIG. If you remember, at the beginning of the year, we said that we're going to make some changes and to get the business back on a growth path of 15% to 20%. And what we said was for this current year that we would exit the year at double digits, right, because it would take time for the improvements in bookings to translate to revenue. And that by Q4, our goal is to exit the year in double digits. 
 We are now, in fact, approaching double digits for the full year and not just exiting. So I think the momentum clearly has been progressively improving. And I think if you recall the tone throughout the year, I think it was kind of cautiously optimistic because we're seeing good progression and impacting the changes that 1 quarter, 2 quarter, I think it's too early to call. But 4 quarters in, it does feel like we really are on the right path. And if we continue executing this, the goal of 15% to 20% growth long term feels very, very doable. 
 With regards to the investments, I think same thing there. We are -- we have been progressively feeling positive. And again, if you remember the commentary on operating margins, we thought we would have to invest more this year and then bring margins down in order to drive growth. In fact, the team has done a really good job balancing the changes in the business, while kind of managing their investments to keep margins relatively flat. 
 And so we've -- the hiring that you're seeing certainly reflects an emphasis of hiring in the areas where we can get the most impact. And it's just a very disciplined approach in terms of hiring. So overall, just good results that supports continued investments in that business. But the outlook is very good growth in the next few years as well as margin improvements. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Gal Munda with Berenberg. 
Gal Munda: The first one is just I'd like to go back on the full year guidance upgrade. I'm just kind of thinking about to make sure it's clear. It's not just that you were surprised by the amount of hardware orders that you're seeing in Q4. It's the mix of all different business segments that allowed you to raise the guidance by $145 million at the midpoint. Is that correct? 
Trac Pham: That's correct. Yes. 
Gal Munda: Okay. Awesome. And then just as a follow-up to that. It's a big revenue number to raise with 1 quarter to go. But at the same time, when I look at the operating cash flow raised again, it's just as impressive. I think it implies more than 50% incremental operating cash margin to that revenue base. So can you just talk to me how much of that is kind of sustainable when you look at the operating cash flow incrementals versus any one-offs that kind of play and potentially help you this year a little bit because of the fact that it's a lot higher to do it than the overall operating cash flow margin that you've been generating recently? 
Trac Pham: Yes. No, overall, both on the P&L and the cash flows, I would characterize it as just very good results across the board as opposed to being driven by onetime items or any unusual items. But keep in mind, the cash flow will be lumpy just given that depending on the day, the week that it comes in, it can flip from 1 quarter to the next or 1 year to the next. But over the long term, if we continue to drive operating margins up and drive operating income growth, cash flow should track very well to EBITDA less cash taxes over time. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Jason, your line is open. 
 Okay. We'll move on to Pradeep Ramani with UBS. 
Pradeep Ramani: Congrats on the quarter and the guide. I just had a couple of questions on -- first on the revenue piece. Based on what you're saying, it feels like 1.15 is more of a sort of a new base to think about just looking into October and January. Is that true? And then if we do the math on your $5 billion target over, let's say, a 2-year period, that implies roughly 1.25 sort of a run rate. So my question really is that how -- can we sort of expect just given your sort of broad-based growth you're seeing, can we sort of expect a linear progression to from, say, 1.15 to 1.25 a quarter over 2 years? 
Trac Pham: I wouldn't look at it that way, Pradeep, I think you're trying to impart seasonality on the business when there really isn't one. Our business is very much recurring. 90% of the business is recurring, but it could be a little noisy from quarter-to-quarter. And I think that overall, I would look at the trend over a multiyear period and focus on what we're describing for the year. And then within the year, we'll give you very specific kind of feedback on what that quarterly profile can look like. 
 And it will vary, and it doesn't really -- it will vary depending on what the customer requirements are. And I'd just remind you that last year, we had a Q3 and Q4 that was unusual by historical standards. And then this year has trended out to be a little bit more linear. And so it will vary even within a 2-year span. But over time, the -- if you look at the annual trends, it tends to be pretty steady. 
Pradeep Ramani: Okay. And on the margin front, the semis and system design margins are approaching 34%, 35%. How do you think about sort of the feeling, if any, to margins on the semi side and sort of the progression of margins even simply backing out from your rule of 45%, the sort of the 10% to 11% sort of revenue growth rate you're guiding to? 
Trac Pham: We'll continue to -- I'm sorry, I'm going to start then Aart can add some color, but we'll continue to look for efficiencies and productivity across all areas of the business. So that will include the semi side and Software Integrity. The opportunity is that we're spending a lot in total as a company. And so the more dollars that we can put behind projects and initiatives that are going to drive the best returns, we'll continue to do that. There's no reason to not maintain that discipline. 
 That served us well the last few years because those investments that we've made and was highlighted in Aart's prepared remarks are assumption of the big investments that we've made over the last 5-plus years. And so we want to make sure that we're looking at that business as well to  be more efficient. But that does not at all imply that we won't continue to invest heavily. But we'll do that in a balanced way so that all areas of the business are contributing to good growth and profitability improvements. 
Aart de Geus: Maybe if I can add something. You can look at it both outside and inside. Starting outside, of course, the semi and the systems industries have great opportunities right now because this age of Smart Everything will actually touch everything. And in some areas, it's going to go very fast, in others more slowly, but it is unavoidable that electronics and within that, semiconductors and software, will add substantial value to every vertical that it will touch. And so that is one of the reasons why you see the semiconductor industry do so well. And the fact that in some areas, our shortages may have nothing to do with that because it's certain specific areas. But in general, it does have to do with the fact that demand is high and higher than ability to satisfy it. So we expect that the market in aggregate, over time, will stay very healthy for a while.
 On the inside, we've always said that you need to have a portfolio of things that are more mature and with more maturity, hopeful on sustainable productivity and margin. And certain things that you have to invest best in and by definition, investing means putting money in. But on balance, I think that since we communicated to you about 2.5 years or so ago, that we were going after Rule of 40. We've executed well with that. And in many ways, I would consider that episode is now over. And now we have mentioned to you that Rule of 45 is next. So the general recipe is clear, and the hard work is always hard, but I think we're on a very good track. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John McPeake with Rosenblatt. 
John McPeake: Nice work, guys. Just along the lines, you just mentioned that a lot of your customers are mentioning component shortages and you do have some hardware that has some components in it. And I'd just like to ask if you feel like you have secured enough supply to -- of components to ship... 
Aart de Geus: At this point in time, the answer is yes. We have sufficient, which does not mean that we don't look for every part to see how the alternatives, what's the status? Are there going to be some challenges? Luckily enough for us, we bought the most important part at the right time in sufficient magnitude that for right now, we're covered. But right now, and so we'll keep being very diligent about this although I expect that in some areas the shortages will gradually vanish. 
John McPeake: One thing I've heard is the semi companies don't want to eat their seed corn, so you could be a priority customer because they can't get their designs done without your products. 
Aart de Geus: Well, we're part of a circle. Absolutely. 
John McPeake: Right. So I guess my second one is on gate-all-around. I did see the tape out at 3 with a customer. Do you see that as the future? And relative to your AI-enabled solution, things are getting pretty hairy down there. Could you just talk about that maybe as a driver for different segments of the business, placing route, timing, I don't know. 
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, let me make 3 comments. First is there have been a number of generations of semiconductor transistors, [ planar ] was for many years the way to do it. The thought to do FinFET was heresy because these were very difficult to do and impossible and then they became possible, and we moved forward on that. The way to look at data all around is essentially, it's a sophisticated variation on FinFET and a number of advanced customers and manufacturing partners are clearly investing in this and clearly going in this direction. And we can absolutely support it all the way from the very beginnings of providing them with tools that allow them to literally simulate and design individual transistors all the way to our design system. Fusion Compiler is completely capable of handling this. So that's not going to be a problem.
 The second comment is what you're referring to when you say new types of transistor is de facto a form of continuation of Moore's Law. Meaning still smaller transistors, still less power, still faster speed. And while Moore's Law has slowed down, I want to emphasize, it is still continuing. And that, too, for many times was viewed as impossible, but it is absolutely continuing.
 I would amend it with something, though, which is you also see more talk of now bringing multiple chiplets or sometimes called tiles closely together, sometimes on top of other chips, on other pieces of semiconductor. And to me, that is a mega booster pack to Moore's Law because if you cannot do more transistors on a chip, can you do 2 chips closely together? And there are a number of design issues that Synopsys is particularly well equipped for because when you do something in 2 chips instead of 1, the biggest problem is the in between, right, which is how quickly can you get the signals from one to the other. And that's why you want to have them very, very closely linked.
 We have a complete 3D IC, that design system for that. And as we see people do a combination of still smaller devices, but now also multiple chips closely together, we will gradually see that growing. So I'm very encouraged that for the next 10 years, we're still going to see way more complex systems. And in our case, the word complex is a good word. 
John McPeake: And just one little follow-up there. I mean you did raise the revenue growth targets to double digits. You don't have to give a number, but EDA is assumed to be raised as well inside of that. Is that fair? 
Aart de Geus: Yes. Trac sort of alluded to the fact that all of our business are doing well. And so absolutely, EDA is a very, very big piece of our business, the largest piece. And so you cannot get to a double digit and grow from there if that were a boat anchor. And in this context, it's actually the opposite. EDA is doing extremely well for us. 
Operator: And the last question comes from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc. 
Jason Celino: Can you hear me? Trying this again. 
Trac Pham: Yes. We can hear you. 
Jason Celino: Okay. Sorry about that. Maybe in essence of time, I'll just ask one. Aart, you mentioned you're seeing your customers renew faster than they have ever before. I'm trying to understand this a little bit. Is this because of the products and capabilities that you're adding and they're having to come to the table quicker? Or is this maybe market appetite to move faster, go to market faster, et cetera? 
Aart de Geus: Well, the answer is yes and yes, meaning that they see a lot of opportunity because there's a lot of demand for many of these new capabilities. And at the same time, because of the continued growth in complexity, they have to rely on more use of IP blocks, on more automation in the design process. And we are the ones providing that. And so I'm super enthusiastic about this decade because I can see the value at the end of this journey for so many vertical markets. Therefore, the economics from the end markets will come down into the systems semiconductor and in our world because we are the enablers for that. And I'm also super enthusiastic because I feel that many of the investments that we've made have led Synopsys to be at just a unique point of new innovation and having had the opportunity to be part of the early beginnings of automation via synthesis many years ago.
 I would equate what we're doing right now with AI on not a design step but a whole design flow to be very, very similar. And therefore, a long-term high impact. And it's just very exciting to feel the push of the technology and the pull of the end market. And having those aligned, I think, is just perfect for us. 
 Well, I guess the signifies that we are done for this hour. First, thank you, as usual, for attending this and for following us. Hopefully, you read out of the discussion and the preambles that we feel that we're in a very strong, solid business situation, but also very excited about the capabilities that are rolling out and their impact on the future. And lastly, that we are in a market situation and the market really needs the capabilities we have. And so that leaves only the word execution to finish on, and that is our job.
 So thank you very much. I hope you all stay healthy in a time where, unfortunately, the Delta waves are bigger than anybody expected. So please vaccinate and stay safe. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-05-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2021. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last 1 hour. 5 minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. 
 At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Sean. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release.
 In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at synopsys.com.
 In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call.
 With that, I'll turn it over to Aart de Geus. 
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I'm happy to report outstanding second quarter results, exceeding all of our key guidance metrics. We delivered revenue of $1.024 billion with GAAP earnings per share of $1.24 and non-GAAP earnings of $1.70.
 Business was strong across all product groups and geographies. We continue to make good progress on our margin expansion goal and generated record operating cash flow of $526 million. As a result of our first half strength and growing confidence in our year, we are raising guidance for revenue, non-GAAP ops margin, earnings and cash flow. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail.
 Before commenting on highlights, let me say a few words about the dire situation in South Asia. While parts of the world are progressing well with vaccination, we are seeing an enormous challenge for the people of South Asia. Our top priority is the well-being of our employees, and we have taken many steps to support them and their families. Ranging from orchestrating oxygen concentrators to teaming up with vaccination clinics to ambulance services, food delivery and family health, our objective is to maximally mitigate the impact of COVID and make sure that every employee can call on Synopsys as a beacon of care and solidarity. Despite the pandemic challenges, we are thankful that from a business perspective, we continue to ship our products and support our customers with no material disruptions, and our business is doing well.
 Looking at the overall market, demand for semiconductors is very strong. While some of the near-term demand can be attributed to segments such as automotive catching up after a year of COVID slowing, there is an undeniable new wave of growth on the horizon as every vertical market demands machine learning chips to harvest their big data for their specific needs. 
 In other words, the early technical successes of machine learning in the cloud are now moving to the edge, attracted by the economic promise of Smart Everything. The technology push has grown into a vertical economic pull. All segments are impacted, and the race is on to provide smart solutions in automotive, health, consumer, 5G and so on. 
 This push/pull opens a whole new era for semiconductors and software, and with it, great opportunities for Synopsys. First, the foundational building blocks are complex chips, chips for data generation and sensors, for storage, for transport and for compute, all needing IP blocks, speed, low power and security. This is great for Synopsys.
 Second, not just chips, systems of chips. While the complexity of a system on a chip continues to grow, the leading edge is moving to systems of chips. By abutting them seamlessly and stacking them on top of each other, massive transistor counts open the door to brand-new functionality. This growing systemic complexity is great for Synopsys.
 Third, chips differentiated by vertical market. Each vertical has its own needs. Automotive has safety requirements. Mobile requires extreme low power. Aerospace and industrial wants built in life cycle diagnostics. High-powered new entrants such as hyperscalers and AI design their own chips for super performance. And everybody, be it medical and health markets, financial sector, communications or infrastructure, everybody needs much better security. All of these are disciplines that we have invested in for years. Great for Synopsys. 
 And lastly, software and silicon are tightly linked and must be tuned for each other: software to be written to consume less power in the chips; chips to be optimized for huge amount of sensor data; software to be debugged on prototypes of chips that have not been built yet to speed time to market; chips to be optimized for blindingly fast computation; and always, software and chips must be secured together. These are all technologies we are leading in. Great for Synopsys. So we're perfectly placed, and our mission is to capitalize the Smart Everything ambitions of our semiconductor partners and vertical customers by delivering 1,000x system performance in this decade. 
 In that context, let me share some highlights, beginning with EDA, which delivered another strong quarter both in design and verification. In digital design, proliferation and competitive displacement by our Fusion Design Platform again drove strong growth. In particular, strong momentum for Fusion Compiler. 
 For example, ARM is leveraging Fusion Compiler on its next-generation Neoverse V1 and N2 infrastructure cores. Fusion Compiler was also selected for advanced mobile designs at Samsung driven by superior throughput and performance per watt results. Our momentum in the most advanced 3-nanometer node is also evident with 5 new test chip tape-outs at processor, graphics and mobile technology leaders as well as next wave 3-nanometer adopters. 
 We see strong innovation and market disruption with our Custom Design Platform as well. In Q2, we announced our PrimeSim Continuum platform for analog, mixed signal simulation. With the industry's brand-new graphics processor base acceleration, it cuts time to results by 10x. Endorsed by Samsung Electronics, NVIDIA and Kioxia, PrimeSim delivers significant productivity gains at companies such as Nanya Technology, where it is deployed on DRAM design. In addition, we again secured multiple full-flow displacements in the quarter, including another large analog design company in Japan.
 In verification software, we have strong growth with our Verification Continuum Platform driven by adoption momentum with hyperscalers. Our hardware verification solutions drove excellent results as well, including 14 new logos and more than 50 repeat orders in Q2. Fueling our ongoing strong growth is continuous innovation, including new turbocharged application-specific emulation systems, 2 of which went to market in the quarter.
 The ZeBu Empower emulation system lets customers perform power analysis earlier in the design cycle, dramatically reducing power-related risks. Also, just last week, we launched ZeBu EP1, the industry's first ultrafast 10-megahertz emulation system. It targets high-performance compute for 5G, GPU, AI and automotive, handling designs up to 2 billion gates. 
 We also shipped the latest generation of prototyping HAPS-100. With the fastest performance and unmatched enterprise scalability, it accelerates software development, system validation and verification. Customers like NVIDIA and Furiosa are already relying on HAPS-100 for their most demanding projects.
 Now to IP, which again achieved excellent revenue growth driven by technical leadership and strong market dynamics. In Q2, we extended our advantage in the high-performance compute market. We acquired MorethanIP and its 400-gig, 800-gig Ethernet controllers. Combined with our existing 112-gig Ethernet PHY, we now offer a full Ethernet solution for high-performance data center applications.
 Advancing our lead in next-generation PCI Express interfaces, we delivered the industry's first complete PCI Express 6.0 IP solution. Needed for huge bandwidth demand, we see strong market traction with leading customers. And in addition to the EDA adoption I referenced earlier, we announced a strategic collaboration with ARM to closely align product road maps and enhance our interface IP solutions with specific features for the Arm Neoverse platform.
 Our interface and foundation IP are also gaining broad industry adoption on the advanced 5-nanometer FinFET process driven by vertical segments such as high-performance compute, automotive and AI. More than 20 leading semiconductor companies use our 5-nanometer IP with multiple first-pass silicon successes, attesting to the robustness and reliability of our portfolio.
 Lastly, to address the above-mentioned safety and security requirements for automotive, we launched a new DesignWare Hardware Secure Module and ARC Safety and Security Processor IP solutions with integrated functional safety features.
 Let me now turn to 2 exciting and disruptive technologies we recently introduced. First is DSO.ai, our award-winning AI-powered design system that hits right at the foundation of the new growth era, very complex chips. DSO.ai autonomously searches the vast design space for optimal solutions in terms of chip performance, power and area. It does this using very sophisticated machine learning. This not only substantially accelerates the schedule of human design teams, but it enables them to push the technology envelope towards better solutions. 
 The improvements and results over the last 2 quarters have been extraordinary. One example is a very large influential U.S. company who reported what I like to call a productivity world record. On a leading-edge chip, a single engineer using DSO.ai was able to achieve in weeks what typically takes an entire team months to complete. Another global leader recently highlighted unprecedented 3x designer productivity and meeting timing specs weeks ahead of schedule. Results like these are driving notable adoptions. For example, Renesas now uses DSO.ai for its advanced automotive chip design environment.
 The other innovation push is our Silicon Life Cycle Management Platform, or SLM for short. This end-to-end solution monitors, analyzes and optimizes chips as they are designed, manufactured, tested and deployed in the field. SLM leverages our long-standing unique expertise to give customers visibility into performance, reliability, safety and security issues for chip's entire lifespan. We're actively engaged with multiple customers at 5- and 3-nanometer that seek to use SLM to optimize their design flow with data collected during test.
 The vertical market pull by hyperscalers, for example, is a strong driver of important adoptions. In Q2, 10 new customers adopted a variety of SLM capabilities. Several of them, having adopted one element of our portfolio, are already broadening to other aspects of our platform. Stay tuned as we continue to roll out new capabilities.
 Now to Software Integrity, which had another very solid quarter towards meeting its financial '21 goal and accelerating growth. Revenue was ahead of plan in every region, reflecting strong orders momentum. We're seeing good results from the changes we've made in our go-to-market strategy and execution. In Q2, we added 100 new logos, and retention exceeded our targets.
 The services business was particularly strong and is driving comprehensive service plus products engagements. A great example is an important multimillion-dollar new business win with a large transportation company who replaced incumbent products with Synopsys for the end-to-end value we provide.
 We also launched our channel partner program to expand our reach into geographies and verticals not currently touched through direct sales. The benefits are apparent. For example, we closed a multimillion-dollar new adoption in South America, where we didn't have any selling capability 6 months ago.
 On the technology front, we delivered a significant enhancement to our Polaris platform, Intelligent Orchestration. It's a set of processes within Polaris that run parallel to our customers' DevOps pipelines. Intelligent Orchestration communicates and automates security testing in synchronization with each company's specific protocol and is built for easier and efficient integration into their development pipeline. The opportunity in this space is vast, and we're encouraged by the steady progress the team is making.
 In summary, we delivered an outstanding Q2 and are raising our outlook for fiscal '21. Our markets are strong, reflecting extensive customer investments in critical chip and system designs with an increasing need for safety and security. As we look beyond this year's $4 billion revenue milestone, we see a new era at the intersection of silicon and software that will deliver Smart Everything to all vertical market segments. We see technology challenges that demands the cooperation and teamwork around many complex disciplines, disciplines we are strong in. And we see Synopsys in the midst of this vision as a well-equipped catalyst to our customers and partners' success.
 Finally, I want to recognize the efforts of our global team who over the past 1.5 years have adopted and succeeded despite upheaval and uncertainty. Thank you all for your solidarity and hard work.
 With that, I'll turn it over to Trac. 
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. As we report another outstanding quarter, let me echo Aart's thanks to our team not only for their dedication but also for their unwavering focus on innovation to fuel the exciting opportunities we have ahead. 
 We are in a great position as we set our sights on the next level financial ambitions. On top of a solid foundation of nearly 90% recurring revenue, a diverse and growing customer base and market and technology leadership, our track record of excellent execution continued in Q2. We are increasingly confident in our outlook and are raising our revenue, non-GAAP earnings, non-GAAP operating margin and cash flow guidance for the year.
 Now to our second quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated.
 We generated total revenue of $1.024 billion, up 19% and above our target range, driven by broad-based strength across product groups and geographies. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $930 million, with strong growth in both EDA, software and hardware and IP. Software Integrity segment revenue was $94 million. The positive orders momentum we saw in the quarter shows that the adjustments we've made in the business are taking hold. We are on track to meet our 2021 expectations of 15% to 20% orders growth and to exit the year with double-digit revenue growth in the fourth quarter. We're on a good path to accelerate revenue growth back to the 15% to 20% range long term.
 Moving on to expenses. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $830 million. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $707 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 31%. We are on track to again deliver operating margin expansion for the year and are raising the bottom end of our guidance range. Adjusted operating margin for the Semiconductor & System Design segment was 33%, and Software Integrity margin was 9%.
 Finally, GAAP earnings per share were $1.24, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.70, well above our target range.
 Turning to cash. We generated a record $526 million in operating cash flow. We completed $145 million of stock buybacks, bringing the total for the year to $398 million. And we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.46 billion and total debt of $116 million.
 Now to guidance. For fiscal 2021, revenue of $4.035 billion to $4.085 billion, an increase of $35 million, representing double-digit growth; total GAAP costs and expenses between $3.241 billion and $3.286 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $2.835 billion and $2.865 billion; a non-GAAP operating margin of 29.5% to 30%; other income and expenses between minus $5 million and minus $9 million; non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%; GAAP earnings of $4.55 to $4.72 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $6.38 to $6.45 per share, representing mid-teens growth; cash flow from operations of $1.25 billion to $1.3 billion; and capital expenditures of approximately $100 million.
 Targets for the third quarter are: revenue between $1.03 billion and $1.06 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $807 million and $825 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $707 million and $717 million; GAAP earnings of $1.30 to $1.41 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $1.75 to $1.80 per share.
 Our track record is reflective of how we intend to manage the business to exceed the Rule of 40. Based on a vibrant market opportunity, our strong portfolio and our excellent execution, we see an opportunity to accelerate revenue growth and expand non-GAAP operating margin beyond 30%. Our long-term financial objective is to manage to Rule of 45 over the next several years, and we will provide additional details once our long-term planning process is complete.
 In conclusion, we delivered strong revenue and non-GAAP earnings growth and record operating cash flow. Our strength is broad-based across product groups and geographies, and we are raising our guidance for the year. At the same time, we continue to develop and deliver transformative innovations that enable our customers' endeavors and position us well for many years to come.
 With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from the line of Jackson Ader from JPMorgan. 
Jackson Ader: Great. Aart, first one is for you. You talked about the chip differentiation by vertical as a nice tailwind for the company. I'm just curious, how do we scale the benefits of those -- I'm sorry, not scale -- square the benefits of those differentiations with the fact that there's -- there tends to be more increased IP usage from some of these newer entrants? And so I'm just curious, with differentiation seeming to lead to more custom design, what does that mean for those IP blocks that get designed once and used by many? 
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, there's 2 ways to look at this, from the perspective of the vertical or from the perspective of the pure semiconductor companies. From the vertical, the first thing that people need to choose is, will they design their own chips, yes or no. 
 And if you take the example of the hyperscalers, some, not all, but some of the automotive companies, the hyperscalers clearly are doing more and more of their own chip design. And automotive are either sort of dabbling in it or looking at some of their suppliers, the Tier 1s. In all cases, they are doing more chip design. And so that is good news for us. And absolutely, you're right that a lot of that design is done by substantial IP reuse, and you saw that our IP business is strong. 
 Now if you sit on the other side of the fence as a semiconductor provider, you look at these customers are -- each of them as opportunities to take sort of a core architecture and then say, "Well, how do I take my architecture and do different derivatives that are particularly good for different submarkets and essentially reuse some IP or add some that are just -- that is just necessary for that vertical?" And so I think there's no doubt that, therefore, we will see more chips of different type and more design. In all cases, consumption of IP will continue to grow. 
Jackson Ader: Okay. All right. Great. That's helpful. And then, Trac, quick follow-up. Any -- I think the cash flow performance is great to see, but it was so much bigger than I think we expected. Was there anything that was pulled forward, either -- any deals pulled forward or collections pulled forward? 
Trac Pham: No, not at all, actually. It's -- the profile is good because the business is pretty healthy, and we're generating obviously very strong operating margins. The other part to keep in mind is Q2 over the last couple of years will be normally our biggest collections quarter given the profile of renewals and where we end up invoicing at the end of Q1. But it was a combination of both. It's definitely a very healthy business right now. 
Operator: Next then, we're going to go to the line of Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson. 
Thomas Diffely: Trac, first one is for you. When you look at your increased guidance, which was a pretty substantial increase, is this more a factor of passage of time with comfort in your backlog? Or did you actually see an acceleration of business trends during the quarter? 
Trac Pham: Tom, as to your question, there's a number of things going on. First part is that we're -- we've got half of the year behind us, right? And the visibility that we have after the business that we booked certainly improves the outlook. As Aart described, the overall markets are healthy, and we're executing well against that. So there's a number of different factors.
 The backlog -- I would translate the increase in backlog to whether the business is healthy or not. The backlog increased this quarter as a function of the renewals that we had planned. But overall, the business that we did book saw very good run rate growth. And the growth in that business gave us really strong outlook for the year and confidence in the year. 
Thomas Diffely: Okay. Great. And then, Aart, just a broad question for you. When you enter into a market like we have today where there's chip shortages, what are the impact of those shortages on design activity, either positive or negative? 
Aart de Geus: Actually, very little impact. There are some people that do take existing chips and decide that they're going to do modification so that they can get more capacity with another vendor. People really hate to do that because it's a lot of work and no direct benefit, except that if you can ship to a customer, that's great. But it takes some time. 
 And so I don't think that, that is going to be a particularly strong driver. But the shortages should not be just interpreted, I think, as a reaction to a market that has been partially asleep during the COVID time and now is obviously catching up. And automotive is the best example because the mistake that was made there is they stopped ordering. And in the past, they were very powerful, and everybody jumped when they needed something. Now there was just no capacity left. And the reason there's no capacity left is because all the capacity is used by huge demand period. 
 And that's why I'm trying to differentiate a little bit with the temporary demand that comes out of sort of just this historical 1.5-year wave versus, I think, something that is much more profound, which is a whole new era of semiconductors impacting verticals. And I expect that to continue. And by the way, you can see how many, many places, including countries have decided to substantially increase the capacity. Those increases will take a couple of years to actually have impact. But they do illustrate the direction that our field is taking. 
Thomas Diffely: Great. And just a quick clarification. Did you say you had virtually no impact in India with your... 
Aart de Geus: Well, we're dealing, like everybody else, with a humanitarian situation that is very demanding. We've been able already for a while to rebalance the activities of our employees in such a fashion that to date, we have 0 material impact or delays in shipping anything or supporting anything. But I expect that for a number of months, India will still be, from a humanitarian point of view, a point of focus where we'll give a lot of support to our team. 
Operator: Next, we're going to go to the line of Joe Vruwink from Baird. 
Joseph Vruwink: Great. I maybe wanted to start. New technologies like DSO.ai, SLM, these have been getting called out more regularly over recent quarters. Is there a way to characterize or maybe compare to products in your past and the consequence of these new technologies? Is this just the natural evolution of Synopsys? Or is there something different? And perhaps it's specifically about AI adoption in the industry, but is there something different about these technologies where the ramification later on could be more consequential? 
Aart de Geus: That's a really, really interesting question actually. Let me start with SLM because what's interesting about SLM is this word life cycle. Because if you just take a chip and you say, put it in a phone or put it in a car, we all know which one has the longer life cycle. And so -- and in the case of the car, you have, of course, safety that is part of it. 
 And so suddenly, the ability to put inside of the chip sensors and the diagnostic system that, by the way, gets trained by AI so that a chip can self-diagnose as, well, I'm not feeling so good. You better start stopping the car, so to speak, is going to be a very high value. Maybe even more practical immediately is in cloud centers, where people run compute at the max speed and they want to know is a certain set of processors going to go down so that I replace them before it happens. So in essence, preventive maintenance. 
 And so in that sense, SLM is interesting because we touch these chips literally at the early days of even what are the type of transistors. So very minute physics, but now we also have very meaningful interaction with very large companies that are exactly in those verticals I described. 
 Now DSO.ai, I think, is breakthrough technology. And it's always difficult to compare something that we did over 30 years ago. But the early days of Synthesis had something similar, which is it took a set of human tasks where complexity just was outrunning the human and automated it. And overnight, we could do circuits that were better than what a human could do in a fraction of the time, and were faster and smaller. 
 Now we're talking of entire chip pieces, very large designs with many, many different constraints. And the fact that we can take tasks that take people multiple months and bring them down literally to a few weeks with fewer people and, in the last few quarters, even better results certainly sounds very similar. But to me, it's sort of essentially 30 years later, many orders of magnitude more complexity. And I think it fits well the very moment where the semiconductor industry will want to do many more chips for all these verticals. 
 And so we use sometimes the front line of using AI to design AI chips, but that is exactly what this is. And it's exciting. We're just at the beginning of that, but the impact is already economically felt by the users. 
Joseph Vruwink: Okay. That's really interesting color. Second question, is there anything about the sequencing by quarter of this particular fiscal year that maybe is a bit different than you originally expected? I'm thinking about things like it was another very strong quarter in China. You occasionally hear about maybe pulling forward some future business. And then the way the margin guidance appears to sequence this year, it looks like perhaps 4Q has a bit more incremental cost. Maybe that's just hiring related. So I suppose is there anything that is maybe different timing-wise or just the sequencing of your quarters? 
Trac Pham: Joe, this is Trac. Overall, the profiling of the quarters is very much close to what we had planned around. I'm actually really happy with the profile this year given how back-end loaded last year was. Most of the things you described, the revenue, pretty linear this year. As far as the margin profile, that's just a function of hiring -- largely a function of hiring throughout the year. But we're pretty pleased with how it's shaping up relative to the plan that we had at the beginning of the year. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we're going to go to the line of Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo Securities. 
Gary Mobley: Congrats on a strong first half of the fiscal year. I see that China was up strong again, and I wanted to ask about -- I wanted to ask your personal view, Aart, and perhaps to get some color from you on the changing geopolitical dynamic between the U.S. and China seemingly now more so influenced by the broad supply shortage we have in the semiconductor side and this renewed focus on onshoring chip production to the U.S. 
 And I realize that you're not so much aligned to expansion in chip production. But I think a lot of these measures that are proposed, these bills and whatnot are focused on growing R&D investments as well. So I'm wondering perhaps if you're starting to see any sort of influence from that in your licensing or what may be in order for you guys looking down the road. 
Aart de Geus: Well, the first comment is when a market is strong, it typically tends to be strong for everybody. And the very fact that even politicians know -- not only know what a chip is but may have seen one is certainly encouraging. And the fact that nations want to invest more because they think it's strategically important to be close to this whole next age of Smart Everything and AI, I think this is all very encouraging for us. And so while there may be tension between different countries of who does what, the race is on, and the fact that there's shortage is just accentuated by some of those tensions. 
 But I think the most interesting part of all of this is that there is gradually now a broader understanding that the whole next wave of human products impact and so on is very, very much linked to the notion of big data intersecting with AI, i.e., smart results. And it's interesting that now even electronics are referred to as infrastructure in a country. Well, all of these words are encouraging because I certainly believe that while it's not a panacea to all human problems by any means, it has enormous power to evolve all vertical fields. 
 And so I'm not surprised really that the degree of attention has gone up. But right now, the fact that people want to spend more on R&D or manufacturing capacity, it's all good news for semiconductors. 
Gary Mobley: Appreciate that, Aart. Trac, you mentioned that backlog was up sequentially. I know you haven't filed your Q yet, but specifically, what was -- what were the remaining performance obligations for the end of the quarter? And related to that, would you expect revenue growth and backlog to trend sort of in line with each other? Or would you expect over time to generate a larger percentage of revenue from turns business like Emulation or whatnot? 
Trac Pham: We've made a change -- or you saw a change in the turns mix largely at the beginning of FY '19 as a result of the 606 transition. And I would say for the most part, the business has been relatively stable, and it'll be -- that percentage might move from quarter-to-quarter depending on their hardware IP deliveries. But I think we're in a pretty good stable level right now. The backlog is up, and we should be filing our Q next week. So you should be able to see the actual amount. But I think we're going to disclose that it's about $4.8 billion or north of $4.8 billion. 
Operator: Next, we're going to go to the line of Gal Munda from Berenberg. 
Gal Munda: The first one is just when I look at your performance in H1 actually in total, like you said, it's really the opposite of what we had last year when it was very, very back-end loaded. So nice recovery there. But then also looking at the Q3 guide, which is very solid, I'm thinking when you look at for the rest of the year and you have a pretty good visibility now, especially into Q3, is it fair to say that if -- especially some of the hardware orders, some other stuff comes in, you could consider the guidance as fairly conservative still at this stage? Or do you think that's kind of a fair representation of what you're seeing? 
Trac Pham: Yes. It's a good question. The profile we laid out, the quarterly profile we laid out for Q3 and Q4 is largely a reflection of the revenue recognition profile of IP and hardware. We actually had very good visibility in the second half, and that's why we raised the guidance for the full year. At this point, keep in mind, given the new revenue rules, you're going to see some variability from quarter-to-quarter depending on when hardware IP is delivered. But there's nothing unusual in the profile in the second half other than that. And actually, the business is really doing really well. 
Gal Munda: Right. Yes, that makes sense. And yes, that's what I was thinking. And then the second one, you talked again about double-digit growth for this year now implied in the new guidance. Last year, we were virtually at that level as well. 
 How do we think about Synopsys as an effectively sustainable double-digit growth company now, especially if I'm thinking potentially Software Integrity ramping up growth a little bit and starts contributing incremental -- maybe a few bps of growth? Like is that a profile that you're happy with when you're kind of thinking about the midterm planning? 
Trac Pham: I want to be cautious about getting too specific about the numbers looking forward. But overall, what you're seeing in the results for this year and last year really is why we feel really optimistic about the future and why we have communicated our confidence in being able to drive the business towards a Rule of 45. And that's really going to come through a combination of really strong revenue growth and margin expansion.
 And so you've touched on it a little bit. You're seeing some really good acceleration in the business. And as Software Integrity ramps up and gets back to where we believe it's capable of operating at, that should help with the overall mix. But keep in mind, it's only 10% of the business. The overall growth rate is a reflection of what we're -- how well we're doing in EDA and IP as well. 
Gal Munda: Right. No, that's why I was thinking, right? It's 10%. So it's growing 5 to 10 points faster. Obviously, that's a nice contribution. Congrats again. 
Operator: Next, we're going to go to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Aart, let me ask you 2 related questions regarding the evolution of EDA and your markets. Tonight, you referred to a new era of EDA. We've heard similar remarks from you and others in the industry for some time now or silicon renaissance and so forth. The question is how that affects your business profile specifically with respect to services. That is to say as you move into this new era, does this tend to increase the kind of services and AE support that you necessarily have to provide to encompass or support this new era? And if so, what could be the margin implications of having to provide that incrementally higher degree of support? 
 Relatedly with respect to the next generation of chips, the domain-specific chips that you talked about now for actually 2 or 3 years, what does that mean during the design process in terms of license consumption? If we think about your model as now prospectively a kind of consumption model, as is often the case in simulation, do you think that the consumption or utilization intensity per design, per run, however you want to think about it, necessarily goes up? 
Aart de Geus: Well, I think your question brings sort of together everything that we would refer to as systemic complexity, meaning that, of course, chips continue to be more complex and bigger and more transistors. But been there, done that. And by the way, that will continue for a while. 
 What makes systemic complexity interesting is that you get multiple players intersecting. Suddenly you have companies that are sitting on these verticals that are highly interested in knowing how the chips will actually work because they write their own software, for example. And vice versa, the people providing chips are really interested. So what software does this car manufacturer really want to run on it that has to be really fast so that I can change the architecture of my chip to accommodate that? 
 And our role is interestingly broadened because we're sitting at the intersection of all of that. And you may recall that a number of years ago, under our logo, we literally put silicon to software. Well, that was essentially the summary at that time of this vision that there's a continuum that ultimately brings the power of chips to end users that have -- that are not really interested in chips, except that they need them to get smart outcomes. 
 And so when you move into that space, it's not so much that support is increasing but that there are new service opportunities as a number of new players initially may not know so much about these domains but they know a lot about their opportunity space and helping them connect is an opportunity that will continue to grow for us. And we will certainly be able to manage it so that, including with the tools, the profitability will be very reasonable or even good. 
 The second part of your question, which ties directly to this, is this notion of domain specific. And if I can take one example that is well understood and yet in its infancy, is automotive. And as you know, a number of years ago, a car started to think about this whole notion of autonomous driving or, at least at the beginning, defensive driving. And chip manufacturers quickly figured out that there may be a long-term big opportunity there, except automotive guys also have rules such as safety rules. And they've had those for a long, long time. 
 Some are simple. Some are becoming very complex. And certainly, what does it mean? Well, it means for companies such as Synopsys that we have a whole effort on the IP side and on the tool side to build in what's called FuSa, Functional Safety. And this is partially mandated by the automotive guys. Partially, it is being developed on the fly with the complexity. 
 And so these are great opportunities for us because our IP collection, we must have invested in Functional Safety, there for 5 or 6 years. It's an enormous amount of effort, but now that we have that, it's a great differentiation. And so I see our role to be very much a catalyst in the middle of these different factions that we all understand. And I think there will be more and more verticals that will engage suddenly at high speed and the race is on. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: Congratulations on the solid results. Trac, this question was asked a little bit earlier, but maybe I can ask it in a less politically correct way. I mean despite the beat and the raise, this is the quarter where the full year guide gives us some insight into the last quarter as well. And relative to that full year guide, you are kind of embedding a pretty -- a meaningful deceleration, if not in top line, in EPS. Is this nothing more than normal conservatism? Or are you really trying to signal that there's something bottoms-up that just makes Q4 a little bit softer this year than it might have been in other years? 
Trac Pham: No, not all. We're -- we don't see any deceleration in the business at all. In fact, it's quite the reverse. We feel really good about the momentum we have in the business. And that's reflected in the full year guide. 
 We've always cautioned that the quarter-on-quarter profile is going to move depending on what the profile of revenue is. And from a revenue perspective, I'm actually really, really pleased with how linear it is this year and the fact that we were able to get half -- almost half the business booked in the first half of the year. So it's a great profile with really good visibility. 
 We continue to ramp up hiring in the second half. And so you're going to see the expense profile go up. But as we're ramping up hiring in the second half, we're mindful of the trajectory and what it implies for our ability to continue to drive margin expansion over time. So we're very cognizant of that. 
 But no, there's nothing unusual to the profile. And I wouldn't characterize it as deceleration at all. I think right now, when you look at the year-over-year comparison, just keep in mind that last year was unusually back-end loaded. So it's going to skew the comparisons, particularly in the second half. 
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then, Aart, I want to go back to an earlier question about sort of the regionalization or domestication of semiconductor production. It's a clear benefit to the equipment ecosystem. But I'm trying to get a better understanding of what it means to the EDA ecosystem. 
 As existing foundries kind of move from region to region, is there sort of redundant or duplicative spend on the EDA, kind of question number one? And question number two, there's one big guy out there that's trying to reemerge as a foundry business from just an IDM. How does the EDA spend conceptually trend as they try to do that? 
Aart de Geus: Good question. So we touched manufacturing a little bit because we have a number of tools that are designed specifically under the topic of silicon engineering to help optimize circuitry and chips for manufacturing efficiency and yield. But you're absolutely right that most of the investments on sheer capacity don't touch us so much, except if people want to enter the business such as be in a foundry or go after specific segments of the market that they didn't go before. There, certainly our tools matter a great deal to help them get there. 
 In general though, when volume increases, with it, also the number of designs increases. And so the advances in sheer silicon technology and the number of designs are actually very positive at this point in time. And the fact that more people want to be in the manufacturing means that more people are also into the investment of R&D around the field. So at this point in time, it's all positive. 
John Pitzer: And then, Aart, if I could just take one more in. One thing that's kind of unique about this current semiconductor cycle is how tight trailing capacity is right now. And I'm just kind of curious, are you seeing any evidence that perhaps design activity on the trailing edge is picking up as customers are using some of this tightness in the near term to try to rethink about moving down node widths -- new line widths at maybe a faster rate than they've historically seen? Or how do you see kind of the TAM for that trailing edge market over the next several years? 
Aart de Geus: Well, it's an excellent question because some of the trailing edge manufacturing equipment has already gone up in terms of pricing as people try to get capacity wherever they can. But the other comment would be different foundries are sort of also focusing on different type nodes. Some focus mostly on the most advanced nodes. Other would be sort of in the middle field. And then the truly older trailing edge nodes, they're typically limited by the amount of capacity at 200-millimeter wafers. 
 What is interesting in the nodes that are maybe not the leading, leading edge but, let's say, 3, 4 years behind that, there, the application of the newer tools that we have actually has a lot of impact on those, too, because newer tools for older nodes still means a lot better design out of these older nodes. And so it actually gives them a bit of a second life from an efficiency point of view. And as you said, if people can do really well with nodes that have been well honed where the yield is high, the cost equation is very attractive. And we see, for example, one of our most advanced tools, Fusion Compiler, going back to older nodes with some of our customers with great delight. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Jason Celino from KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Jason Celino: Great. Aart, Trac, it seems like a pretty good demand environment for Emulation and Prototyping just across the board. But in the past, we've seen some customers gravitate towards the latest and greatest products here. One, is that still the case? And then two, if that is still the case, how does the new improvements to the ZeBu EP1 compare to some of the other announcements in the market? 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. So clearly, Emulation and Prototyping is increasing in value and importance in some parts of the tasks and especially for us in the task that has to do at this intersection of hardware and software. And there's no question whatsoever that, that is an area that will continue to grow. And we had mentioned in earlier conversation specialties for certain verticals. It's interesting that these are capabilities, Prototyping, that are of high interest in the automotive space, for example, because they start working on the software many, many years before a car is even fully conceived. And so being able to accelerate all of that is of high importance. 
 Now underneath that, there is invariably always the same demand, which is make it faster, make it faster. And that is what Emulation and Prototyping is all about. But it's also give it a larger capacity. And it's also are there certain tasks that you would like to accelerate such as the question of, "Well, if I write my software this way, how much power is it going to consume versus if I write it differently, will I be able to do better?" Well, those are specialty questions that we now are increasingly answering using Emulation and Prototyping. 
 On top of that, we're on the most advanced chips inside of our machines that are available. And so this ability to specialize and optimize for specific applications turns out to be extremely valuable, and we're doing very, very well with that. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities. 
Vivek Arya: I had 2 as well. The first one also about the growth in the business. So Aart, you mentioned a fair bit of improving engagement verticals such as autos coming back up. But when I look at your full year growth outlook of about 10%, it's about the same growth that you did in the last fiscal year. So my question is a more conceptual one. Why aren't your sales accelerating when semiconductor designs are getting more complex? 
 And when I look at the implied Q4 sales, they are basically flat year-on-year. So even if I ignore the quarter-to-quarter visibility -- or volatility, the full year sales are about the same level of growth as last year. Why aren't you seeing an acceleration in your sales growth? 
Aart de Geus: Well, the acceleration tends to come after the orders play themselves out through a multiyear ratable revenue recognition, for one. The other thing is actually, right now, I think we just increased our projection for you for the -- or guidance, I should say, towards the end of the year with a high degree of confidence that it is well on track. So we'll have to see where we ultimately land. 
 But there's no doubt that our objective is to move beyond the single digits to higher. We have just not changed our guidance at this point in time, and we will do that as we enter next year. But the message you should take away from everything we're saying is that right now, we feel that we have great opportunity to grow very well. 
Trac Pham: Vivek, I also -- this is Trac. I really want to caution you about looking at Q4, okay? Because remember, last year, Q4 was extraordinarily high because of the schedule of hardware and IP in Q4. And so that comparison is not going to be -- that comparison in Q4 is not a good indicator of the momentum of the business. 
Vivek Arya: Got it. And the next one is I'm curious, what's your level of exposure to all the AI start-ups? And do you see any kind of rationalization or shakeout in the number of start-ups? Because, right, in previous calls, Aart, you have mentioned the systems companies doing a fair bit of their own AI work, especially the hyperscalers. And then we have the large incumbents such as NVIDIA and others.
 Do you think that the industry can really afford to have so many smaller players going after this market when the cost of staying in semis is so high? So the basic question is that -- what is sort of your exposure to all the work that's being done by these AI start-ups? And do you see any kind of rationalization in that? 
Aart de Geus: Well, we're exposed extremely broadly to many, many, many AI companies. And yes, it is true that maybe as a little bit of a caricature, every single one of them is designing the best-ever AI chip. And on one hand, you can say, well, you know that will consolidate over time. On the other hand, you can say, no, this is exactly the behavior that you see in a very high promise, early phase of a product or technology development. And there's no doubt that a number of the more successful AI companies have already been acquired by larger companies. And lo and behold, 2 years later, you have someone -- the same people doing the next one. 
 And so I think we're in an extremely active phase of invention, development, finding end markets. And then over time, we'll also see that the AI itself is going to become more and more specialized to the verticals. So yes, there will be consolidation at some point in time. But the number of designers remain -- is certainly not declining when that happens. And we have actually done very well through exactly these type of phases where there's a lot of activity. 
Operator: And then our final question is going to come from the line of Pradeep Ramani from UBS. 
Pradeep Ramani: I had a couple. First, on China. Is the right way sort of to think about China as being -- contributing to roughly 12% to 13% of your revenues in the back half? Or do you see any sort of deceleration in the back half? I mean the comps are probably getting harder, but I just want a clarification around how investors can think about China. And I have a follow-up after that. 
Trac Pham: Pradeep, this is Trac. China continues to do very well for us. And we -- while we disclose China as a separate country, we don't guide to that or comment on the outlook by country. 
Pradeep Ramani: Okay. And for my follow-up, I guess, with respect to the Rule of 45, I mean, this year, you're going to be very close to 40. And your sort of semis margins are sort of already -- I mean this quarter were 33%. How should we think about sort of just the sustainability of margins in semis not just for in the back half but longer term within the 45% -- or the Rule of 45 kind of framework? 
Trac Pham: Okay. Let me try to explain it this way. The -- overall, we do see an opportunity to improve margins across the entire business. Really for us to drive to Rule of 45, it really is going to require everyone to contribute. And keep in mind that the semi business does represent 90% of the overall mix. And so that's going to contribute. 
 But I would circle back to the fact that it starts with growth. The reason why we do feel good about our ability to drive margins up in all areas of the business is that we're seeing really strong growth in the business. And that's going to help us effectively get more operating leverage and therefore drive margins up. 
Aart de Geus: If I can add to that. Fundamentally, we set our objective on the Rule of 40. We're obviously in striking distance to meet that. We even whispered to you Rule of 45, and that's obviously because that's what's coming next. We're -- I think we are reasonably well disciplined to make sure that, as Trac said, we focus on growth while increasing ops margin. And the 2 support each other. So if nothing else out of this earnings release, you should take away that I think we're well on track with our own plans and that everything we've communicated to you for the last few years, we're executing on. 
 I assume that this means that the meeting is over. In any case, thank you so much for participating today. And we hope that you and your family stay safe as hopefully the world is moving to rapid vaccination. Be well.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-02-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2021. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Laurie. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Art de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent Investor Presentation are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. Finally, we are again all participating from different locations today. Please forgive any delays, technology glitches or awkward handoffs in the Q&A session that occur as a result. Thank you very much for that. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. Q1 was a very good start to the year as we met or exceeded all of our guidance targets. Revenue was $970 million, with GAAP earnings per share of $1.03 and non-GAAP earnings above our target range at $1.52. The business was strong across all geographies and product groups. And for the year, we are reaffirming our guidance with low to mid-teens non-GAAP EPS growth, revenues surpassing the $4 billion milestone, non-GAAP operating margin of 29% to 30% and more than $1 billion in operating cash flow. Meanwhile, our markets are strong. Wherever one looks, be it at AI and machine learning, hyperscale-enabled cloud computing, 5G, next-generation automotive, massively connected IoT or software enhanced medical devices all require more chips and software. Chips to store and move huge amounts of IoT data through the cloud, chips for massive general compute and AI-driven smarts in every vertical end market, still more chips to tie these huge hardware-software systems seamlessly together and make them both secure and save and the escalating need for ever more secure software with embedded on an electronic system or in the enterprise software space. This is the center of gravity for Synopsys With our product portfolio that not only excel in advanced system-on-chip design, but reaches down into the critical foundation of silicon manufacturing and up to the intensifying needs of smart software, we are uniquely positioned at the heart of this opportunity space. It's quite rewarding to see the adoption and business momentum of the innovations we've introduced over the past several years and the enthusiasm around our further expansions into brand-new domains through our next wave of technology disruptions. Let me share some highlights, beginning with EDA. Our groundbreaking Fusion Design Platform continues to drive proliferation and competitive displacements, supporting strong revenue growth. This includes major expansions and evaluations at historical competitor strongholds. Customers clearly recognize our leadership at the most advanced nodes now down to 5- and 3-nanometer. Our Fusion Compiler product, specifically deliver superior performance, power and area results with numerous competitive wins and wide deployments with influential, high-impact semi and systems companies around the world, we see growing business momentum. Integral to our sustainable differentiation is native integration of our golden signoff product, which guarantees the most accurate and timely results. Our deep collaboration with foundries ensures that our mutual customers can access the most advanced technologies with well honed design flows. This quarter, for example, we announced the collaboration with Samsung Foundry to deliver the fastest design closure and signoff for five and three nanometers. We continue to also see good growth and momentum in custom. We again added several new Custom Compiler customers, including two in the wireless communications segment, also further inroads with memory companies who are adopting our complete end-to-end custom solution. A never-ending challenge in today's complex designs is verification not only of the chips, but also the intersection of the chips with the software that runs on top of them. Our verification continuing platform is uniquely powerful in this sweet spot of modern design and is driving strong growth. Adoptions are expanding rapidly at influential customers, ranging from leading hyperscalers to automotive to the most sophisticated global semis and systems companies. For example, AWS which utilizes our verification software to accelerate the development of data center chips and automotive supplier automotive for its autonomous driving applications. Strong demand continues for our market-leading hardware solutions. Just this quarter, we added 10 new customers and had 45 repeat orders. The power of our comprehensive design plus verification solution is evident in full portfolio adoption. This quarter, it included a global design services leader who adopted both Fusion and Verification platforms for highly complex designs, replacing their legacy tools. Now to IP, where we again delivered strong double-digit revenue growth. Outsourcing of sophisticated IP blocks continues unabated. Our track record of innovation, reliability and advanced node leadership have led to our number one position in interface, embedded memory and foundry-specific IP. We provide the broadest portfolio by far, accelerating time-to-market and reducing risk for our customers. This quarter, we continued to show strong momentum across multiple applications and products. In high-performance compute, which is one of the most dynamic segments today, our comprehensive IP portfolio has driven more than 450 wins in 7-nanometer and over 100 in 5-nanometer. We achieved silicon proof of our 112-gigabit Ethernet PHY on 5-nanometer, driving the leading-edge in this key product area. With the tremendous growth in Internet traffic, security is a big concern in protecting the data transfer in hyperscale cloud centers. This quarter, we launched the industry's first security IP modules for PCI Express 5.0 and CXL communication interfaces. We have already secured the first design win with a growing pipeline. Building on our lead and advanced technology, we released the first phases of our 3-nanometer foundation IP offerings. Building on our innovation and momentum in EDA and IP, we have invested in unique and breakthrough solutions to next-generation challenges that our customers face. We do this in close collaboration with ecosystem partners through a combination of R&D and technology acquisitions. While we have a number of these in our innovation pipeline, let me highlight three that we recently announced: one, 3D multi-die design; two, AI-driven design flows; and three, silicon life cycle management. Starting with 3D multi-die design. Think of it as combining and stacking multiple die together not on the board, but on a specialized large chip. This leads to extremely tight configuration with much higher data speed and bandwidth than with a traditional board and packages approach. Our new 3DIC Compiler product enables the design and analysis of these complex 3D systems, taking full advantage of our technical breadth by leveraging both Fusion Compiler and our signoff tools. Early momentum is building rapidly with expanding evaluations and adoptions. Designers are seeing the performance and capacity benefits of a single environment and are beginning to move away from older mix-and-match solutions. For example, 3DIC Compiler helped a large Asian semiconductor company complete a highly advanced test chip in record time, saving weeks of design time. With this, we also combined our high-bandwidth memory and die-to-die IP that enables interconnecting these complex systems. Moving next to AI-driven design. We have a breakthrough and already award-winning new solution, DSO.ai. DSO stands for Design Space Optimization. While maximizing the contribution of engineering teams, DSO.ai leverages machine learning techniques and computation to explore the design space for still better solutions in terms of chip performance, power and area. This autonomous search substantially accelerates the work of the human design team. Indeed, in Q1, customers using DSO.ai reported remarkable productivity improvements, consistently realizing better results in a fraction of the time and effort typically required. On top of that, multiple production tape-outs have recently been completed. Our customers are already holding DSO.ai as an anchor product and are beginning to deploy across their organizations. Finally, Silicon Lifecycle Management, a new platform to monitor, analyze and optimize chips as they are designed, manufactured, tested and deployed in the field. Synopsys is uniquely well equipped to provide a comprehensive solution through our long-standing expertise in design, manufacturing and IP. We add sensors, monitors and data analytics on chip to provide insight to test yield and reliability management tools. This gives smart visibility into critical performance, reliability, safety and security issues for chip's entire lifespan. In Q1, we expanded our capabilities with the acquisition of Moortec which provides leading-edge process, voltage and temperature sensors. Initial interest and activity are strong and expanding. We're in talks with a number of leading IDM and fabless customers. We're also engaged with major cloud service providers to deploy aspects of our solution into their platforms. These new innovation areas create not only new business growth opportunities they also leverage strong cross disciplinary expertise in Synopsys from design to manufacturing to IP. Now to Software Integrity, testing software code for security vulnerabilities and quality issues. We delivered a solid beginning to the year and are on track towards meeting our fiscal '21 goals to reaccelerate growth. As I mentioned in December, we have implemented several important enhancements, all showing encouraging progress. First, evolving our go-to-market strategy and customer success organization including tuning our sales coverage and building an indirect channel program; second, bolstering our strategic consulting capabilities to better serve growing market needs; and third, evolving our product road map to capitalize on the latest security trend. These improvements are beginning to show in our results. All geographies delivered at or above plan. We have numerous multimillion-dollar new agreements and sizable expansions with customers ranging from industrials and aerospace to electronics and financial services. The trend towards adoption of multiple products continues. Customer interest in a consulting-led approach to software security is growing. Recent publicized security breaches only underscore that need. Our expanded team is ramping up, and we see very good long-term opportunity. In addition, industry analysts continue to recognize the quality and breadth of our portfolio. Synopsys was again named a leader in the Forrester Wave for static application security testing. To summarize, Q1 was a very good start to the year. We delivered strong financial results and are reaffirming our outlook for fiscal Our markets are healthy as customer investment in critical chip and system designs as well as immense amounts of software remains very strong. Our differentiated portfolio of solutions including exciting innovations in brand-new areas of technology disruption is generating high demand and strong growth. Lastly, keep an eye out for our second annual corporate social responsibility report to be published in the next few weeks. We're proud of the progress we've made in the areas of environmental stewardship, social solidarity and corporate governance. We look forward to sharing with you our metrics and future objectives. With that, I'll turn it over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. We delivered a very strong start to the year and continue to execute well on our short- and long-term targets. We grew revenue broadly across all product groups and geographies. We reported non-GAAP earnings above our target range and continue to expand non-GAAP operating margin. We produced another quarter of robust collections, leading to a very strong cash flow, and we announced a $250 million repurchase in the quarter. Our strong start, market leadership and the resiliency of our business model with nearly 90% recurring revenue gives us the confidence to reiterate our 2021 financial targets. I'll now review our first quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We grew total revenue to $970 million, up 16% as design activity generally and demand for our products in particular remained high. The quarter also reflected the timing of some product shipments shifting forward into Q1. Semiconductor and System Design segment revenue was $878 million, with and System Design segment revenue was $878 million, with both EDA and IP performing well. Software Integrity segment revenue was $92 million, a solid start towards our full year objectives. Moving on to expenses. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $822 million. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $684 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 29.6%. Adjusted operating margin for Semiconductor & System Design was 31.8% as Software Integrity was 8.6%. Finally, GAAP earnings per share were $1.03, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.52. Turning to cash. We generated $174 million in operating cash flow, our highest first quarter operating cash flow to date driven by strong collections and a couple of large customer payments that came in early. We initiated a $250 million stock repurchase, consistent with our commitment to increasing buybacks this year. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.02 billion and total debt of $123 million. I'll now provide our guidance. We are reiterating a very solid outlook growth and profitability for the year. Revenue of $4 billion to $4.05 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $3.234 billion and $3.279 billion; total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $2.825 billion and $2.855 billion, a non-GAAP operating margin of 29% to 30%; Other income and expenses between minus $11 million and minus $7 million; of 60%; GAAP earnings of $4.29 to $4.45 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $6.23 to $6.3 per share; cash flow from operations of $1.2 to $1.3 billion, and capital expenditures of approximately $100 million. Now to the targets for the second quarter. Revenue between $970 million and $1 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $801 million and $819 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $697 million and $707 million, GAAP earnings of $0.93 and to $1.02 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $1.50 to $1.55 per share. As we announced in December, we are raising our long-term financial objective to manage to a Rule of 45 model over the next several years. We'll achieve this through a combination of solid revenue growth and non-GAAP operating margin expansion further beyond 30%. We're reiterating a strong outlook for the year and executing to our plan is an important step towards that objective. At the same time, we continue to work through our long-term planning process, and we'll provide additional details as we have in the past, once that process is complete. In conclusion, we delivered a very good start to the year. We drove double-digit revenue and earnings growth and generate strong cash flow. Our ongoing focus on managing the business for sustainable long-term growth has served us well. While steadily expanding profitability, we continue to invest in the critical next-generation technologies driving our customers' momentum. And we've prudently managed the strong cash flow we've generated through a balance of a balance of value-enhancing M&A and substantial buybacks. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mitch Steves: Hi, good afternoon, guys, so obviously, a good quarter here. I just had a couple of questions. The first one is actually just on the guidance. I've got a model that goes back pretty far. I realize you guys haven't missed a quarter in something like a decade. But I guess, historically, when you guys beat the first quarter and guide up the second quarter, you usually take out the full year lease by the magnitude of the beat. So I guess why is that not occurring this time? And then secondly, just in terms of the Software Integrity business, can you maybe provide us an update on kind of how you expect the margins to trend? I realize that last year is probably a difficult year in terms of getting new business, but how should that kind of trend through the year? So those are my tow questions.
Trac Pham: Okay. And Mitch, this is Trac. Let me take the first question with regards to the guidance for this full year, and we definitely feel very good about the outlook for the year, especially in light of the strong quarter that we just posted in Q1. Now that said, it's still early in the year, and there's still a lot of business to book. And our focus is making sure that we execute in the guidance for Q2 and ensuring that we are on track to deliver very good growth and earnings growth for the full year. We've got a strong Q2 ahead of us, and we'll focus on that, and we'll provide more color on the year when we report in May.
Aart de Geus: Regarding SIG, the good news is I think that we've made a number of changes where we are starting to see some of the positives. And for this year, our main objective was not so much to change the margins that to come back to growth rates that we can be more proud of. And so that is trending in the right direction. It's the first quarter, so it's a little early, but we're very encouraged. I'm also very encouraged because I can see and feel a change of tone in the team. I can see some very strong people have joined and so all of that is heading in the right direction. But as said, growth is our first objective because invariably, once growth does well, margin is much more manageable.
Trac Pham: Yes, I would add to Art's comment that it is a good start to the year. And as we resume growth in that business, over the long term, certainly, it's going to -- the leverage on that business is both a combination of very strong growth and margin expansion that should contribute to the overall margin story as well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Thanks for taking my question. Maybe for my first one for Trac. You mentioned a little bit of pull forward in the quarter, very solid beat, but maybe could you just quantify maybe what the amount and what products?
Trac Pham: Jason, it's mostly on the hardware side. We saw hardware was a little bit better than expected for the quarter. And then with regards to IP, we had some IP deals that were scheduled in Q3 that we saw in Q1. That was an element of the quarter. But for most part, the results in Q1 were a function of really good execution across the board, and you can see that in the mix of how we did geographically and also by the different products.
Jason Celino: Okay. And then for my follow-up, it looks like you've broken out China and it accelerated meaningfully in Q1 even from the whole year of last year. And even with limited data here, it seems to be kind of confirming your confidence in that China wasn't pulling. But I'm curious what specifically about Q1 versus maybe what you saw all of last year?
Aart de Geus: Well, in simple terms, China is growing well as a high-tech country. And so there are many customers that are all doing more and more chips that are doing more sophisticated chips and that rely on our tools to get essentially as a growing economy that will continue to do well for a number of years.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will be from the line of Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader: Art, you mentioned that the kind of recent breaches, specifically with solar wins has increased the awareness or the demand on consulting-led Software Integrity deals. But just curious on the product side, either from Tinfoil or the Black Duck products. Are these also seeing an increased demand? And is there anything that those products do specifically that might help this type of attack in the future?
Aart de Geus: Well, our business tends to be not so much in the diagnostic of issues and more in the prevention of them. Now some of the products that you mentioned are sort of on the boundary of that. And to be honest, I don't know if these had any bump-up. In general, I would say that these type of breaches initially go through almost like a panic phase where people just want to find out, have they been breached and so on. That is not the business that we are in. Then they go into the longer-term considerations, which is how do they make their environment much more solid. And that is precisely where our Software Integrity group is focused on. And more often than not, this is why sophisticated consulting is a value because there are so many different product offerings in the world and plotting a strategy that over the long-term makes the development of environment stronger actually requires some sophistication. And so, that is why we're trying to staff up further in those areas because we do see that it has impact.
Jackson Ader: Okay. Great. And then just a quick follow-up. Given the supply chain disruptions that we see in the automotive market, can track, can you just remind us how much of your maybe IP revenue is booked on royalties or product shipments? And should we expect to see any kind of headwinds from the automotive slowdown?
Trac Pham: Well, I'll start with the second part of the question. So far, we haven't seen a change in the momentum of the IP business. There's -- the IP business is pretty diversified. Obviously, automotive is a good segment and a good element of growth for that business. But so far, we're not seeing any impact in terms of the momentum that we've experienced over the last several years. With regards to the up-front mix, that's more a function of the fact that we switched over to 606 in 2019. And so you're going to see a little bit more up-front in the business, which will create more variability, but that's something that I think we've got some good experience over the last couple of years managing. So I don't see that as an issue. With regards to royalty, I don't have those numbers specifically in mind, but it tends to be a smaller portion of the overall revenue.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joseph Vruwink: I wanted to start. I was hoping to maybe get an update on where backlog finished the quarter. And relatedly, in recent quarters, you've been making some comments to suggest order trends being in line or better than your expectations. Just wondering, if we could maybe get an update on how new business, Trac, relative to your thinking at the story of the quarter.
Trac Pham: Joe, we backlog for the quarter ended at around $4.6 billion. And the bookings trend for the quarter was pretty much as planned. We did well in the quarter. Keep in mind that the backlog and the bookings will vary from quarter-to-quarter, depending on the large deals that are expected to be in that quarter. So it will vary. And what we typically emphasize more is looking at the quality of the deals that we closed in the quarter and whether or not run rate, what the trend on run rate was, and that was definitely higher this quarter.
Joseph Vruwink: Okay. That's helpful. And then are going back to the new product discussion between through the IC Compiler, DSO.ai and then SLM. Just wondering, over a mid-term framework, which of these things do you think has the potential to be more material to Synopsys performance? When you throw out DSO.ai becoming an anchor product for customers, are you demonstrating the type of PCA where that if we think a few years down the road, this is going to be a flagship like some of your other flagships? Or would you maybe point towards one of the other products in your discussion as being more influential to Synopsys revenues in the midterm?
Aart de Geus: Well, of course, every team at Synopsis has its own preferred one, meaning the one they're working on. But you're certainly very correct to say that DSO is of high potential because but DSO really applies to some of our other flagships. And in the case of design automation, it uses a Fusion Compiler and a number of the tools that go with it. And so, they're in light its power because if you can amend the human with machine learning-driven enhancements and acceleration, then it's very similar to what we literally did 30 years ago when we came in to the market with automatic synthesis, where the human did a lot of work and the synthesis became essentially a power tool for them. And so, I expect that we will see impact of that already this year and certainly next year. If we look at 3DIC, that will be a little bit more gradual, but it's very fundamental because as you well know, a lot of people had predicted the death of Moore's law. And by the way, it's far from dead, but it has slowed down. And what is so interesting, in my opinion, with 3DIC is that that is another way to adding substantial complexity where instead of doing it all on one chip, you can do multiple complex chips and connect them very closely together. So over time, this will grow in importance. And then Silicon Lifecycle Management is particularly interesting because the word life cycle is in there. And that would tend to say, well, the utilization will be over a longer time frame, but the interest turns out to be extremely high already now because people see that if we could put a variety of data sources and intelligence inside of the chip for self-diagnosis, that's going to be rapidly more and more important for all the places where chips are used on applications that could engage our human life. And of course, the car comes up as the first example for that, but robotics and a number of other areas, we'll have the same. And so, what -- from our perspective is exciting about this, these are also very much organic innovations may be amended with some small acquisitions. And it bodes well for sort of the speed in which we are creating new value, and that's an additional reason to emphasize it to you.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Good afternoon everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to want to ask kind of the, I guess, intangible type question to Art, and maybe you have a good answer, maybe you don't. But one of the things that we've been hearing from fabless chip companies as they're struggling to get access to adequate manufacturing capacity, in particular, leading-edge process nodes. Is that there really seems to be less of a hurry to develop the latest and greatest sub-5-nanometer chip? And so my question to you is, have you seen any slowdown or any feedback from customers indicative of perhaps a slower pace of design innovation in light of the capacity constraints the chip industry is seeing?
Aart de Geus: Okay. I do think I have a good answer for that. For starters, on the advanced nodes, we see none of that on the contrary. I think the race is fully on. A lot of companies understand that the impact of, let me call it, AI-enhanced computation is going to be enormous on a lot of end markets, and those are sophisticated chips. And a lot of people are essentially chasing that opportunity, all in the hope of having the best offering. And so, no slowdown as far as we can tell, and I emphasize in the preamble, the many new technologies we have precisely because that is of high appeal. I think part of the confusion around the capacity question comes from the fact that the automotive industry, which is hammered right now by essentially the lack of a few parts in order to ship a car, it's really quite pathetic because these are little parts And they hold back a high value product, is actually mostly in older technologies and in older manufacturing and so not even 300-millimeter but the smaller wafer sizes. And for those, there's not really an alternative because there's a limited number of these foundries. And sure, you could redesign these chips, but who wants to redesign these old chips just because right now, for a couple of months, you don't have enough parts. And so that is the picture that we see. I expect that, that will go away in a few months. But nonetheless, meanwhile, if you're caught in essentially the supply chain narrow spot, you can see the impact. And so over time, I think what we will see is that a number of companies will become more careful in saying, hey, if I have to move this design to a newer technology, I want to design it already now so that it's better documented and can be essentially remapped to a new technology.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Appreciate the thoughts there. As my follow-up, I want to pin you down a little bit pin you down on a little more detail related to Software Integrity. If I go back to your last earnings call, I think you guys were mentioning that perhaps you can generate 15% to 20% bookings growth in the current fiscal year, which would ultimately end up translating to that similar growth rate in the out-year let's call it, fiscal year '22. Just to pin you down here on that. Is that reaffirming today given the start of the year?
Trac Pham: Yes, Gary, that's what we're reiterating.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Art, let me start with you with a question concerning the breadth of growth in core EDA, then a follow-up for you, Trac. So for Art, it's been quite obvious for the last number of years that there's been a rejuvenation of growth in synthesis and as well in implementation for obviously benefiting you in those two areas. But industry data and just the logic of technology would suggest that there was a close correlation between synthesis and the usage of RTL simulation, where you're also a market leader and then similarly for implementation correlated to DFM and physical verification. The question therefore is, has the growth -- the better trajectory you've seen in both DC and implementation induced more rapid growth as well in those highly correlated technologies and products. And then for Trac, how are you thinking about your head count growth for the year in the context of your OpEx guidance for fiscal '21? At the end of the quarter, you had what appeared to be a record number of openings, equivalent to over 6% of head count. So maybe talk about how you're thinking about the rate of bringing people on. And then frankly, if you are having issues with availability, given the large numbers that you have in your open recs as do your two large competitors?
Aart de Geus: Okay. Jay, the question you're asking is complex because fundamentally, the picture that you're painting is a picture that started with individual tools and had long moved towards tools that are very correlated with each other and often used in tandem. And so a number of years ago, I point the term that we're moving from scale complexity more of the same to systemic complexity, which is more of the same plus heterogeneous demands and constraints all coming together. And so, if you take as I said of gravity like you did in synthesis and implementation and you look upward, you arrive at RTL, which is essentially a way to describe hardware, but RTL does very much look like a language, and that's not a surprise because right on top of that, sits software. And so we very much see a cone upward that's broadening where hardware and software and hardware-software together to be verified and optimized, and this is increasingly the case for all the large systems. And by the way, around the software for simulation, we added a variety of hardware accelerators such as emulation and prototyping. If you look downward, you mentioned DFM, which stands for design for manufacturing. And that is an absolutely correct term because the manufacturing, which was nicely isolated, somebody else was worried about the physics, as you go to smaller and smaller things, you have to worry about a lot of things when you design a chip. And so the connectivity down to the manufacturing has grown substantially, and we do ourselves way more there. But aside of manufacturing, I could have added the word test because we also do design for test. You have now heard the Silicon Lifecycle Management, which is sort of designing for what happens later. I could have added to word FUSA, functional safety because for all the cars, there are all kinds of rules that one has to follow, and we have actually a fabulous offering in that. That is, by the way, also manifested in the IP. And reliability is going to grow in importance as well for all of these products. So for a long time, we have always looked at this as the big picture. And the complexity of these intersections is actually one of the areas where Synopsys shines. And that's precisely why I mentioned in the preamble a few times that the benefit of the cross-discipline is something that where we can really add a lot of value to our customers. And I think that will continue.
Trac Pham: Hi, Jay, this is Trac. So I want to make sure I understand your question correctly. You're asking about head count growth and how that matches up with our expense guidance for the year and therefore, margin for the year, is that correct?
Jay Vleeschhouwer: More or less, yes, I mean you're clearly looking to bring on a large number of people. If you were to fill every one of your open positions today, would you stay within the range of OpEx guidance, for example?
Trac Pham: I don't want to comment about the rec itself, but in general -- generally speaking, the business. And that's consistent. The investment that we're making in the business is consistent with the goal of increasing margins to the 29% to 30% for this year. In addition to that, that investment is also related to our long-term goal of driving to the Rule of 40, 45, which is going to be making sure that we continue to grow the business over time and also expanding margins simultaneously, so the head count itself is really a commitment to a balanced commitment to drive growth and improve profitability.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Pradeep Ramani with UBS. Please go ahead.
Pradeep Ramani: I had a couple of questions on China. I mean, your revenue is growing 74%, I guess, year-over-year, but when I look at a company level, your time-based revenues are growing 13% to 14% year-over-year and up-front grew 15%, 16%. So I mean is my interpretation correct that with regards to the mix in China with respect to EDA or hardware or IP, it is more or less in line with your mix overall? Or are you sort of -- or is the mix sort of skewed more towards EDA or hardware both in terms of absolute revenue dollars and growth?
Aart de Geus: Well, let me take it from the product side. China, of course, came online, roughly speaking, 25 years after most of the west. And so when they entered the space of starting to do, let's say, significant chips, not the really small things, but of some meaning, right away, they entered with a design methodology that was more up-to-date than what some of the other companies use. And so that predicated from the start a substantial amount of IP being used in parallel to the advanced technologies. And so from that sense, the balance is slightly different than in the traditional west if I can call it that. At the same time, increasingly now all of these companies look the same to us be it China, be it in Korea or in Europe or in the U.S. All the ones that are driving the state of the art have to deal with the physics underneath have to deal with the software on top and have to deal with the sophistication of large IP blocks and substantial development capabilities. And so, while it was more different, maybe a decade or so ago, I think it is now more the same than it was before. And in hardware, I think it's sort of a very similar picture. The most advanced users are the people that are sitting at the intersection of hardware and software, and that is precisely where Synopsys shine.
Pradeep Ramani: Okay. And for my follow-up, I guess, if I look at your -- again, the China revenue, how do you think -- how are you looking at it in terms of -- as you progress through the rest of the year? I mean, do you get a sense that, obviously, it's going to grow faster than last year overall? Or are you sort of seeing the comps get harder in the back half and sort of de-selling a little bit?
Aart de Geus: Well, I would say last year was a strong year for us as well. And so in general, as you well know, the Chinese economy did actually grow in contrast to some of the western economies. The hope, of course, is that the west will start to grow as COVID gets hammer down more. But in general, there's no reason to believe that China will not continue to be a very live market for us. And in general, I would say, overall, everything touching chips and around it right now is doing well because of the overwhelming demand of all the end markets and the specialized verticals.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you and I have a follow-up question from Pradeep Ramani. One moment, Pradeep, your line is open. Did you have an additional question or should we move onto a next person in the queue? Okay, I am going to release that line. We're going to go next to the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Art, I'm curious, are you seeing more customers design with ARM technology in the PC and the server markets? How would you think about that trend now versus what it was in the last one or two years? Any way to kind of quantify whether it has gone up or down?
Aart de Geus: It's hard to quantify if there are more, but it is easy to quantify that they have progress, meaning that already a number of years ago, and it was more than two years ago, a number of people started to look at, is it possible to use ARM cores for -- in the surface space. And some have continued to try. Others have given up at that time. But now, there's definitely a small group that is looking at using the service actually in cloud environment. And I don't want to announce who these people are. Some have probably spoken publicly at this point in time. But that has followed a lot of hard work to make that possible. And now the question will be, are the economics and the capabilities sufficient to be a good counterweight to the x86 family of processes that are typically used in the cloud. So, it is well possible that we're actually going to see a further diversification of computation largely because cloud is not only the regular general purpose computation, but now we have specialized efforts, certainly, in everything dealing with big data and machine learning. And for that, clearly, a number of players have put processes on the market that are dedicated to that and are particularly fast for it. And so ARM fits into all of these categories that -- but so are a number of other people doing their specialized processes.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Very helpful. And then for my follow-up, Trac, just two clarifications, I think you mentioned somewhere that some shipments moved into Q1. I was wondering, how much did they impact sales and EPS? And part B of that is, you've given a full year outlook of about 10% or so growth at the midpoint, I believe. What is the implied growth in the Software Integrity part of your business as part of that 10% growth for the full year? Thank you.
Trac Pham: Okay. So the first part of the question is that -- I'm sorry, was...
Vivek Arya: The shipments moving into Q1, I recall you said something along those lines?
Trac Pham: Yes. There is some IP that should shift in Q1 that was originally planned for Q3, but overall, it was on a significant amount. Most of the quarter was really strong execution. With regards to the SIG, Software Integrity business, what we had commented on at the beginning of the year was that we expect to grow bookings by over -- in that 15% to 20% for the full year. And that with the time-based model that we have on revenue that we would exit the year at double-digit growth. But for the full year, we'll probably be in the high single digits. And so far, we are -- after Q1, we are on track for delivering that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: First one, Trac, just going back to the OpEx guide for the year, maybe another way to ask an earlier question, was there anything about the COVID environment that hindered your ability to actually bring people on board to actually accelerate growth in some of the markets like Software Integrity, such that if we get to a point where the vaccine is widely distributed and things open back up, you guys might take that opportunity to kind of reaccelerate OpEx for future growth? Or how do I think about the COVID dynamic within OpEx? And then I have a follow-up.
Trac Pham: Yes. Overall, I think we've done a pretty good job of bringing head count on and breaking people on board. As a matter of fact, you bring up the topic. We brought our general new general manager for the Software Integrity business on without ever physically meeting him. So, it's something that we're managing through and much like the rest of the business, we're just learning how to work remotely and adapting pretty well, I think. And I think that we'll continue to do that throughout the rest of the year and adjust as things free up or change with the health environment.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then, Art, as my follow-up, just in the core EDA business. I'm wondering if you could help me just better understand how the business is tracking between sort of some of the more traditional customers you've had in that business. Let's call it, the Intels, Qualcomms and Broadcoms of the world and maybe some of the more nontraditional customers, the hyperscale companies, we now have a very vibrant private semi market that we haven't had in years. I'm kind of curious that nontraditional bucket. How big is that now part of the core EDA business? And I'm assuming it's growing meaningfully faster, but can you help me differentiate?
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, first, I think your description fits well, the situation, meaning the traditional big players continue to invest heavily because they are chasing or driving, depending how you look at it, advanced technology, no matter what. Secondly, the hyperscalers are clearly continuing to see the opportunity to do more designs themselves to do more manufacturing, not so much manufacturing, but control where they get their own products from. And the one thing that's different about hyperscales versus other companies, they don't design chips to sell the chips. They design chips in order to use them in their own product offering. Having said that, a number of these companies have been successful already at doing that. Some have acquired small start-ups and some are literally growing their design teams and their experience to go with it as we speak. And so, it's a part of the market that is definitely on very good growth, I would say, probably twice as much as the rest. And then the other category, you call them start-ups, sometimes we also call them all AI companies or machine learning-ish companies because there are many companies around that and not that they all do AI processors, but there's a vibrant world that is essentially trying to change the future. And so only anything that is close to machine learning is super highly interested at the minimum, two things, which is compute very fast and compute with a lot of data. And once you say these words, you have to also say not using too much power because otherwise you fry the chips. And so, those are all good words for us because that means, they tend to immediately heads towards the most advanced IP, head towards the most advanced utilization of tools. And so that has also been a very good market for us. So, some of the AI guys get acquired by the traditional list. Some of the traditionals get acquired by the hyperscalers. It's a live market. And live is a good word in here because this is a field where advanced change in technology opens new doors at the very moment where there are a lot of opportunities.
John Pitzer: And Art, I know it's early, but is there any way to size that nontraditional bucket as a percent of revenue today?
Aart de Geus: Well, there is a way, but we don't do it for you, unfortunately. Sorry, we don't disclose the individual buckets. But I don't mean to be coy. I want to be very clear, I think hyperscalers, AI and a few other specialty areas are very good growth for us and are also very demanding, which is typically actually good for us because it drives angles of technology that will be meaningful. And while, for example, I did mention the whole automotive space because it tends to be a little behind on the most advanced technology, it is now looking very much forward precisely because of these needs of life cycle guarantees, reliability, functional safety, and a number of those concepts are very powerful and will, over time, I think, also make it back into the other groupings. So, I guess what I'm describing to you is a really live field, and our job is to find which ones of these customers are the nuggets and serve them as well as we can.
Operator: And with minutes remaining in our call, we'll take our last question in the queue from the line of Gal Munda with Berenberg Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Gal Munda: Thanks for taking at the end. Appreciate it. And the first question is just around the EDA growth that you're seeing. Clearly, above what we used to say is kind of sustainable growth of the market, and you're referring to some significant market share wins that you're taking. I was wondering if you're able to kind of separate what you're seeing in terms of what the market is growing as recently considering the fact that there's been an acceleration in the general market trends. And how much is the market share win as in addition to what you're growing at when you're growing close to the double digits?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think I'm always a little careful before commenting on competitors. And I do think that the overall market is actually strong as my response to the previous question. And so, I assume that all of us benefit from that. There's no question in my mind that in some of the advanced areas that we have focused on for the last few years and often communicated to you about, we are doing particularly well. And moreover, that we're building on top of that sort of next-generation capabilities that look very, very promising. So in that context, I assume that over time, we may gain some share. But this is always in the landscape that overall is positive, and we should continue to invest in these areas because now it's a good time for that.
Gal Munda: Got you. And then just the last one. Going back to China, and if I look at that revenue run rate that you're on right now implying -- if you just extrapolate that around $460 million-ish of without any sequential growth of revenue, which is significant. How much of this China revenue in general would you classify as recurring? Is it similar to what you have in the rest of the business, similar percentage? Or is it more specific?
Trac Pham: Overall, the business mix in China is very similar to total Synopsys. We've been able to do very well across the board.
Aart de Geus: Well, I guess, this brings us to the end of the hour. And so first and foremost, we hope that you and your families have been able to stay healthy and that in the light of coming vaccines, you have both the patience to protect yourself and get there as soon as possible. And also, thank you for your continued following of Synopsys. And for a number of you, we'll be following up in the next few hours in one-on-one calls. Be well.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our teleconference. Thank you for using the AT&T conferencing service and you may disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-12-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Rich. Good afternoon, everyone. Hosting the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at Synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. Finally, we are all again participating from different locations today, so please forgive any delays or technology glitches or awkward hand-off in the Q&A session that occur as a result. And with that I will turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I'm pleased to report another outstanding year for Synopsys. Despite unprecedented macro challenges, we built considerable financial, technology and customer momentum. We substantially exceeded our original plan with business strengthening through the year. We grew revenue nearly 10% to $3.685 billion, led by EDA software and IP, expanded non-GAAP operating margin by 3 percentage points, delivered more than 20% non-GAAP earnings growth and record cash flow of $991 million. Contributing to these very positive results were the new EDA and IP products we've introduced over the past few years. We expect to further build on this momentum with several groundbreaking technologies that we launched this year. In addition, our re-energized Software Integrity business is on its way to scaling to the next level and re-accelerating growth. About two years ago, we communicated a three-year financial plan to drive double-digit non-GAAP earnings growth through a combination of topline growth and operating margin expansion, to the high '20s by 2021. We achieved our initial ops margin target a year early and have consistently delivered high single-digit revenue growth. As we enter 2021, we expect to surpass $4 billion in revenue with non-GAAP operating margins of 29% to 30%, low to mid-teens non-GAAP EPS growth and more than $1 billion in operating cash flow. Beyond 2021, we will raise our ambition to a rule of 45 as we drive revenue growth and further operating margin expansion. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. Meanwhile, design activity remains strong across the board. Opportunities in key end markets such as AI and machine learning, high performance computing and cloud, 5G and automotive are massive as all drive increasing adoption of our advanced solutions at a time that Synopsys enjoys particularly strong differentiation. This includes ambitious companies such as AI start-ups and cloud hyperscalers as they position themselves to leverage big data generated by the billions of cloud connected IoT devices. They need a trusted partner who not only has the most advanced high-impact products today but complete solutions capable of scaling well beyond the traditional demands of Moore's Law into the powerful intersection of hardware and software. Let me provide some highlights. In EDA, our unrelenting innovation push in digital design has strengthened our longstanding market leadership. More than 95% of advanced designs today rely on our Fusion Design Platform and over the past year, revenue growth has accelerated. In particular, we continue to see strong adoption momentum for our Fusion Compiler product, the industry's premier digital design solution. Fusion Compiler significantly exceeded its orders targets increasing 140% in 2020. The progression from technical benchmarks to competitive wins, to growing orders and production proliferation is trending even better than we anticipated. We've seen widespread adoption from customers ranging from the largest global communications processor and graphics firms to high-impact cloud hyperscalers to influential system houses and AI start-ups. For our customers, production deployment yielded excellent results as evidenced by five times the number of tape-outs in FY20 compared to last year and for us a rapidly growing pipeline across many market segments. The Fusion technology foundation also dovetails exceptionally well with the challenges inherent in the next wave of chip and system design. Specifically, Synopsys is addressing new term opportunities in AI-driven design flows, in 3D multi-chip design and in the new area of silicon lifecycle management. Let me start with our DSO.ai product, where DSO stands for Design Space Optimization. Our combination of Fusion and AI learns and automatically adjusts and optimizes design exploration for both better results and faster time to market. With this, design teams can also tackle larger blocks and more projects, thus focusing on more value-added tasks. Even in this early stage, the power and potential of DSO.ai is being widely recognized as it received a 2020 World Electronics Achievement Award for innovative product of the year. Next is our extremely timely 3DIC Compiler solution. This disruptive technology that enables the design and analysis of multiple die together on a chip. At the very moment that system architects are augmenting traditional chip complexity by connecting multiple chips very tightly together, our 3DIC product provides far better performance and capacity than conventional disaggregated chip and package approaches. Finally, we launched the industry's first silicon lifecycle management platform just last month. On chip sensors and monitors feed into data analytics engine integrated with leading test and yield management. This provides visibility into critical performance, reliability, and security issues for the entirety of chip's lifespan from design to in-field operation. Early customer interest in all of these new solutions is very high. Turning to custom design, momentum for our Custom Compiler product Accelerated with more than 30 new logos and 15 plus full flow competitive displacements during the year. This resulted in over 50% revenue growth. Having seen the power of our innovations targeting advanced FinFET designs, a number of the highest impact semiconductor and systems companies are putting their trust in us. Let me now move to our Verification Continuum Platform, which combines market leading anchor products into a seamless, high efficiency solution with a complexity increase of intersecting chip systems and software, the need for verification continues to rise. Our number one market share position in both software and hardware puts us at the center of this wave as we continue to innovate aggressively in state-of-the-art native integration of the fastest engines. Contributing to our solid growth on the software side, our influential high profile customers ranging from hyperscalers to AI to automotive and mobile. Our hardware-based verification products are totally focused on unmatched speed, highest capacity, lowest cost of ownership and lowest power consumption for high complexity designs. Building on our record year in 2019, in 2020 we again expanded our customer base, adding more than 50 new customers and well over 100 repeat orders. This includes major expansions at some of the world's largest semiconductor and systems companies. Now to IP, where strong market demand for our rich portfolio drove another record year, growing approximately 20% to more than $900 million in revenue. Our strength is broad based across all regions and key market segments particularly high performance compute, cloud and networking, AI and automotive. In automotive, momentum continued in 2020 as we have achieved more than 400 wins on advanced processes across more than 30 major semiconductor companies. An area of particular automotive strength is our ARC processor. This year we extended our lead in automotive qualified title by delivering the industry's first processor certified for full ISO26262 Automotive Safety Integrity Level D compliance. We also broadened our portfolio introducing DSP, high-performance embedded vision and a 64-bit processor family. As the undisputed leader in interface IP, we continue to see very strong adoption of generation upon generation of important titles including PCI Express, memory interfaces and MIPI which had an exceptional year. In USB, we extended our leadership by introducing the industry's first USB4 IP. We also saw continued traction in very high-speed 30s with multiple 56 and 112 gig wins. Building on our lead in foundation IP, we extended our portfolio to include specialty memories used in AI and cloud compute and general purpose IOs which had an excellent year. Finally, our track record of being first to market with IP and advanced process nodes continues and is highly valued by our customers. We announced the full portfolio of 5-nanometer IP with multiple silicon proof points including our industry leading PCE - PCIe 5.0 and USB4 solutions. With already more than 50 5-nanometer design wins, we started development of next-generation 3-nanometer products targeting high-end mobile and high performance compute. Now to Software integrity, testing software code for security vulnerabilities and quality issues. This area contributed approximately 10% of our revenue. The market opportunity is vast with the need to address critical security challenges steadily increasing in importance. As the industry leader with the broadest portfolio of products and services available today, we are well positioned to serve this growing space. Over the past several years, we have successfully expanded our customer base with enterprise companies now representing about 75% of revenue. In 2020, we saw an increasing number of customers adopting multiple products and services, leveraging our broad portfolio. An important example is a Fortune 100 technology, industrial and aerospace conglomerate. The depth and breadth of our products and services allow them to consolidate from multiple vendors to Synopsys, while significantly expanding their investment and user base. Having said that, software integrity is one area that saw an impact from COVID as well as some near term operational transitions. Our new General Manager hit the ground running a little over three months ago and has already made significant enhancements in three areas. First, we evolved our go-to-market strategy and customer success organization to better address and serve new and existing customers. This includes timing our sales coverage and building an indirect sales channel. Second, we are bolstering our strategic consulting capabilities and third, we are evolving our product road map to capitalize on security trends in DevOps and cloud adoption. The recent moves are encouraging and we expect to see continued progress towards ending the year with re-accelerated growth. We are very optimistic about the long-term opportunity as we work to scale past the $0.5 billion mark mix. In summary, we're entering 2021 with significant momentum. Market demand is strong, fueled by complex technologies and a multitude of high-profile verticals. Our innovation engine continues to deliver advanced capabilities as our product offering is increasing in differentiation while seeing strong adoption. Financially we're executing very well and raising our long-term ambition. Thank you to our dedicated employees who quickly and effectively adapted to unprecedented challenges this year and to our customers and partners for their commitment and support. With that, I'll turn it over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. 2020 was another excellent year. We reported record results in all key metrics, including revenue, non-GAAP EPS and operating cash flow. We finished the year well ahead of our initial expectations. Our ongoing financial success reflects a dynamic end market, our portfolio of best in class solutions, our resilient business model with nearly 90% recurring revenue and our determined execution. We're entering 2021 well positioned to exceed $4 billion in annual revenue and further expand non-GAAP operating margin. As a result, we are on track to deliver strong double-digit non-GAAP earnings growth and more than $1 billion in operating cash flow. I'll now review our full-year 2020 results. We generated total revenue of $3.685 billion, up nearly 10% over the prior year with strength across all geographies. Backlog grew approximately $500 million during the year to $4.9 billion. Total consolidated GAAP costs and expenses were $3.065 billion and total non-GAAP cost and expenses were $2.654 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 28%. GAAP earnings per share were $4.27 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $5.55, up nearly 22% over the prior year. Semiconductor and System Design segment revenue was $3.3 billion with particular strength in EDA software and IP. Adjusted operating margin was 30%. Software Integrity segment revenue was $358 million with adjusted operating margin of 11%. While Software Integrity results were affected by COVID and our near-term operational transition, we are enthusiastic about the dynamic market and our leading industry position. Our long-term objective remains to grow software Integrity in the 15% to 20% range, exceeding market growth as we and the industry evolves. We believe operating margin can reach or exceed our corporate average over time. For 2021, as our operational adjustments take hold, we expect business levels to ramp throughout the year and to achieve 15% to 20% orders growth for the full year. Revenue will feather in over time due to our time-based model, our objective is to exit the year with double-digit growth in Q4 with the full year in the high single-digit range then accelerate in 2022. We increased the level of internal investments in 2021 as we implement our adjustments and we intend to resume margin expansion in 2022. Turning to cash, operating cash flow for the year was a record $991 million reflecting our strong results as well as robust collections. We ended the year with a cash balance of $1.2 billion with total debt of $128 million. During the year, we completed buybacks of $242 million. At this time, we expect to increase our total buyback in 2021 versus 2020. Now to guidance, which assumes there are no changes to the current Entity List restrictions. For fiscal 2021, revenue of $4.0 billion to $4.05 billion, total GAAP cost and expenses between $3.226 billion and $3.271 billion, total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $2.825 billion and 2.855 billion, a non-GAAP operating margin of 29% to 30%, other income and expenses between minus 11 million and minus 7 million. Non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%, GAAP earnings of $4.39 to $4.54 per share. Non-GAAP earnings of $6.23 to $6.30 per share. Cash flow from operations of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion and capital expenditures of approximately $100 million. Now to the targets for the first quarter, revenue between $935 million and $965 million, total GAAP cost and expenses between $767 million and $785 million, total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $674 million and $684 million. GAAP earnings of $1.05 to $1.16 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $1.44 to $1.49 per share. Longer term, we are raising our financial objectives. We intend to manage to a rule of 45 over the next several years through a combination of solid revenue growth and continued operating margin expansion beyond 30%. In conclusion, we enter 2021 with excellent momentum, reflecting strong markets we serve, the resiliency of our business model and the outstanding execution of our team. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will start the Q&A with Rich Valera with Needham. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Congratulations on delivering some really solid results in challenging conditions this year. And with that you finished off the year with another really strong quarter in Asia-Pac second quarter in a row and I'm guessing China was a factor in that and one of the concerns that's raised is that maybe some of that business is being pulled forward for various reasons, but just wanted to get your thoughts on the strength out of Asia-Pac in particular China and if you guys have any concerns about maybe some of that business having been pulled forward and what that implies for next year.
Aart de Geus: Thank you, Rich. It was indeed a very good year and China definitely contributed substantially. In general Asia-Pac overall was very, very strong. We have no indication of pull-forward from China. Obviously, there's always questions around that, but nothing really out of the ordinary except the fact that we had very strong business with also quite a number of additional new customers.
Rich Valera: Just a follow-up on the SI business, are there any sort of green shoots you can point to, at this point. I know you've made a lot of nice sort of organizational and structural changes. Are you seeing anything on kind of the bookings pipeline or funnel that might show some of those are actually starting to have an impact?
Aart de Geus: We cannot say that yet because Jason Schmitt, the new GM has been there for just about 100 days. He has made already a lot of very good changes, specifically on the whole go-to-market side where we have been able, I think, to optimize much better. So as indicated, our expectation is that through this year we will gradually see the growth rate accelerate again because the business is fundamentally actually the right thing at the right time. And so I think as our execution improves, we will see the results probably fairly quickly.
Operator: We'll now go to the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: So, Aart, first question for you is based on the news we got out of Intel this summer, little hiccup with a node transition. So, just a bigger broader question, what is the impact to you in the EDA industry when a large customer stalls out a bit on node transition. I know that they'll redesign at the current node for a while, but just in general what - how does that impact EDA?
Aart de Geus: Well, Tom. As you know, I never comment about individual customers, but one of the things that we know well for many decades is if anybody at any point in time stumbles a bit or gets ahead, the race is on among everybody. And at this point in time, I think all the companies that aspire to be at the leading edge in technology are investing and moving very fast to move the ball forward. Now, this is not just because they want to be first in line with the technology. It's that the demand of the market is very high. So it's not only do you have the latest node, it's also can you deliver in volume with the right level of yield because the production rates are pretty high. So, to us this is all good news. It is a good news because we see a strong wave of new designs, the new designs are very much aimed at the latest technologies. So people are taking advantage of that. And in parallel to this, the fact of continuation of, let me call it Moore's Law classic, we also see more and more customers now very actively looking at multi-chip or multi-chiplets in a design. And so I think the hunger for more capability is insatiable.
Tom Diffely: Great, thanks.
Trac Pham: This is Trac, I just want to add that you're going to see this in the 10-K in a couple of weeks that will highlight that we continue to do very well at Intel and our business there has grown in 2020.
Tom Diffely: Okay, great.
Trac Pham: To reiterate Aart's point.
Tom Diffely: Yes, that makes sense. And then, Trac, I guess in the comments transcript you talked a bit about you the Software Integrity and putting in an indirect sales channel, is that a different sales line - sales approach than before and is that going to have any impact on the margin or profitability?
Aart de Geus: If I may chime in. I think I may have misspoken about the indirect sales channel, it is really a parallel utilization of a channel that typically goes to a large companies that actually help install things at our customers and so it's really sort of working more closely with the existing ecosystem and not really a different sales channels.
Tom Diffely: Okay, great, thanks for the clarification.
Aart de Geus: Yes, sorry, I got in the middle of almost cough and started to misspeak, my apologies.
Operator: We'll now go over to the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: I wanted to start with the cash flow outlook for next year. It's quite strong and a pretty nice step-up, can you maybe provide a bit of a bridge, other than just the improvement in net income and the reduction in CapEx that factors into the improvement in cash conversion next year?
Trac Pham: The two things you highlight are really the biggest contributor, the fact that we are growing up income and reducing our CapEx spend. The other thing I'll highlight is over the last couple of years, as mentioned, we've had some unusual one-time events that has hit us and we've always described that heading into 2021 things will start to normalize a bit with regards to one-time adjustments, whether it's tax related or legal settlement related or build out of our facilities. But going back to the point, the biggest parts of the fact that we are driving margin expansion up in '21 that's contributing to the strong cash flows.
Joe Vruwink: And then it's a really strong improvement in backlog at year end. Nice to see the acceleration. I'm wondering if you could maybe help decompose some of the bigger contributors, I'm sure there is quite a bit contributing, but if I kind of step back and thank it probably helps the broader environment seems to be improving now and in terms of R&D activity accelerating until next year. So I'm sure that helps across the portfolio. But in terms of any of the individual product contributors, is it really just increased momentum behind or some of the things you called out in your prepared remarks. So things like Fusion and Verification continuum, anything else you maybe point to as being also extra good here at year-end?
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, if I were to find a common denominator among all of those things it is the adoption of advanced technologies and the reason for that is that the race is so much on in everything that has to do with big data be it from transport to storage and of course, especially to computation i.e., various forms of machine learning et cetera that people want to adopt the most advanced technologies. In order to do that, they really need to have the most advanced tools and Fusion Compiler is really doing terrifically well. We can see the benefits, our customers see that and it's in broad deployment. But the other thing is the building blocks and the building blocks are IP blocks and those IP blocks with the advanced nodes are becoming more and more difficult to do for many of our customers or just economically, not all that viable if they do it themselves. And we are absolutely ready for the most advanced nodes as they come out and so those are the areas that stand out. The last one I would just highlight is that with all these systems that use more and more and more transistors these transistors have one mission in life, which is have software run on it, and so the intersection between hardware and software, which we often refer to as prototyping overall is also very healthy.
Trac Pham: You're right. I would also add that it's great to have $4.9 billion a backlog and have that certainty and the visibility to the future, it does reflect the broad based strength that Aart described, but more importantly, I think the more critical measure for us is run rate and that was up pretty substantially for the quarter and the year as well, which is the one thing that we are more encouraged by when we look at the key metrics for our business.
Operator: We'll now go to the line of Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mitch Steves: Just wanted to double-click a little bit on the operating margin implied guidance here. When I look at the EPS growth, it looks like you're implying around 12% or 13% that will be kind of the lowest you have put up over the last four years, five years or so. Just looking at with the cost performance, Just curious as to why the incremental margin driving for '21 be lower relative to the last three years or so.
Aart de Geus: Yes the margins there I think is very constructive, we're driving margins up between one to two points and remember that this is coming half way what I consider pretty extraordinary year, right, both in terms of strong revenue growth and margin improvement. At this point, this is the best visibility that we have in the business and I think it's a pretty constructive outlook for growth, profitability, as well as margin, as well as cash flows. So, pretty strong outlook for the year and we feel pretty good about it at this point.
Mitch Steves: And then just on the Software Integrity business, is there any sort of update you can give us, like the long-term trajectory there. I know you guys moved over a lot of the sales people and kind of the strategy there. Maybe you can put up a big picture as to what that should look like over the next few years or so?
Aart de Geus: Sure. So aside of the go-to-market improvements and accelerations in some areas, there are two other things that we look at. One is to increase our consulting capabilities because there is demand for that and they have a big impact on how well the rest of the business does. And secondly, on the product side, sort of a double focus - focus on one hand of making sure that each one of our individual products increase more and more their differentiation, because they do battle with a lot of small companies and simultaneously that the overall platform really becomes more and more integrated because there is a lot of demand from the larger companies to be able to look at their overall risk management picture as it applies to software and the more we can provide multiple tools that are integrated in that can jointly report on the status that is very helpful to the CSOs or heads of IT that are typically in charge of that.
Operator: We'll now go to the line of Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. One moment please. Go ahead, Mr. Ader. Your line is open now.
Jackson Ader: Just on the growth in Fusion. I think you mentioned it was like 140% growth in orders, is that order count and is that also I mean our ASPs basically coming in line with what you'd expected. So total contract value is also exceeding our expectations with Fusion Compiler?
Aart de Geus: Yes. Fusion is doing very well in every dimension. And as you know, this was a long road to get - it's not only a product, but it's a whole platform to get it to really - to the point that certainly has crossed the bridge, where it became markedly differentiated versus any competition and we see that not only with Fusion Compiler as the core product which, for those of you not familiar does both synthesis and place and route, but also has embedded in it, timing and power and testing a number of other things. In other words, it's intersection of many things that you look for on a design. It is also the linchpin for brand new products such as 3DIC, also connected very well to the Silicon lifecycle management capabilities and so in many ways, we feel that we have literally entered now the next decade of being able to build on that backbone that we have invested in for quite a number of years and so both the technical stats, the booking stats and the revenue stats are all looking very encouraging.
Jackson Ader: And then a Financial follow up, time based license - time based licenses actually came down sequentially. That's a pretty rare phenomenon. In fact it doesn't, it's not like it never happens, but in a fourth quarter, I think it's even rare then another quarters. So anything that that we should be aware of just in the mix between time-based and services?
Trac Pham: No. Jackson, there's really nothing unusual there and over time the time base is pretty steady, but from quarter to quarter. You'll see it be a little bit more volatile given the timing of contracts and would get added or falls off, so it's really nothing unusual in the business.
Operator: We'll now go to the line of Gal Munda with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Gal Munda: The first one, the team is just around China, if I had my calculation right based on your in the disclosure, you grew about 30% this year, even more than that. I guess I'm trying to look a few years out and this now represents low teens in your revenue as a proportion of total revenues - we've seen that it can reach - if it continues to grow that rate, it could be up to kind of high teens, is that something that you would expect to happen in the long term, especially considering your comment earlier that you have been really seeing fourth quarter that this is a structural growth, the way you see it?
Trac Pham: Well, as you know, the Chinese economy has rebounded post COVID, but in general, is in a phase of growth where technology is important to where the country is going and we see many new companies entering the fray for chip design and other areas that we can provide them with tools with and of course, we see many of the companies that have now a number of years under their belt designing much more sophisticated chips. So, I expect that to continue for a long, long, long time. And when you say a decade it doesn't faze me at all, on the contrary, I think that's absolutely what's going to happen. And so our job will be to service that market as well as we can, because it's a great opportunity. Now, I would add to that that the countries around China are doing quite well also and so the whole Asia environment is absolutely moving forward on technology and we have - we're thankful that we have very good connection and in all these countries, be it ranging from Korea, Taiwan, but also Japan that is rebounding somewhat with the China phenomenon.
Gal Munda: And then the second one, I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the margin itself. If I look at the incremental margins, you guys have achieved this year, it's been quite remarkable around 60%. Your higher-end of the guidance kind of implies 45% for next year, is that really a reflection of the fact that perhaps COVID situation made it a little bit of a - little bit of more inexpensive year this year and some of the investments might come back just generally in terms of the hiring and so and it's 40% something that you feel comfortable kind of than achieving on an ongoing basis as we move past FY21?
Aart de Geus: Yes, Gal, So I would say that you're right. With regard to COVID. We did get some benefit of COVID in 2020. So, and that was from most of the year and as we look at 2021, we do expect things to sort of stay that way for the first half, but we do expect some resumption of normal activities, so that's a bit of a drag on margins. But overall, as we've said, we are expecting to drive margins up this year. With regards to the question regarding incremental margins, we'll have more to say throughout the year because we're in the process of further refining our next multiyear financial plan. But if you think about the objective of rule of 45 and the idea of driving really strong growth while expanding margins towards a rule of 45, you're going to see pretty healthy income, incremental margin improvements year-over-year. So we'll have like I say what I to more specific details to provide as we progress in the year.
Operator: We'll now go to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Aart, let me start with you on the Silicon lifecycle management strategy and platform. When we look at the stack of that platform as you depicted at your design symposium a couple of months ago, it looks like they would seem to be some logical connections that you could make between that and core EDA and/or perhaps even SIG, so perhaps talk about what your plans might be with the roadmap might be for connecting SLM to one or both of the remainder of the businesses. And then for Trac, to clarify on your comment earlier about business with your largest customer. I assume you meant in dollars, not necessarily as a percentage of revenue, but given the extent of the decline of that business in 2019 versus 2018 in dollars, could you say whether you've got back to the 2018 level or not in 2020?
Aart de Geus: Jay, you opened a very big box with silicon lifecycle management because there are multiple entry points to that and one of the entry points that sort of obvious and actually have been asked for many years, is for chips that are in the midst of a situation that could be life threatening i.e., in charge of a car or the brake system of a car, so you really would like to know, is the chip still working. And if the answer is no, you really want to know what to do with that answer or how do you stop the car or whatever you have to do. And so that is already the first example where for a number of years, people have started to put different mechanism inside of a chip via test connections to know is something is broken, is the software still running correctly or are there heat situations and so on. And so from there to go to the notion of, well, why don't we start to add some additional sensors and by the way, sensors are very little things. So you can easily find a corner somewhere to put them in, that brings very quickly the next question, well, why don't we then take some data inside of the chip and can we make the decision of the chips that works inside of it, with other words can you have some machine learning that gets interpreted inside of the chip. In contrast to say, all we can now read out a lot of this data from the chip that comes from these sensors and use external learning or external interpretation of the data, so that we can make better chips going forward. And so I'm trying to just give you a little bit of a visceral sense that the minute you put observation points in anything but certainly on the inside of a chip and you have a way to either bring the data out or use it on site, so to speak, all kinds of new doors open up and that is why this is exciting, because on one hand, you could say, well, nothing new here on the other hand, you'd say there is a lot of new here and a lot new opportunity and specifically the AI that can be applied with it. So hopefully that gives you little bit of a sense that the opportunity space is very big. The good news is we are in a leading position with our test capability, so we have good connectors there, we have a very strong machine learning capabilities, we can use that and by the way our own IP has already use a number of these type of mechanisms for a number of years. So technically we know what to do.
Trac Pham: Jay, this is Trac. So on your question, you're right. Thanks for clarifying that the - the dollar revenues at our largest customer is up this year. I know that you like reading our K. So I don't want to give away too much. That's going to come out in a couple of weeks and we can see the details of that relative to the prior years. Okay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Just a quick follow-up if I may. I don't think you used the word record to talk about either hardware or IP revenues for the quarter, but certainly for hardware, it looks like you had a record quarter and possibly for IP as well, if you could clarify those.
Trac Pham: We had a really good year, good year for good quarter and good year for hardware and it was down slightly versus a record year in 2019. But nonetheless, a really strong revenue year for us and same thing with IP. IP, I want to, yes it actually is a record year for us. Overall.
Operator: We will now go to the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: As the first one going into the introduction of the rule of 45 a little bit, how much of achieving this call is based on the same business being higher margin than the corporate average?
Trac Pham: I think for most part, Jason, we'll provide more details throughout the year. As I said, because where we are in the midst of developing that multi-year view, but for us to continue to drive margins north of 30 a lot of it's going to come from the rest of the business, the 90% of business that is driving the growth and profitability. Our longer-term there - as we said, pretty consistently. There's nothing structural about Software Integrity that would prevent it from converging towards the corporate margins, but that's a bit, but some time out. In the next few years as we think about it, a lot of it is going to come across and some of that's going to continue - but I'd say that a large portion will continue to be driven by the semi business.
Jason Celino: Okay. And then…
Aart de Geus: I would add that throughout the company, everybody understands presently our objective of the rule of 45 and so it really applies to all of the businesses to do their best to move in that direction, but SIG is only about 10% of Synopsys, now it's a high potential 10% and so your conjecture that it will need to both grow and improve its margin is absolutely true, but for the numbers that we or the direction we're indicating to you we think that we have a number of engines that are doing quite well.
Jason Celino: And then one to your core quick one, 20% growth in the IP business, I think that's what you mentioned in the prepared remarks, widely understood the tailwind for the design starts and outsourcing, but what are you seeing on the competitive side, any competitive changes on the IP side?
Aart de Geus: No, not really. There are number of other companies that provide either very specialized capabilities and I could mention Arm as actually very good partner to Synopsys, and then we have some direct competitors that compete on some of the blocks that we do, and in general, if the market is competitive that's actually a good sign that there is opportunity for growth and doing more. I think we will all be very busy because we think that there is a lot of market demand and I think it will increase. I think Synopsys is particularly well placed because increasingly IP is very much a trust business, these things are very complex and somewhat tongue in cheek, I've often said that it's a little bit like organ transplants, you want to make really sure that you're getting some very good quality solutions into your chip because otherwise it causes all kinds of other issues. And so it is very much a trust business, and I think Synopsys is doing very well in that regard.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. I think you have given us nice sales growth number for next year about just over 9%. I was hoping if you could give us some relative indication of growth in the different segments. And I think, Aart, in your prepared remarks, I thought you said growth acceleration from 2022 and I'm not sure whether you meant just in the SIG business or whether you were talking about the overall company growth rate.
Aart de Geus: Well, let me start with that part, what I meant, at that point in time, I was talking about SIG because obviously SIG is lower than our intent and our expectations and so the changes that we've made, I think, are all in the direction to vitalize specifically the go-to-market function and really align better the product consulting and go to market. Three steps for bigger business. So I was talking about that part of Synopsys accelerating back to where it should be. For the rest of the company, I think we're doing very well. I must say that it's very difficult to predict what 2021 will look like in general, there is high hope that as you heard in second half of the year, not only the Far East will do better from an economic point of view but also Europe and the US with the coming about of vaccines, but it's not a simple situation. Having said that, I think the semiconductor segment and the technologies around that are almost immune to that part of the economy because the needs are so high and many of the very things that got started on the COVID, such as the work from home, such as the massive communication, the massive amounts of data being used are just going to continue to be accelerated themselves.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And so my follow-up. We are starting to see Arm expand into new markets Max and other high-performance markets in the datacenter, even supercomputing. Is that a net positive for you or does it just cannibalize your presence in the x86 market?
Aart de Geus: No, no. Well, we ourselves are not in the x86 market, we provide all the building blocks around these key processes, right. And so if that part of the market wants to go accelerate themselves through a massive foot, right. By all means go at it because acceleration in general tends to use more technology and newer technologies and so I don't want to handicap any of the players. These are all very, very, very competent and great companies. But I think that's the applicability of various forms of cloud computing is broadening and what we're going to see is that, there will be more and more specialty areas, not only in general processing but various applications of course of graphics processors, but let's not forget, we are serving 200 or so companies all doing the best ever AI chip and these are all specialized computation machines that will - many of those will be very valuable for certain specific applications. So there is no slowdown by any means here.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Pradeep Ramani with UBS. Please go ahead.
Pradeep Ramani: First I guess is for Trac. Can you sort of help us shape the year in terms of how the revenues is going to be weighted, first half versus second half and on the margin front it's almost feels, if my math is correct, Most of the upside in margin is going to come from your semiconductor SSD business basically, is that correct or am I kind of missing something there?
Aart de Geus: You're right, Pradeep. I'll start with the second part of that the where the margin expansion is coming from for 21 specifically, given that we will make some additional investments in software integrity to get it on to re-accelerate growth, you'll see more of that margin improvement being driven by the semi business. With regards to the quarterly profile, it's certainly going to be a better profile this year than what we saw in 2020. Closer to fairly even but still a strong second half.
Pradeep Ramani: And for my follow-up actually when I look at Arm from a different angle, do you feel that customers are sort of indicating greater interest in ARC or simply because of the uncertainty around Arm situation and is that a positive for you guys. And maybe did ARC actually grow - is that, is it growing faster than your other IP business.
Aart de Geus: Well, I don't really want to comment too much about Arm as they are a strong partner. I would say that there are many different applications for different types of processors and we have never really competed with Arm in its main area, which has been very much the strong processes for mobility that are driven at the low power level in order to work well in affordable form. And so we do an enormous number of what we do - our customers do an enormous number of the Arm cores with our tools, I should say, and we drive them as hard as we possibly can. ARC has done particularly well in super low power situations or in a number of specialty areas, we have the processors just suited to build particularly well and automotive is one of those areas because there is all kinds of other requirements around automotive that have to be followed very strictly. And as we put a major effort in quality overall and in quality specifically for automotive, we paid attention for ARC specifically and that's why it's doing well.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: I had two of them One, Aart, I just wanted to - first question on IP business, you kind of mentioned on the IP side like building IP blocks is getting more difficult to advanced nodes to your customers. Is there a beta quantify what the percentage of outsourced IT blogs too the EDA companies growth at like let's say 28 or 20-nanometer and what is it today like 5-nanometer, is there a way to quantify the percentage? And then I have a follow-up.
Aart de Geus: Well, to be honest, there is probably a very good way to quantify it, but I cannot do that live for you here because I don't have the credibility. I would have to talk to the people in the IP group. Generically though, I can absolutely say that 28-nanometer feels like a long, long, long, long time ago and at that point in time, we were probably in the 20% or 30% of outsourcing. Now, we are much higher. But what has really changed is that the complexity of the blocks since that time. There is certain blocks especially all these big controller and communication interfaces, they have become particularly tough to do and they are exactly in the area where maybe some customers could do it themselves, why would they because they are often standard and being better than a standard is the same as being worse than a standard, you're not the standard. And so I think that has benefited our taking on more and more of the area on chips. If you add to that the fact that there is a large, large number of embedded memory that covers a large swathe of a chip as well. So from that perspective, we keep moving up in the percentage of what we do but what we do itself is moving up in its complexity and in its transistor density on an ongoing basis and I think that's why this business is very healthy, it is likely to continue to grow well, and we will be very close to the differentiation side of our customers.
Krish Sankar: And then just as a follow-up. It's a longer term question, in the past when customer consolidation happens within your semiconductor customers is like Avago, Broadcom, et cetera, there is a view that it's going to be negative for EDA companies which did not happen, but also at the same time the EDA companies also consolidated, so therefore your customers rented the bigger supplier. Now, when I look forward like there's still a lot of semi M&A is left to be done with future customer consolidation, there seems like lot of the tailwind of the supplier consolidation, so do you feel like that could make a difference in the future or you think it that it would difference R&D going to be spent.
Aart de Geus: Well, it's a good question, because many, many years ago you recall it well every time that the word M&A in your customer base came up. It sounds like a four-letter-word and actually it wasn't because the one thing that doesn't disappear are the very designers that are being M&A around, so to speak. And so from that perspective, it didn't harm EDA and IP businesses as much as initially expected. Secondly, you're absolutely correct that we have done a certain amount of consolidation in our market largely to actually stay as critical mass in order to be able to afford the amount of R&D needed for all of these new capabilities. Now I think in our core technology, we are very well equipped to do these things ourselves and invest in it, but on the sort of what's sitting at the boundary between existing Sam and new Tom, there are lot of new opportunities that are opening up. And so if you take for example the Silicon Lifecycle Management, we have acquired some capabilities, we are developing a lot of capabilities ourselves, but it's a new territory. It's a new town, maybe a little hard to describe how big it will be, but the promise is extremely good. And so from that perspective, I think we will grow with our customer base in aggregate. And I think that our customer base is doing well because they are at the center of what will drive the technologies over the next decade. So we will race with them.
Operator: And with that we have exhausted the Q&A queue, please continue.
Aart de Geus: Well, with that, thank you so much for participating today. We hope, of course, that all of you have stayed healthy within your family and yourself. It's not always been an easy time for everybody, but we appreciate the very fact that many of you have stayed in contact with us through the entire year. We look forward to 2021 with momentum and we hope that that momentum also includes your health and your wellbeing. We look forward to talk to you soon again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-08-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2020. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Lazarus, and good afternoon, everyone. Hosting the call today are, Aart de Geus, Chairman and co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at Synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. Finally, we are all again participating from different locations today. Please forgive any delays, or technology glitches or awkward handoffs in the Q&A session that might occur as a result. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. Synopsys continues to execute very well and delivered record revenue, non-GAAP earnings, and cash flow in the third quarter. Revenue was $964 million, with GAAP earnings per share of $1.62, non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.74, and $399 million of operating cash flow. Revenue growth was strong across all product groups and geographies.  Orders were greater than our internal plan, with particular strength in EDA software. We also continued to make excellent progress on our margin expansion goals. As a result of this overachievement and broad-based strength, we are raising fiscal 2020 revenue, operating margin, non-GAAP earnings and cash flow targets. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. Our excellent results and confidence reflect product differentiation and technical strength, bolstered by an intense, multi-year innovation push, and high demand for our advanced solutions. We’re progressing rapidly towards crossing the $4 billion revenue milestone, while simultaneously increasing bottom-line value through continued operating margin expansion.  Even as the world navigates through the pandemic, a slowing economy and geopolitical uncertainty, the market in which we operate remains robust. Global design activity and customer engagements are flourishing driven by unrelenting complexity of chip and system design under both fabless and vertically integrated strategies. Growing segments such as AI, 5G, high-performance compute, cloud, and the proliferation of Smart Everything are especially strong for Synopsys. As a result of extensive technology investments, our product platforms are the best they’ve ever been. Take AI, for example: In addition to being a leading provider to this market, we, ourselves, apply AI and machine learning throughout our portfolio. The results are excellent. Our new DSO.ai product announced last quarter is just the latest example of machine-learning directly benefitting our customers’ time-to-market. With that backdrop, let me provide some highlights from the quarter, beginning with EDA. We delivered double-digit revenue growth, driven by both design and verification software. In digital design, our intense multi-year innovation push is bearing fruit with accelerated product adoption and revenue growth across our Fusion Design Platform. Most notably, our Fusion Compiler product continues to win benchmarks and drive increased competitive displacements that solidify plan-of-record status.  When we announced this ground-breaking new solution about eighteen months ago, we expected it to be highly differentiating and deliver great results. Quarter-by-quarter, this has proven to be true as customers are consistently realizing the best results with lowest runtime.  Consequently, the adoption rate in production design is accelerating, especially in new projects and for the most advanced process nodes that require this high level of integration. In this quarter alone, we literally saw a doubling of tape-outs. Proliferation momentum is broad across many different markets, ranging from very large global semis specializing in automotive and communication chips; to promising AI startups; and notably a microprocessor leader who is expanding Fusion Compiler usage as plan-of-record across next-generation projects. The Fusion vision and impact extend well beyond Fusion Compiler. For example, our industry-gold standard signoff, which is used in approximately 95% of all advanced designs today, is highly integrated with Fusion Compiler and throughout the entire flow. Another dimension of continuous innovation is cloud enablement. Our collaboration with industry leaders Microsoft and TSMC has delivered cloud-enabled signoff products showing dramatically higher throughputs and 2X savings on cloud computing resources. Let me now turn to custom design, which again grew by double-digits. We continue to secure full flow competitive displacements, with multiple high-profile, advanced customers choosing Synopsys. Panasonic, for example, adopted our full-flow custom design platform for its analog, mixed-signal, and RF design.  We also have a record number of new evaluations underway. These include several traditional analog companies, as well as the advanced node customers we have historically been close to. Moving now to our Verification Continuum platform, where significant technology innovation sustains our market share leadership. Verification software growth continues unabated, reflecting tight integration of the fastest engines on the market infused with multi-core, machine-learning, and cloud technologies. Contributing substantially to this growth are large influential cloud hyperscalers and global systems companies. The power of VCS’ performance and throughput also led to key competitive displacements in the AI and security IP verticals.  Hardware-based verification continues to perform well. Differentiated by unmatched speed, high reliability, easy installation, and maintenance and lower cost of ownership, we’re the solution of choice for complex hardware/software designs. In Q3 alone, we continued to broaden our customer base, adding 11 new hardware customers and more than 25 repeat orders, ranging from the largest systems and semiconductor companies in the world, to high-impact AI chip designers, hyperscalers, and automotive suppliers. One example is Fuji Xerox, where our ZeBu emulation accelerated development of an advanced multifunction printer chip by two months. We expect to deliver another strong year for hardware. Be it in Design or in Verification, the completeness and strength of our EDA portfolio is key to many important ecosystem partnerships and collaborations. During the quarter, we extended our strategic teamwork with Arm to help accelerate design and verification of Arm-based designs for our mutual customers.  Also, Synopsys was selected as a prime contractor for the government’s DARPA Automatic Implementation of Secure Silicon program. Synopsys will collaborate with researchers from commercial, academic, and defense leaders to increase security of the semiconductor supply chain.  Now to IP, which again delivered outstanding results with record revenue in the quarter, contributing to what we expect will be another year of excellent growth. Our success is driven by high market demand and an unrivaled portfolio.  Specifically, Synopsys has the broadest set of critical IP for today’s most dynamic verticals, a longstanding track record of high reliability and quality, and early availability of titles at the key advanced manufacturing processes. This quarter, we saw especially strong momentum in both interface and foundation IP. Bolstering our market-leading interface portfolio, we introduced the industry’s first complete USB4 IP solution, production-ready for advanced 5-nanometer processes.  With a record orders quarter, we also further extended our lead in foundation IP – which includes critical embedded memories and advanced logic libraries. In the automotive space, which continues its design investment even during the current revenue downturn, our years of investment are driving continued success with our ARC processors. Perhaps the hardest vertical in the current Covid era is high-performance compute. Widespread work-from-home environments mean greater need for huge amounts of servers, GPUs, AI accelerators, data centers, and enterprise storage. For Synopsys, it drives significant IP demand for protocols such as PCI Express, 112G Ethernet and DDR. Nvidia, for example, selected our advanced DDR PHY IP for its high-performance cloud computing networking chips for multiple processes, including 7nanometer. We had multiple design wins for our new 112G high-speed SerDes offerings.  And meanwhile, we taped out our full IP portfolio for high-performance compute in the 5nanometer process, which brings me to Software Integrity, which delivered double-digit revenue growth in the quarter. Orders remained softer than plan, as we navigate Covid-related delays and our ongoing field adjustments. Our long-term value proposition and market opportunity are very compelling. The need for security and quality testing is high, as the impact of a breach is immense.  The breadth and roadmap of our portfolio are well-suited for evolving DevSecOps requirements. We have the broadest portfolio of key products that we are integrating onto a cloud-native platform, while our strategic consulting services are an important differentiator to enable high-level, value-added engagements. This business has grown to roughly $350 million in annual revenue, with expanding profitability. As we’ve mentioned in the past several quarters, our ambition is to now scale to our next objective of $500 million to $1 billion. We’ve made good progress, ramping up consulting sales and support to better serve large enterprise companies, and upgrading our systems to enable faster, more nimble engagements. In Q3, we saw an increasing number of customers who want to move from a disparate collection of individual tools to vendors who can deliver multiple products. We signed nine new Polaris Platform agreements this quarter; and we saw customers replacing incumbent point tools. For example, an expanded agreement with a large U.S. software provider and a new engagement with a global hospitality company. Two weeks ago, we also welcomed our new General Manager, Jason Schmitt, to help drive the business to the next level of impact. In his 20-plus years of security industry experience, Jason has scaled or managed sizeable security businesses, both inside a large organization and most recently as CEO of a successful startup. Jason has hit the ground running and has begun to implement his 90-day plan. Our team is eager to move into this next phase. As we head into the final quarter of this eventful year, we are already planning for next year and beyond. A key element of that planning is another announcement we made today. We are promoting Sassine Ghazi to Chief Operating Officer. As most of you know, Sassine has led the Design Group for the past three-and-a-half years. During that time, he has made a great impact on our innovation focus and capabilities, accelerating development of market-changing new products that are now seeing excellent momentum and revenue growth. With experience that spans R&D, customer support, sales management and corporate leadership, he is the right person at the right time with the right team to help solidify and increase our momentum even more. With accelerated innovation across the board, complemented by execution excellence, we look forward to growing Synopsys well beyond $4 billion in revenue, while further expanding profitability. In summary, our compelling new products and strong execution resulted in outstanding, and record, third quarter results. We are raising our annual guidance for revenue, operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share and operating cash flow. Design activity is robust and expected to remain so for the foreseeable future.  The momentum of our technology innovation is palpable and resonating very well with customers and we are well-on-track to reaching the financial objectives we communicated last year. We thank all our employees for an outstanding quarter under challenging global conditions.  Trac will now highlight the financial perspective.
Trac Pham : Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. Q3 was an outstanding quarter, with record revenue, non-GAAP earnings, and cash flow. Orders were ahead of plan and business growth was very strong. Our ongoing success reflects robust end-market demand, technology strength and momentum, and our focused execution. In addition, our solid financial foundation of nearly 90% recurring revenue and sizable non-cancellable backlog positions us well for variability in the environment around us. These dynamics provide us with the confidence to raise guidance for the full year. Now to our third quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $964 million, with double-digit growth in each of our product groups and strength across all geographies. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $871 million, an increase of 13%, while Software Integrity segment revenue was $93 million, up 12%. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $754 million, and total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $641 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 33.6%. By segment, adjusted operating margin was 35.4% for Semiconductor & System Design and 15.8% for Software Integrity. As expected, margins are higher in the second half of the year due to the quarterly profile of revenue. Based on our top-line overachievement and ongoing expense management, we now expect a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 28% for the year. Wrapping up the income statement, GAAP earnings per share were $1.62, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.74. Turning to cash, we generated a total - a record $399 million in total operating cash flow. Our balance sheet is very strong. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.05 billion, and total debt of $131 million. Now to guidance, which continues to assume that the current Entity List restrictions remain in place for the remainder of the year. For fiscal year 2020, our targets are: revenue of $3.66 billion to $3.69 billion; Total GAAP costs and expenses between $3.04 billion and $3.06 billion; Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $2.645 billion and $2.655 billion resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 28%; GAAP earnings of $4.10 to $4.21 per share; Non-GAAP earnings of $5.48 to $5.53 per share; Cash flow from operations of approximately $900 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $170 million. Now to the targets for the fourth quarter: Revenue between $1 billion and $1.03 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $802 million and $822 million; Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $717 million and $727 million; GAAP earnings of $1.10 to $1.21 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $1.51 to $1.56 per share. Based on our strong outlook for the year, I realize there will be questions about 2021. Over the last two years, we’ve expanded operating margin by six points through a combination of strong revenue growth and excellent expense management.  Having said that, there are some one-time expense savings this year that we need to contemplate and factor into our 2021 outlook. Therefore, we would suggest that it’s premature to update your 2021 estimates at this time. As is our normal practice, we’re in the process of finalizing our budget and will provide our outlook when we report in early December.  I will, however, reiterate our general multi-year objectives: high-single-digit revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margin expansion to the high 20s in 2021 in the 30% range longer-term, double-digit non-GAAP earnings growth, and strong cash flow. In conclusion, we delivered a record quarter across our key metrics. Based on our strong results year-to-date, and our solid outlook for Q4, we are raising our targets for the year.  Finally, I’d like to thank our team for their commitment to our business and customers during these unusual and often trying times. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead. 
Tom Diffely : Yes. Good afternoon. So, wanted to jump on the upside that we saw during the quarter. It looks – big drivers there, is that true and is that kind of the growth I guess, the upside from what your expectations were going into the quarter?
Aart de Geus: Sir, we missed the part of your question. Would you mind repeating that please? 
Tom Diffely : Sure. Yes. So, I am just looking at what drove the incremental upside during the quarter, and it looked like maybe a combination of just really strong IP and Asia Pacific, maybe China as the two big drivers that were unexpected when the quarter began. But just curious if that’s true and what in your view were the big drivers? 
Aart de Geus: So, what you said is all true. But on top of that, the EDA part was also quite strong. And I think that is been the result of the innovation that we’ve done for a number of years and you may recall that we introduced some new products last year that now are really starting to see rapid growth in utilization. But overall, it was really pretty much across the board that we saw strength, and certainly IP stood out, but I would say, all of Asia was strong. 
Tom Diffely : Okay. And then, when you look at the orders themselves, you said the orders came in ahead of plan, similar profile to the strength that we saw in the revenue during the quarter? 
Aart de Geus: Yes, Tim, again emphasis on EDA has been particularly strong. 
Tom Diffely : Okay. And then just finally a quick, maybe technical question, the recent acquisition Qualtera, what is post-silicon optimization? 
Aart de Geus: More and more as silicon enters places where human life is involved, such as cars for example, but also robotics and so on, it becomes important for the silicon to be able to self diagnose if it’s still working. So just imagine, sitting in your car and one of the chip says, hey, I am not working quite well anymore, better start parking the car.  Well, in order to do that, you need to put all kinds of things on a chip that can then diagnose itself, I am still okay, I am still okay, I am still okay until it’s not, and of course we hope that’s never the case, but those are the capabilities that we are aiming at. 
Tom Diffely : It’s interesting. Alright. Well, thank you for your time. 
Aart de Geus: You are welcome. 
Operator: Next we go to the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead. I am sorry the line is open now. Joe Vruwink with Baird. Your line is open.
Joe Vruwink : Yes. Can you hear me? 
Aart de Geus: Now we can. 
Trac Pham: Yes.
Joe Vruwink : Okay. Perfect. Hope you all are doing well. Aart, I’d be curious just given some of the headlines that have come out with your customers recently on just changes in strategic direction, maybe developments in technology trends as the chip industry, it moves new advanced processes. Given the nature of EDA and the proximity to your customers, are some of these developments necessarily a surprise?  Would you have, perhaps thought just given the direction of certain customers and trends that there was a certain inevitability behind some of the technology updates we’ve heard over recent months? And then if all of that is perhaps true, how is the Synopsys portfolio maybe positioned to capitalize on some of the current events we are all hearing and reading about? 
Aart de Geus: Well, there is many, many events right now. And at the base level, fundamentally the quest for a faster, cheaper, lower power chips is unabated, unabated largely because the amount of computation continues to grow massively. So that means, there is a lot of opportunity for many providers. If you throw on top of that AI capabilities, now the desire for compute is even more extreme.  Now, having said that, there are a variety of technology developments that continue and technology developments are never quite linear, meaning the new silicon technologies get pushed towards dimensions that are so small, that is a certain degree of uncertainty. Every time somebody introduces a new note and what we see more often out is that the first introduction gets some results and then there is a second version and a third version.  But in aggregate, that push forward is still very, very fast. And we have seen this back and forth many, many times. Now there is one more trend that I would like to signal although that I don’t think it’s massively big yet, but I think it’s important is that more and more providers are now looking at doing multiple chips not just in a package, but literally sitting on top of other chips to bring them in high proximity.  This used to be called in the late 90s and early 2000 more than more referring to Moore's Law, meaning it’s not just more transistors on a chip, but it is actually multiple chips really squeezed together maximally, also referred to as 3D IC. And so, this is a trend that – what’s sort of difficult for a long time, because it’s difficult to do technically and now it’s only we see it’s growing very rapidly.  And all of that tells me that AI is starting to drive the architectures, because AI has a lot of data. And so, you want to bring the data as close as possible to the processing. And those efforts are massively moving forward right now. So, I see we have a lot of opportunities frankly. 
Joe Vruwink : That’s great. And if I could…
Trac Pham: Can I just add that in general, I think the points you raised and Aart provided are very thoughtful commentary on the technology, but a practical business perspective, what you are seeing our results to-date is the fact that despite the macro environment, the design activity continues to be really strong, and I wouldn’t necessarily associate manufacturing challenges with any impact on design, because ultimately that’s what drives our business and that’s been very healthy year-to-date. 
Joe Vruwink : Great. And Trac, if I can follow-up with one question, just in regards to the implied operating margins in Q4 relative to the very strong levels you saw in Q3. Is that a function of intended product mix? Is it a function of just timing of certain incremental investments, just any thoughts there? 
Trac Pham: It’s a combination of the few things. The variability of the margin is really a combination of the fact that the outlook for the year is really strong. And so, you are seeing a bit of a true up in general comp expenses in Q4. There is some impact of mix related to hardware and IP. And then, lastly, we’ll continue to prudently add to our headcount. But again, that is a normal transition. 
Joe Vruwink : Very good. Thank you both very much.
Aart de Geus: You are welcome. 
Trac Pham: Welcome. 
Operator: Next we go to the line of Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Mitch Steves : Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Really up to you, so first kind of addressing the server market, again, there has been a lot of changes over there and potentially or may become a more viable solution long-term. So my question is really just, if we draw parallels between what happened in mobile when that started to take off, and we assume, just I will make the assumption that the server environment becomes more competitive, would the EDA space see ASP increases and additional demand?  And if so, why would that be or why wouldn’t that be the case if we have more different server chips coming out in the market over the next few years? 
Aart de Geus: Well, it’s an interesting question. And the first part is an obvious positive, which is more servers is good for our market, because even if this completion among the providers they all going to race forward to high performance and low power and high density. But the second observation, the second thing I think you alluded to is also interesting, which is there will be more diversity in the type of computations.  And so, a variety of accelerations are going to make their way more and more into the cloud and that includes of course, all kinds of different AI algorithms. And because these things are so compute hungry, they are all going to be get optimized for some aspects that is of particularly high value.  So, if nothing else, I think the whole compute space itself will have many providers with many different chips and both the word many and the word different are really good for Synopsys, because they all need to be optimized and designed and verified and tested. 
Mitch Steves : Okay. Yes. My second one is just on the software integrity business. So, it’s actually starting to turn up a bit year-over-year growth. So I am just curious, maybe you can give us an update on how the sales process is working there? I know you guys have hired a bunch of new people et cetera.  But maybe you could talk about win rates, I think that’s probably the more relevant item, because if that was possible for you guys to win some of your talents because they are trying to divide it, but can you maybe update us on what the win rate look like and how confident you are getting that back kind of mid-teens to potentially 20% growth long-term again? 
Aart de Geus: Well, so there is two aspects. One is I think the situation over the last few quarters has been a low murky just because the attention of people on these types of tools has been lower than it was before. I think that will come back, I think pretty substantially as the market now has stabilized and as people will come back to having to be defensive about their chips.  The second aspect is much more internal. We grew the company or that part of the company very, very fast. We pushed very hard on ops margin last year and we came to the conclusion that we needed to do a bit of a reset in terms of how we are managing this and how do we scale all of the processes. That includes the field processes, it also includes how we look at integrations and the clear focus for the platform.  And it’s in that context that we are really very enthusiastic about Jason joining, because he brings an experience base that we didn’t have there in the past. And therefore, we can see that in a matter of a couple of quarters, I expect that we’ll see the impact of – just some corrections that we are making in that business unit.  The initial reactions have been very, very positive. And I must say, having interacted with him I can immediately see that there is a degree of competence that will benefit us greatly as the business itself was actually in a very good position. And as you’ve seen a good quarter, but it’s not as good as we wanted to be. So, there is work to be done. 
Mitch Steves : Okay. Thank you. 
Aart de Geus: You are welcome. 
Operator: So, question is from the line of Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Jackson Ader : Great. Thanks for taking my questions guys. First one, without discussing any customer in particular, I think people are curious, what impacts does manufacturing have on your customer relationships? When I say customers, which is their fabrication provider for that?
Aart de Geus: Sure. We touch manufacturing in many places. The most profound place with some customers, we are very involved in the actual niche of development of their process to create advanced transistors, because we have the capability to simulate those before they get billed. From there we move up in terms of helping customers create what are essentially the descriptions of their process, so that, it can be linked to the design tools and we are very proficient in that.  And this is the area where you see constant change, even a new process gets introduced, a matter of a month or two later their modifications, because people are constantly driving not so much to performance of the process anymore, but the yield, meaning initially the early chips don’t yield very well, and then they yield better and better and better over time.  And so, we are involved in that. Where our engagements grows very, very rapidly is right after that, which is making sure that our tools intersect well with the process, with other words that our tools bring the best out of the manufacturing process. But the same can be said identically for our IP meaning that we provide building blocks that get highly optimized for the different processes and as we go to smaller and smaller geometries, this is more and more differentiated and difficult task.  And difficult is actually good for us because Synopsys is uniquely competent at that. As we then move to yet an higher level, as people design chips, we of course assist the different design companies with how they design their circuits in light of the processes that we know very well. So, and then, probably the last level where that intersects that these chips have to also be tested and different testing techniques get used for different silicon technologies.  So, it’s another way of saying that we are both the connector and a buffer throughout the entire design flow and complexity flow. And the experience that we bring helps at any level make up for some of the shortcomings that invariably happen. And I am not pointing fingers at any of those levels, just all substantially challenging stuff to do.  And so, our support teams help people bridge towards the new nodes on a constant basis. And so, the fact that you see a time sort of disruptions or accelerations in silicon development is a very natural phenomenon in silicon design for the last twenty years. The fact that these things are very large investments is of course always of concern, because one hopes to get high yield as soon as possible, but invariably it just takes time for that to have them.  In all cases, we are involved to the point that it is beneficial to us to support many different silicon nodes for many different vendors. And at the end of the day, it’s the end-customer the semiconductor chip designers that design which nodes they will be using. And of course, we listened carefully to them. 
Trac Pham: Hey, Jackson, this is Trac. Independent of the manufacturing challenges that are at the demand for our tools continues to be very strong, because in the end, it’s about the technical challenges at designing those chips, but if you are manufacturing it in-house or outsourcing it.  And we are very optimistic about our business considering where our portfolio is. And the fact that we continue to see really good demand for our products. So, that’s – it’s an useful item that where we are seeing affected our business. 
Jackson Ader : Got you. Awesome. Thanks for the additional color. A quick follow-up Aart on Design Compiler and IC Compiler, they are kind of two main components of the Fusion platform. Are you seeing much demand at all for the individual process on a standalone basis? Or is it have we turned the corner towards the platform demand? 
Aart de Geus: You know, weirdly enough the answer is, yes and yes. And so, let me start with Fusion Compiler. I think it’s doing terrifically well and we do see that a lot of the future will be heading in that direction as the results are just very, very compelling.  At the same time, it’s completely by accident this morning I was writing a little note to the team that’s working on the IC Compiler, because they have some stellar results at a very important large customer that actually decided to have significant portion of their chips done with ICC II. And so, it just shows that different people have different forms of flows that some people like to have the integrated version, some people have maybe design flows that they have optimized in the past for the individual tools.  And both absolutely have the state-of-the-art and it’s been a good choice for us to be able to maintain both of those directions. 
Jackson Ader : Okay. Alright. Thanks, 
Aart de Geus: You are welcome. 
Operator: Next we go to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Thanks. Good afternoon, Aart and Trac. Aart, a technology question to start for you and then Trac, a financial question for you. Aart, your comments on the application at AI and design space exploration were quite interesting. My question for you is, what do you think the resource requirements or implications might be for you and for your customers to implement that?  For you, in particular, for example, what might it mean in terms of your capacity needs for applications engineers in terms of having to scale that up as you’ve been doing anyway the last couple of years for the general business might have any effect in fact on where you have a ease, because to-date the bulk of your hiring anyway for AEs has been very heavily in Asia. So when you think about where AI might be adopted geographically, how might that affect your resource requirements such as for the praise, but also of course for R&D?  And then, for you Trac, I don’t think you mentioned backlog numbers. If you could update us on that. And then, with respect to the strong IP numbers, then would it be correct to infer that the majority of your IP revenue is upfront, perhaps even more upfront than it’s been and is there any geographic difference in terms of upfront IP revenue, in other words, is Asia more heavily upfront than perhaps other regions in terms of your IP business? Thanks. 
Aart de Geus: Okay. Jay, you had about 17 questions in that one question. But let me try to split it like this. There is two types of AI. One is the AI that we apply inside of our tools and in many ways for the application engineers that’s not any different than what they did in the past, of course they need to be knowledgeable about the tools they need to know how to use it well in what circumstances you get the highest return.  But fundamentally, it’s a continuation of being experts in some phase of the design flow. One of the other aspects of AI is to now look more at sections of the design flow and they are engaging with the design community is actually of high value.  Now, many of our AEs do that as part of their daily job anyway, even though everybody is sort of working from home today, it’s quite amazing how good the connectivity continues with the design community.  And so, over time, it is possible that that we’ll see gradually an emphasis to look a little bit more at the complete flows, because there is lot of benefit from an AI point of view there over time. But right now, I think it’s mostly a continuation of the type of people that we have, because they have to be very versatile anyway, know the tools, know how the customers design, know the urgencies, et cetera.  As to where, I don’t think that they changes the profile. It’s the most advanced people that will also be the early adopters. Now there is no question that Asia in general, China, Korea, Taiwan continue to be the areas of rapid adoption of new technologies and I don’t expect that to change all that much either. In all cases, it’s great opportunity space for us where we are making really quite astounding as a progress. 
Trac Pham: Jay, regarding your questions, backlog be finished at $4.6 billion for the quarter, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, bookings were better than planned for the quarter. Then more importantly than that, the runrate for the business was up pretty significantly. So that’s a good indicator of the health of the business.  With regards to IP, you are going to see a little bit more variability as we have talked about over the last year and a half with IP to 606. The upfront profile is really a function of when our customers are logging on to our site and downloading IPs. So, some quarters maybe bigger than others depending on their development schedule and that’s what you saw this quarter.  With regards to the geo mix, really not focused on any particular area that issue is going to be broad based. The business continues to be very much recurring in nature and based on a multi-year subscription. Does that helps? 
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Yes. Thank you both. 
Trac Pham: Good. 
Aart de Geus: Great. You are welcome. 
Operator: Next we go to the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc. Please go ahead. 
Jason Celino : Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Really just one for Trac. You mentioned at the beginning some one-time cost savings this year. Are you seeing those cost savings in one side of the business versus the other kind of referencing the SIG business, 15% margins there? Big improvement over the last quarter which was a big improvement over the quarter before that. 
Trac Pham: No, Jason, the one-time savings related to COVID is really across the board and similar to other companies it’s mostly around travel, obviously with us work remotely. We are not seeing a level of travel that we had in the past. Now that’s on a net, we realize a savings for the year, but there are some incremental costs that we - incremental costs and investments that we had to make to support the company working remotely.  And that’s as we think through what those ongoing costs are going to be and that’s going to be factored into our guidance for next year. That’s what I was referring to. But overall, the strong margin improvement that we are showing for this year is largely a function of the really good working growth and expense management. 
Jason Celino : Okay. And then, relative to the SIG margins being up quarter-over-quarter, just under the impression that we wouldn’t see as much improvement in that this year? 
Trac Pham: Not – that wasn’t deliberate. We’ll continue to invest in that business as we said at the beginning of the year. I would say, that’s a function of us getting some savings on the travel side and some events. And in addition to that, the team is doing a really good job managing their expenses in light of where we are with revenues and bookings as we mentioned, it’s not – it’s improving since Q1, but still below where we wanted to be and so teams did really good job managing both sides of the business. 
Jason Celino : Okay. Great. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Trac Pham: You are welcome. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We go to the line of Pradeep Ramani with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Pradeep Ramani: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I guess, first one for Trac, maybe. You guys beat the midpoint in Q3 by $75 million and yet the full year was raised roughly by $50 million. I guess, what’s driving that sort of conservative drop through? That’s the first one. And then I have a follow-up.
Trac Pham: Yes. So, overall, the business is doing really well. I mean, we are seeing that in the mix of the geo growth and product growth. But there were some elements of timing as well that we saw some of the revenues that were originally planned for Q4 shift into Q3. And I would say that, it’s shaping up to be another good quarter for us.  That’s a pretty big quarter in Q4. So, I think on the whole, it’s a pretty balanced outlook for the year and we are providing the best outlook we are at this point. 
Pradeep Ramani: Okay. And the second one is sort of a bigger picture question. I guess, you talked about HyperScalers and autos and system companies, how they are driving growth. In terms of roughly what percent of your revenue they account for today and how we should think about that traction of EDA it’s especially growing. I guess, can you provide some color on that? 
Aart de Geus: Well, we don’t break out the HyperScalers, but we’ve said already quite a number of years ago that system companies which is really are the people that we love together that do more just chips that also add software, in some cases have a broader value proposition. It has been about 40 plus percent of our revenue for quite a number of years.  I would put the HyperScalers in that domain, because they have many different interests and actually maybe making their money not so much by selling the chips, but by using them themselves. And so, right there, that’s a bit of a different catalyst. Having said that, they are interesting because for the year the earlier question that’s one of you asked about how many different servers are you seeing?  Are you seeing people investing in the broad set of architectures, well, they all are and they all are a s a function of whatever their customer base has workloads. And so, there is a very big difference between doing let’s say, credit card checks versus doing AI research for some oil exploration. Both require lot of computation, but it’s very different computation.  And so, I think that the HyperScalers, because they have so much opportunity are going to continue to be more and more interested and if not influencing even controlling some of the architectures and have an opportunity to literally create a lot of different chips that suits just their need. And in that regards, we have just excellent relationships there and we see a lot of growth opportunity. 
Pradeep Ramani: Thank you. 
Aart de Geus: You are welcome. 
Operator: Next we go to the line of Rich Valera with Needham. Please go ahead. 
Rich Valera: Yes. Thank you. I wish if I could get a little more color on the hardware business in the quarter and I know you had some pretty significant backlog that it slipped out of last year expected to ship in the second half of this year from a large customer. I believe that was on the emulation side and I was wondering if FPGA prototyping was one of the contributing factors to the very strong performance in the IP and system integration side, just wondering how hardware overall did, if you could give any sense of growth and if you are seeing those emulation orders that pushed into this year shipping as expected? 
Trac Pham: Let me take that one. I think – I would say overall, this year is shaping up to be another strong year for hardware and that’s a really strong statement considering that last year was a record year for hardware despite that push out. We are not going to break down the emulation versus – as that we are seeing good growth on both sides. 
Rich Valera: Got it. And then, Trac, just wanted to clarify on your commentary on fiscal 2021, since one-time expense savings at the risk of saving of the obvious impact revenue for fiscal 2020 or 2021, when you said you don’t want to change your EPS, are you referring to your op margins or specifically your EPS, which I would think could be – it could go up if you changed your revenue but not your op margin assumption? 
Trac Pham: Ideally, I’d like you all be patient on – and that’s across the board until we report December. But more specifically I just don’t want you to focus on margins beyond our trajectory. 
Rich Valera: Appreciate the color. Thank you. 
Trac Pham: It was an ops margin focus, yes. 
Rich Valera: Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead. 
Gary Mobley : Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for squeezing me in. Some questions about China and I know you don’t break out your China revenue from the APAC category, but obviously, Asia Pac was at a record level by pretty wide margin.  So, I am curious if you saw any pull in activity as perhaps some customers based in China were trying to get ahead of the export restriction as a month so to speak? And maybe if you can give us an update on what you have seen on the capacitor front from some of the start-ups that are locally based in China? 
Aart de Geus: Sure. Let’s start with the entity list, as you know there was a bit of an update this week. We analyzed it, understood it and predominantly it does not changed the outlook that we have given you and the outlook encompasses the fact that we expect the entity list to continue where it’s been now for the last nine months or so.  Having said that, China is strong across the board and that’s largely because its economy has – I wouldn’t say returned to normal, but certainly a degree of normalcy that is relatively advanced. And there are lot of investments in a lot of companies that are not on the entity list. And so, throughout the electronics economy, we are doing very well there. But it’s partially true for that this the countries surrounding China, as well. So, Far East in general.  In terms of competitive endeavors, obviously there is a lot of talk about every aspect of high-tech China wanted to become independent of the west. That will take a long time. And so, while there are efforts certainly in semiconductor manufacturing, there are a few efforts as well in the – on the EDA side. There too, it is relatively very, very small compared to what we can provide and I think it will take a long time before it’s very competitive.  And so, lastly, we are doing well in China in general and do not see that’s changing rapidly. But we are all looking forward to see what happens after the elections and if at that point in time there is a mellowing or a harshening of the situation. 
Gary Mobley : Okay. A quick follow-up question for Trac. How should we read into the fact that you guys didn’t buy back any stock during the quarter? Is that not wanting to chase the share price or is it something more strategic in line? 
Trac Pham: No. I wouldn’t read into that at all actually. Our capital allocation strategy has been very consistent and that hasn’t changed. Right now, we didn’t set out not to do buybacks in Q3. But it turned out that way. Mostly my focus was, just making sure our team continue to be very prudent about how we are managing our cash, especially in light of the current macro environment.  I want to make sure that we are managing our balance sheet in a way that gives us the most stability and flexibility to run the business. But overall, that’s the approach in terms of managing the balance sheet for organic investments versus M&A, versus buyback, that overall approach hasn’t changed. We were making that it to – to making that a key part of this strategy. 
Gary Mobley : Thanks. 
Trac Pham: You are welcome
Operator: Next we’ll go to the line of Krish Sankar with Cowen and Co. Please go ahead. 
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Aart, I had two of them. It’s a two-part question. So, I’ll ask both right away. When you look at your HyperScale customers, as they move to custom silicon from merchant, how does that impact the need for EDA? And along the same path, when computing moves more towards the edge, what is the impact for EDA relative to like a cloud system? 
Aart de Geus: Okay. Let me start with the first one. As people learn how to do design chips themselves, of course, they will need a lot more EDA than they have before, which was essentially zero. And so, that this is all upside. But what is interesting is that, in parallel to that, these are typically people that get hired from other design companies and they immediately jump on, well, I hear all the IP blocks that I need, because I want to design really fast.  And so, we think that there is a potential in a number of these HyperScalers for them to actually develop a very, very competent, but also very driven teams where the time-to-market is really what is going to be pushing for doing a lot of business. And given that the opportunity space for them is different, they use their own chips.  Therefore they are very – the factor very close to their own markets. I think they will recognized quickly that’s being able to differentiate through electronics is actually going to be high value. So, I expect them to be a big spenders over time.  I want to say I didn’t quite understand your second question. Would you mind clarifying? 
Krish Sankar: Sure. As the computing moves more towards the edge, how does that impact the needs for EDA? 
Aart de Geus: Well, you know, there has always been this debate how much compute goes to the edge and how much goes to the center? And the answer I think is, yes, on both – both are growing rapidly and part of that is that a lot of the data that gets now generated on the edge rather than transporting it all to some center compute place gets at a minimum triaged or simplified or concentrated.  And so, we see a lot of development of AI for the edge in a broad, broad set of companies. So, from my perspective, it’s sort of the more of the merrier, because there too, we are going to see more and more specialties meaning that, because AI can be very compute-intense, if you can reduce that intensity by focusing on specific problems, specific types of data, you cannot only get much better results, you can also do it in a much shorter amount of time.  And that is why I think we kind of see a continued broadening of these types of chips. And many of those, by the way, use embedded cores or embedded IP just to reduce their go-to-market time. So, we see growth in both of these camps for us. 
Krish Sankar: Got it. Super helpful, Aart. If I can just squeeze one more in, just like, as the shift to edge happens, is that negative for the HAPS business? 
Aart de Geus: No, not at all. I mean, for most chips, the minute they become sophisticated enough that they have some software running on it, you cannot go fast enough to some prototype to at least developing the software before you actually have the chips. And HAPS is not as expensive as a big emulation machine and very often actually gets used to not only mimic the chip that you are designing, but also mimics some of the surroundings, maybe the sensors that tool be connected to that chip, you can just plug those into the HAPS board.  And so, the work prototype really is the way you imagine it. I think that is very compact, but where you can plug in a lot of wires to bring the reality directly to the chip and that is what HAPS does particularly well. And so, I expect it to continue to grow. It’s growing very well by the way. 
Krish Sankar: Thank you very much, Aart.
Aart de Geus: You are welcome. Hello.
Operator: There are no others in queue.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, in that case, thank you so much for the time you spent. I hope that you got a sense that we were blessed with a very, very strong quarter, but just as much with a very strong outlook forward. And that much of that is due to the technologies introduced over the last few years doing well, but also with thanks to the team and our customers for working under situations that are far from ordinary, yet are eminently practical in how we are managing it.  So, thank you for your attention. And we will follow up with the usual Q&A with individuals. Thank you. 
Operator: And this concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-05-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2020. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour. 5 minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Greg, and good afternoon, everyone. Hosting the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at Synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. Finally, we are all participating from different locations today, please forgive any delays, technology glitches or awkward handoffs in the Q&A session as we navigate this new virtual dynamic. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I'm happy to report outstanding second quarter results with record orders, revenue, non-GAAP earnings per share and operating cash flow. We substantially exceeded all of our key guidance metrics. Revenue was $861 million with GAAP earnings per share of $0.71 and non-GAAP earnings of $1.22. Orders were substantially greater than our internal plan, driven primarily by digital design software, and we continued to make good progress on our margin expansion goals. As a result of our first half strength and the resilience of our business, we are reaffirming our revenue and non-GAAP margin guidance for the year. While raising our non-GAAP earnings and cash flow targets, Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. Before providing quarterly highlights, let me comment on the market landscape, which is, of course, dominated by the COVID-19 pandemic and its substantial recessionary pressure on the global economy. While in a matter of weeks, many companies around the world have adapted to widespread work from home, the semiconductor sector has stayed busy as electronic system and system design continues unabated. Driven by the sudden need for bandwidth and compute for home, be it for work, schooling or entertainment, advanced chip design is not slowing down. We've seen this continuous design activity in previous downturns. Regardless of where a company or industry is and its business cycle, continuous investment in new technologies, be they AI and machine learning, 5G, IoT, automotive or cloud end markets, is the best way to be ready when the economy turns up again. Synopsys is at the core of this enablement. Combining that with our time-based business model, a high-level of recurring revenue and a non-cancelable backlog of $4.8 billion, Synopsys is well-positioned to withstand the uncertainties of today's macro environment. With that context, let me provide some highlights from the quarter, beginning with EDA. Our unrelenting innovation push throughout our Fusion Design Platform is driving momentum in technical benchmark wins, increased competitive displacements and new breakthrough products. In Q2, our hallmark Fusion Compiler product drove a doubling of the number of tape-outs, as well as significant business commitments by customers ranging from the world's largest microprocessor and consumer companies to mobile, networking and automotive system designers. Key competitive wins included a leading Asian 5G edge computing chip supplier for next-generation 5-nanometer design, a prominent North American graphics company on advanced gaming GPU, and expanding competitive displacement at some of the world's leading mobile semi on multiple designs ranging from 12-nanometer to 5-nanometer. The Fusion concept, a revolutionary invention with impact that goes far beyond even the breakthrough Fusion Compiler solution, resonates very well with our customers and partners. This quarter, we expanded our collaboration with Broadcom, who is widely deploying our Fusion Design Platform to accelerate delivery of its innovative 7-nanometer and 5-nanometer designs. And our innovation continues at a rapid pace. In March, we announced several exciting new products, including DSO.ai. The result of a multi-year initiative with leading industry partners, it includes learning engines that can automatically adjust and optimized throughout the design flow. The result is impressive productivity improvements in terms of the project time as well as further optimizations in chip performance, power and area. Using state-of-the-art AI and machine learning, as well as a cloud-based burst computation, it enables design teams to tackle more projects, handle larger parts of a project and let designers focus exclusively on leverage high creativity and value-added tasks. Another seminal new product is 3D IC Compiler. Advanced designs are now so massive and complex that they require a brand new approach. 3D IC Compiler is a single environment that enables the combination of multiple die together on a chip. This provides far better performance and capacity than conventional chip and package approaches for customers such as Samsung Electronics who refer to it as an industry disruptor. 3D IC is also a great way to extend the power, performance and density benefits of Moore's law, as it supports the high-speed parallelism and massive data needs of new AI architectures. This opens a new path to very powerful multi-die computational engines for years to come. Meanwhile, in Custom Design, our multi-year innovation push has resulted in a highly competitive product that is being used for the most advanced FinFET designs and driving ongoing full flow competitive displacements. For example, Alphawave replaced its legacy custom design tools with our Custom Design Platform for development of high-speed connectivity IP. Here too productivity was the reward as our solution helped them meet aggressive design targets in a notably shorter timeframe. A major foundry in Asia expanded its internal deployment and now have more than 10 Custom Compiler projects underway. We also secured new deployments for memory, silicon IP and microprocessor designs. Let me now move to our Verification Continuum platform where significant technology innovation continues to cement our market share leadership. In verification software, we're seeing notable expansions at influential hyperscaler companies, traditional semi and systems companies and global startups. Across the platform our technology is strong. On the hardware side of our verification solution which caters uniquely to unrelenting design complexity growth, demand for our products is also high. Competitively, our emulators and prototyping systems are differentiated by a raw feed, high reliability, easier installation and maintenance and overall, lower cost of ownership. Just this quarter, 13 new customers purchased our hardware products, and we have more than 30 repeat orders. Here too, we're seeing good momentum with customers ranging from very large semi and systems companies to hyperscalers and startups. While the timing of hardware deliveries creates a tough comparison with the first half of last year, we continue to gain momentum with both new and existing customers. Now to IP, where we are growing with solid momentum as the number one provider of interface embedded memory, logic libraries and foundry specific IP, we provide the broadest portfolio addressing the most complex requirements, accelerating time to market and lowering design risks. With more than 330 wins for foundry specific 7-nanometer IP, customers are clearly placing their trust in our leadership in high-performance cloud computing applications. Most recently, we achieved significant competitive wins, including a major internet services and AI company who adopted our production-proven IP subsystems and PCI Express 5.0, and a major Taiwanese fabless semiconductor company who licensed our silicon-proven HBM 2E for multiple networking customers. Our unrelenting focus on enabling advanced process designs continues. We announced availability of the broadest portfolio of IP for TSMC's 5-nanometer process for high-performance computing SoCs. Our multinational technology giant in cloud services and AI selected our PCI Express 5.0, CXL and foundation IP. And the leading e-commerce company chose our die-to-die HBI IP because of our performance, power and area differentiation. Our product momentum for ARC processors also continued with the introduction of our first 64-bit processor IP. This is our highest performance ARC processor today, targeting high-end embedded applications such as storage, automotive control and infotainment. Now to Software Integrity. This is one area of our business that felt more of an impact from COVID as companies delayed business decisions while working to adapt to shelter-in-place mandates. While revenue growth improved sequentially, we did see a slowdown in orders that will moderate our revenue growth this year to the low-double-digit range, before returning to higher growth longer term. The breadth and roadmap of our portfolio are uniquely well suited to serve today's DevTech ops requirements. While providing high-value products, a great new platform and strategic consulting services, we are well-positioned to help companies develop more secure high-quality software for a very interconnected world. Industry recognition of our vision and product breadth have grown significantly over the past several years. Just a few weeks ago, Gartner updated its Magic Quadrant for Application Security Testing. We are pleased to note that Synopsys is again at the father's top right position in the leader quadrant. We made progress during this quarter in several areas. We achieved multiple competitive displacements as customers embraced the benefit of our broad portfolio and the integration onto the Polaris Software Integrity Platform. We saw a notable broadening of agreements as customers expanded the number of products they adopt. One example is a very large global electronics company who replaced the incumbent and significantly expanded its adoption to a broader set of our solutions. This quarter, our customer base continued to grow with new logos ranging from very well-known consumer electronics leaders to hyperscalers to industrial and financial services companies. Our next objective is to scale this business to reach $500 million to $1 billion in revenue over time. Before I hand it over to Tack, let me comment on our practical handling of the COVID-19 pandemic. I'll begin with a sincere thank you to the many selfless caregivers who keep us safe. I also want to thank our employees who have shown incredible commitment and agility over the past several months to execute on the dual objectives of health and business. I believe that our execution during this period has been stellar. In addition to the rapid actions we took to implement global shelter-in-place orders, we continued to partner with our peers, local governments and health agencies to ensure a safe work environment for those returning to the office. Our IT, HR facilities and operations teams have done an amazing job quickly adopting our infrastructure and systems to support work from home. Our R&D teams continue to execute very well and have effectively worked through some hardware supply chain and logical challenges. The large number of new products and excellent benchmark results give us strong confidence in our product pipeline. This also applies to our worldwide IP team which had the foresight to rapidly enable remote development and delivery of high demand advanced title. We are able to ship our products and our customer [indiscernible] support from our application engineering teams. Last, as witnessed by the strongest orders quarter on record, our sales team also demonstrated stellar execution. As we now see a gradual opening of businesses in many countries and states, our leadership is planning a very gradual shift back to the office in coordination with local authorities and sensitive to our employees well being. In closing, Synopsys is executing well. We delivered outstanding second quarter results with record orders, revenue, non-GAAP earnings per share and operating cash flow. Design activity remains strong and enduring. We continue to introduce innovative new products throughout our portfolio and are benchmarking strongly. Notwithstanding the extraordinary world circumstances, we continued to target high-single-digit revenue growth, substantial ops margin expansion, mid-teens non-GAAP earnings per share growth, and strong operating cash flow. Trac will now highlight the financial perspective.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. Our record results are especially noteworthy, in light of the considerable challenges faced by ourselves and our customers over the past few months. Given our history of strong execution, sometimes it's easy to forget how much hard work goes into delivering results like these. So I'd like to add my thanks to our employees for their dedication under these difficult circumstances. Complementing our excellent execution in the first half is our very solid business foundation, technology leadership, a diverse customer base and nearly 90% recurring revenue. These elements position us well for periods of high demand as well as during times the greatest stress. This rare combination gives us the confidence to reaffirm our annual revenue and non-GAAP margin guidance, and to increase our non-GAAP earnings and operating cash flow targets. Now to our second quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. Orders substantially exceeded our plan, driven in large part by EDA, particularly, digital design. Ending backlog was $4.7 billion. We generated total revenue of $861.3 million above our target range, driven by broad strength and some revenue that moved in from Q3. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $773 million. This strong growth in EDA software moderated by tough hardware comparison over a strong Q2 of last year. Excluding hardware, EDA software results remain within our long-term target range of mid to high single-digits. A quick note on hardware, while COVID-19 has presented some minor HAPS-related supply chain challenges, due to shelter-in-place mandates, we're managing through them well. Our contract manufacturing partners are gradually increasing capacity and because our products are considered essential, they are top priorities. Software Integrity segment revenue was $88.3 million, 10% of total. Moving on to expenses. Total GAAP cost and expenses were $735 million which includes approximately $30 million in restructuring costs associated with our previously communicated program to optimize resource allocation for sustainable long-term growth. These are not COVID-related. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $640 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 25.7%. We are on track to generate approximately 2 percentage points of non-GAAP operating margin expansion for the year. Adjusted operating margin for the Semiconductor & System Design segment was 27.1%, after for the Software Integrity segment, 13.3%. Finally, GAAP earnings per share were $0.71 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.22, well above our target range due to excellent operational execution. Turning to cash. We generated a record $380 million in operating cash flow. We initiated $100 million ASR and have now completed $200 million in buybacks year-to-date. We've repurchased $2 billion of our stocks since 2015, approximately 75% of our free cash flow. Our capital allocation strategy has not changed. We'll continue to evaluate the best use of cash each quarter and we will remain prudent as the global macro environment evolves. Our balance sheet is very strong. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $856 million and total debt of $236 million as we paid down $90 million of our revolver. Now to guidance, which continues to assume the current Entity List restrictions remain in place for the rest of the year. Consistent with our expectations, revenue skewed to later in the year due primarily to the scheduled timing of hardware and IP deliveries. For fiscal year 2020, our targets are revenue of $3.6 billion to $3.65 billion; total GAAP cost and expenses between $2.99 billion and $3.03 billion; total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $2.63 billion and $2.66 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 27%; GAAP earnings of $3.74 to $3.90 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $5.21 to $5.28 per share; cash flow from operations of $815 million to $840 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $170 million; now to the targets for the third quarter, revenue between $875 million and $905 million; total GAAP cost and expenses between $721 million and $737 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $640 million and $650 million; GAAP earnings of $1.12 to $1.22 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $1.33 to $1.38 per share. In conclusion, despite the unprecedented challenges faced by our employees and customers around the globe, our focused execution, portfolio strength and resilient business model enabled us to deliver a very strong quarter, reiterate our full-year revenue and non-GAAP margin guidance and raise or non-GAAP earnings and cash flow targets. Our strong balance sheet and thoughtful approach to capital allocation, position us well to navigate the current environment. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you so much. Before we begin the Q&A session, I would like to ask everyone to please limit yourself to two questions to allow us to accommodate all participants. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue, and we'll take as many as time permits. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rich Valera: Thank you, and congrats to the team on delivering very solid results in a challenging environment. First, just on the order commentary, I think you said you saw a stronger than expected orders primarily in core EDA. I was wondering if you could give any color on sort of what drove that strength. And if you thought it was maybe timing related, or if you think that was sort of a net increase in demand, relative to your original plan?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think there are multiple things are played in all at the same time. Obviously, in a time like this, we all pay a lot of attention to execution, and so, we will give some credit to just working hard at it. But I think the other thing that happened is that a number of the new products that we introduced last year, and some that we announced just recently are very attractive and benchmark extremely well. And so the hunger for more sophisticated products continues because during the same timeframe, what we're seeing is that a number of the advanced customers are moving now from 7-nanometer to 5-nanometer. And so that have both implications on the IP that they're using and on the strength of tools that they want. And so the demand, I think was absolutely there and it was for us to make sure that we find a way to get at it.
Rich Valera: And just one more on the SIG business, one, could you say what the bookings were there? I know they were pretty good last quarter, despite the relatively modest revenue growth. And two, any progress on getting a business unit - a new business unit head there? Thanks.
Aart de Geus: So we normally don't disclose the bookings for any subpart of the Company. We did communicate that they were lower this quarter than expected and therefore that has some ramifications going forward. It's not completely a surprise because a lot of the interactions early on in the COVID time were very impacted by people essentially hustling for shelter from home. On the recruiting, we have started a search and - so we expect that in the next six months, this will be fulfilled and now we're looking at candidates.
Operator: Next, we turn to the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: Maybe first a question on the hardware business. At this point, is that completely outsourced? Or do you still do or do you do a final assembly and test in house? And just curious if COVID was a bigger issue for your suppliers or for your own internal assembly in test?
Aart de Geus: It's an excellent question. So we do a little bit of all of that. We outsource obviously, as much as we possibly can. There - depending on what the status is of the hardware, we assemble some of it ourselves. And, as you would expect, when you have a global disruption of all the markets initially, you have to watch out where all the parts are coming from, who is doing the assembly, et cetera. And the issues that we looked at initially were HAPS related. I'm quite impressed by how quickly our team was on top of that. And after that, the fact that this is essential equipment benefited us as the assembly people we work with gave us a high priority. And so, I think the problem is mostly resolved at this point in time.
Tom Diffely: Okay, that's great to hear. And then Trac, when I look at the midpoint of guidance for I guess, the third and the implied for the fourth quarter, pretty strong revenue growth, not a lot of model leverage off that revenue growth. So I'm curious is that, because it's more hardware centric? Is it conservatism? Or is there something else going on?
Trac Pham: It is a little bit of the hardware mix. You got COGS ramping up with expenses as well. And the profile is that, it does have some additional expenses in terms of hiring, but I do expect that you'll see an improvement in operating margins from Q3 to Q4.
Operator: Next return to the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: And apologies, if this came up, I joined a little bit late, but just current events question. I'm wondering if the recent proposals around new export restrictions have either impacted Synopsys anyway or maybe since the April quarter close cause some of your customers maybe to reconsider certain spending decisions? Or just any impacts from, you know, the past couple of weeks and some of the news that's been coming out?
Aart de Geus: Well, the bottom line of the answer is no. The recent announcements were one or two weeks old, and while very fairly complicated, we're able to get a good sense of it. And our conclusion is, it does not affect us beyond what is already prohibited in the entity. We have also not had any follow-on of customers that we're worried in any form. So I think, that interpretation has been fairly universal.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, great. And then on Software Integrity, I guess, the qualitative commentary, just in terms of some of the buy-in to Polaris, and the fact that you're getting competitive displacements for Polaris at this points, that strikes me as pretty positive. So, I guess my question is, did it surprise you to have platform traction in a more difficult environment created by COVID? And does that give you maybe some optimism and thinking about bookings for the back half of your year?
Aart de Geus: You know, we live with optimism and actually, this is a good example of it, because the whole point of a platform is to get the benefit of multiple tools that work well together. And by the way, for the buyer, it has another benefit, and especially for larger companies, they are trying to maintain an environment that is not overly complex with tools from many, many different vendors. And so being able to bring multiple capabilities together in a structured fashion, that over time will gain more and more value because things work well together is actually precisely the direction that we are counting on. And the fact that the number of customers have actually bought Synopsys precisely for that reason is extremely encouraging.
Operator: And next, we turn to line of Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mitch Steves: Yes. I want to focus a bit here on the operating margin here. So the implied number, it looks like you guys are going to get to the kind of the high 20s exiting the year. So I really have two parts to my question. The first one is just that, is that correct, you're going to kind of exit at 29%? And then secondly, does that imply that '21 should actually be better than your high 20s target? Because now, you guys kind of get work from home dynamic, you don't have as much T&A expense. It's something we've heard that a lot of companies, particularly software coverage able to do. So is there any way you guys are going to be able to squeeze extra basis points out of the OpEx line going forward?
Aart de Geus: Let me work backwards on your question, Mitch. You're right, we are - we will be exiting in the high 20s for the year, but keep in mind that it's largely a profile of the revenue ramp. And we remain committed to our long-term goals of driving margin expansion. But at this point, it's too early to talk about FY '21. We'll come on that later in the year. As far as savings from COVID, certainly, we're seeing some element of that flow through - that benefits flow through to the results. But you know, the result are largely driven by us executing the plan that we set out to - for the year which is continue to focus on our spending, be more diligent about where we're investing and driving a plan that's going to deliver good margin growth this year and over time.
Mitch Steves: And just one small one, if I could. I couldn't ask multiple questions there. So just - was there any revenue impact you guys could quantify in terms of what the hardware shipments would have been if you had any push outs in terms of sales because I'm curious why the full-year guide didn't go about? How do you think that you'd be able to get a lease above - towards the high-end, I guess, the revenue guide? So was there any sort of push out or anything related to COVID in the quarter?
Aart de Geus: No. And really, COVID had a really small effect on the results or immaterial effect on the financial results. As we mentioned, we had a - some initial challenges with the supply chain. When the shelter-in-place, mandates went into effect, but we were able to overcome that and execute on the numbers for the quarter. And good execution in Q2, the results were strong its own, but we did see some revenues move in from Q3 to Q2. At this point, we're providing our best view of the outlook for hardware and it really reflects a profile of it growing in Q4. And so far, we feel confident in our ability to execute to that - that's why we're reaffirming guidance.
Operator: And next, we turn to line of Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader: Thanks for taking my questions, guys. The first one to Aart is a follow-up, actually on some of the trade restrictions. You addressed, I think the Entity List and Huawei, I guess tighter restrictions, having already been factored in. But what about the military end-user or military end-use case I guess, control actions that were put out at the end of April? Do you expect any impact from that?
Aart de Geus: No, we don't. So fundamentally, the guidance that we have given you encompasses all of our interpretation of all of the various actions that have been taken over the last year and a half. And I think we feel very solid in that interpretation at this point in time.
Jackson Ader: Okay, all right, great. Thank you and then follow-up for Trac.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Jackson Ader: Yes. Just quickly on cash flow. So are customers - are there any customers either in Software Integrity or in the semiconductor business, that are looking for maybe some payment flexibility? I saw the provisions for doubtful accounts went up, but just curious where the strength in cash flow is expected to come from?
Trac Pham: Yes. For the most part, we haven't seen any meaningful impact of that or customers coming back and renegotiate in terms. And so far, that's been very positive. We're prepared to - we're prepared for that kind of potential, but so far we haven't seen much of an impact. On the strength in the cash flow outlook is really confidence in the P&L and what we're guiding to. It's pretty solid growth for the year, as well as good margin improvement. And that's going to eventually translate to cash as a reflection of both strong collections and more effective disbursements are lower disbursements.
Operator: And next, we turn to the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: The 7% sequential increase in backlog is commendable. And reading between the lines, I see that your average license duration is spiked quite significantly. And so does that speak to I guess the concentration of the record orders with perhaps one customer renewal? Or is there some more diverse overall bookings trends there?
Aart de Geus: It is the second. It's not the single customer at all if it's multiple customers. I think in general, there are often variations in lengths of contracts. At this point in time, it is encouraging that the contracts have not become shorter as in times of economic stress, people could be worried about it. That appears to not be the case at all. And as said from use and approach to design, we see no difference. If nothing else there, a number of companies that are really accelerating as they hope to have good opportunities in next year with new products. So the technology advances are on track and the business I think reflects that directly.
Gary Mobley: Okay.
Trac Pham: Gary, I would also add that the - it's nice to have the back - that large backlog in an environment like this, in general, but particularly, in environment we grew it like this. But the Q2 bookings was not only a record in absolute numbers, but we also saw a very good run rate growth in the quarter. So, I'm pleased with that combination.
Gary Mobley: Okay. And as my follow-up question. With the shelter-in-place, I guess largely still intact there in the Bay Area, and perhaps affecting access to your facilities and access to labs in whatnot. Is that a hindrance to completion of some IP deliverables? Is that perhaps an explanation why the fourth quarter may be still back-end loaded?
Aart de Geus: While initially there were a number of questions of how to best get access to labs, how to manage that, can we manage it. I think there too, we were able to find practical solutions pretty quickly. And I'm actually a very positively surprised that how well the IP group is executing as we continue to send chips to manufacturing, as we can - as we continue to deliver new cores. And so I think the distribution of revenue is more a function of the uptake from the customer than anything else.
Operator: And next, we turn to line of Adam Gonzalez with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Adam Gonzalez: And first on the Software Integrity business, I'm just wondering if you could elaborate on some of the delay in business decisions that alluded to on - in the prepared remarks? And then what gives you the confidence in the low-double-digit growth target that you imply the business would grow this year? And then secondly, how have your sales efforts be impacted by the shelter-in-place orders, and say have your spending plans changed at all versus what they were last quarter? Thanks.
Aart de Geus: Yes. Let me go backward on that. As the working at home started to become - acted on with many of our customers, it did slow the interaction somewhat. We also saw some slowdown in our ability to hire people as quickly as we had planned. And those are the type of things that then tend to impact the orders' rates that one gets in. And so one can still - they always point I think that we could do better on the circumstances, but all-in-all, the reception through the types of capabilities that we have and the need have not diminished at all. As a matter of fact, you can see how a wave of concern has gone through many of our customers as they established work from home and immediately the security of many of those installations were somewhat in question. Now we ourselves barely touched that but that is not the field that we're in. But the secondary ramification of that is that people will look again harder at what to do in the software to protect from future security breaches. So from that perspective, I think the business opportunity is just as healthy as it was before. The circumstances will evolve and I think our execution can improve, and that's what we're focusing on.
Adam Gonzalez: And then my follow-up, just generally speaking, do you see any read across EDA industry more broadly from the duplication of SMEs and tech supply chain seem to be progressing toward? Just asking, following up on TSMC's decision to build a fab in Arizona. Thanks.
Aart de Geus: I'm sorry, I couldn't hear the first. You said something across, but I'm not sure what the something was. Do we see what?
Adam Gonzalez: Do you see any read across the EDA industry broadly from the duplication of supply chain efforts with US and China? Thanks.
Aart de Geus: That is an interesting question, because whenever supply chain starts to duplicate efforts, they actually become less efficient, which is actually not a bad thing for the people supplying to them in turn. And so I don't think that we see an enormous amount of effort in that yet. But clearly, there are sort of fairly big macro discussions on different countries wanting to have a high degree of independence of other countries, all the way to manufacturing of semiconductors, as you saw for the recent announcements of TSMC. And so I think that we're going to see a fairly dynamic evolution over the next year. And given that we're connected to all of those people very well, and suddenly intend for us to participate in whatever they're going to build and whatever they need to construct in a fashion that is good for our business.
Operator: And next, we turn to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: And Aart, needless to say the comments about record orders was quite important and same about record backlog. If I'm not mistaken, the last quarterly record for bookings was seven years ago. The question is - yes. The question is how will this momentum in EDA influence your direction or allocation of internal resources? Normally when we see that kind of strength in EDA, again driven by demand and new product adoption, we would see for instance, significant ramping up of the AE capacity as a coincidental or leading indicator for that kind of strength in EDA. So perhaps you could talk about that kind of internal investment you're thinking of incrementally for EDA. And conversely, what you might be doing differently in terms of SIG investments as you go through this slower period of growth? And maybe Trac can comment a little bit more elaborately on the restructuring intend. And then my second question is back on EDA. You in the last year on a couple of conversations we've had, spoke about two big trends driving the EDA industry, one was moving from the general to the specific or specialty chips as you call them, and that the next big thing in EDA was as you described it prototyping, broadly speaking at different levels of abstraction. I'm sure you remember those comments. Is there any way to parse how either or both of those is directly having a business impact incrementally versus let's say older forms of design or older methods.
Aart de Geus: Okay. I will try to answer that in less than half an hour. Let me start with the very good results from an order perspective. And frankly, I didn't know that seven years ago at that time we were more covered by single large customers making an impact. This was much broader. Nonetheless, when we entered the global pandemic crisis, it became instantaneously clear that there were more questions than answers on what this would do to the market, to the behavior of the customers and so on. And it was also instantaneously clear to Synopsys that as well as all hands on deck to make sure that we maintain strong relationships with the customers, first from a support point of view to make sure that they do well. And secondly, from the perspective of continuing to bring in the business, in order for us to be able to fund however long the downturn maybe. We executed on that clearly well. And as mentioned, I think one of the very early questions today, I think partially it is because we focus extremely well, but also because we had a good time with new products and new necessities from a design point of view, such as the new nodes, the advanced technologies, the increase of IP reuse, et cetera. And so we will continue to manage the way we've always done, which is we committed to you a - to - obviously, optimize the growth rate, but also to work towards the DevOps margin improvement and this helps in the right direction. But this also ties to your next question, which is what are the key trends behind this from a technology point of view. And what I must have called many years ago, specialty chips, now we would call AI and machine learning chips because that is really the whole generation that has completely readdressed architectures. And it's important to understand just a little bit why that is relevant to us because no matter what when you do computing engines such as for AI, you want speed, speed, speed, except these computing engines are extremely large machines of parallel small processors with very big data rates and often a big bandwidth. And so there every company that is - invested in that is doing their own thing and trying to be differentiated, and so they are truly specialty chips. And what is particularly interesting is a number of these are now splitting into multiple chips and that is why 3D IC Compiler is such an interesting product because after many, many years of worrying about Moore's law may be slowing down a little bit and it has slowed down somewhat, although it's much more alive than people think, this is a great answer if I can go to multiple chips that are extremely well connected. And so the specialty chips, as you call them are the architectures that are precisely driving the notion of bringing more chips together. Now, in that context, the prototyping is just as relevant because the other half of a product is the software that runs in it. And more complex these specialty chips are, the more complex the software is and the more - there is risk that the software doesn't work when the chip comes out or that the chip doesn't - wasn't quite responsive to the software it was intended to be on. That is where prototyping sits in the middle. It allows people to check and run their software before they actually have the hardware. And so I expect that we will see continued attention and growth to this and certainly, we are investing strongly in these areas. So the bottom line is, nobody will ever argue that strong order is not a good thing. Obviously, we have to execute now in the next few quarters. We'll see what the global economy does. I think that semiconductors is actually in a good spot, relatively speaking to most other markets and we have not seen a slowdown.
Trac Pham: And in addition to that - to your question regarding the restructuring. We are committed and we remain on a path to driving margins up over time. In addition to that, we'll continue to invest in the business, because all of the segments that we're in, we're seeing good growth opportunities. The restructuring is really a reflection of fine-tuning the investments and making sure that we're placing happier bets in the areas where we think we can get the best combination of growth and profitability.
Operator: And next, we turn to the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: And first question, maybe Trac, can you maybe go into the comments on the pull forward of some revenues from Q3, just more on the EDA side or the hardware side?
Trac Pham: Mostly on the EDA side, what we saw in EDA, particularly, in Q2 was just a few shorter contracts because there FSAs and so we saw that benefit and that's why you might see a little bit higher on the time base relative to the upfronts. But overall, the profile for the year, there is significant growth and strength across the board.
Jason Celino: Great. And then my follow-up, the SIG margins did increase 300 basis points, probably the highest SIG margins you've reported since breaking that segment out. How much of this was from the restructuring, maybe the slower hiring? And then would you look to prioritize managing profitability for this segment while the growth profile is a little more challenged?
Trac Pham: It's a little bit of all those things that you described. You're right, the margins did come up to around 13%. We mentioned at the beginning of the year that we were going to try to invest further in that business to invest for growth. And I think we're still committed to that plan and the profile from margins will vary from quarter-to-quarter depending on the ramp-up in expenses. I wouldn't extrapolate that up to the full-year or as a new plant will continue to balance investing the business well, making sure it fits into the overall Company's growth.
Operator: And next, we turn to the line of Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead. And Mr. Sankar, you may have put your phone on mute.
Aart de Geus: Maybe we can go to the next and come back to the gentlemen.
Operator: And next, we turn to the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Aart, a quick question, just going back to China. I appreciate all the color you gave on the recent Huawei licensing news from last week and the military use. But I'm just kind of curious just given how critical EDA is to the software - to the semiconductor ecosystem and China's desire to kind of build that system out, you guys become a really important sort of pawn on the geopolitical sort of chessboard. And so I'm kind of curious you break out Asia-Pacific revenue, but you don't break out China revenue, specifically. Can you help us kind of just ballpark that? And I guess as you look inside of China, what percent of the customers are you supporting in China today that if for some reason you couldn't, that demand would probably get soaked up somewhere else, i.e. Huawei can ship into phones, but maybe MediaTek and Qualcomm can. And so what percent of the Chinese customers do you think or maybe a lot of start-ups that if you're not shipping to them that demand probably doesn't go elsewhere?
Aart de Geus: Well, this is a very difficult and hypothetical question because there's so many geopolitical forces de facto in play at the same time. I can tell you that so far, a number of companies have picked up very quickly where others could not develop themselves. And I expect that to continue because after all - and globally speaking, it's a very open market and people jump in when there is an opportunity one way or another. And so really - since the Entity List came about which was May last year, we obviously have learned how to live without, and really have not felt much change. Growth continues well in China. Actually, growth continues overall in the world, but China particularly, and there are many companies that are jumping in both there as well as in other parts of the globe.
John Pitzer: And then maybe for a follow-up, just back to SIG. I'm just kind of making sure I understand this. Is the growth sort of slowdown here a function of your inability to actually bring on new headcount and drive channel growth there? Or is it actual customer activity? And I guess I'm asking the question - I'm just trying to get a better sense of why the confidence that once we get through this COVID phenomenon, growth will re-accelerate there? What metrics are you looking at to support that view?
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, I think the most objective answer has to be that it's a combination of the two, meaning that, yes, we did see a slowdown as a number of customers just have been sidetracked into their own survival challenges in different ways, and that tends to slow down this type of investment, at the same time, and you saw a little bit of that in or commenting that our hiring was slower than planned. That is our own execution. That is in question. So bottom line is, we will need to put - continue to put effort in bringing this part of Synopsys into a very good profile. And we're doing exactly that. Now what gives confidence is that the problem is not shrinking at all and the solution that we have is getting better and better. Now you say, well that in itself, doesn't give you money. But, yeah, you're right, we have to work for that. But the problem will continue to grow and it will continue to grow because so many electronic systems are much more intertwined than they were before. And that will continue to happen in the present pathway that electronics is on. Therefore, there will be needed more assurances that the sub pieces have built in security in a variety of ways. That's certainly is massively the case on software, but as a side note, it will also increasingly be the case on the hardware side. So there is nothing that has changed in our opinion of this being a good market, a technically challenging, therefore particularly good market for us. And the combination of the overall situation and perhaps our own execution gave us - led us to this point. But let's not underestimate, this is actually a very good business for Synopsys. It is now growing a bit slower than we wanted this year. But it is well on track to have a good future.
Operator: And speakers, we have no further questions in queue.
Aart de Geus: Well, in that case, let me first thank you to attend. My assumption is that, if not all of you, most of you attend from home, so we hope that your home situations, family situations are also safe and sound. And all the more do we appreciate hearing your voice and having your support on a quarterly basis through these earnings releases. Please take care of yourself and be well. Bye-bye.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-02-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2020. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instruction will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Laurie. Good afternoon. Hosting the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. Q1 was an excellent start to the year as we met or exceeded all of our guidance targets. Revenue was $834 million with GAAP earnings per share of $0.67 and non-GAAP earnings above our target range at $1.01. In December, we communicated our fiscal '20 guidance, high-single digit revenue growth, substantial ops margin expansion, mid-teens non-GAAP earnings per share growth and more than $800 million in operating cash flow. We are reaffirming our guidance for the year. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. Looking at the overall landscape, ongoing geopolitical tension and the recent coronavirus outbreak have generated items uncertainty around the world. Regarding the virus outbreak, our first priority has been the safety and health of our employees, customers and partners. We continue to monitor the situation and support our China teams as they continue to drive business execution. On the churn by those challenges, electronics companies ranging from traditional semiconductor and systems companies to new startups and hyperscalers persist in designing evermore complex chips and devices with a high degree of market urgency, driven by AI and machine learning, automotive, 5G, IoT and cloud expansion. The proliferation of Smart Everything is and will be the central driver for years to come. As a result, robust demand for our solutions has continued in 2020. Our innovation and technologies spanning the spectrum from silicon to software, absolutely central to the ambitious products and systems being built. Let me share some product highlights from the quarter, starting with EDA. An important differentiator for Synopsys continues to be our leading position in enabling manufacturing process development. With highly sophisticated simulation of new technologies, new transistors, and the structure needed for the most advanced fabs in world, we not only assist our manufacturing partners, but we also lay the groundwork for our design tools to be tuned and ready well before these technologies go into production design. On top of that, over the last several years, Synopsys has pioneered a new approach called Fusion that literally fuses algorithms from different tools resulting in faster and lower power chips in far less time. A showcase example of this is our Fusion Compiler product, introduced about a year ago. Within just a few months of its introduction, Fusion Compiler revealed itself as a revolutionary product. It is winning head-to-head benchmarks with consistently superior performance, power and area results across a broad set of applications. Results thus far are ahead of our initial plan with many customer engagements progressing very well, from exploring the tool to usage on a few life design blocks to production roll out. In Q1, we built upon several breakthroughs competitive wins, ranging from the largest global communications, processors and graphics firms to high impact cloud hyperscalers to multiple influential system houses. For example, AMD chose Fusion Compiler for its full flow digital design implementation of its next generation processes. Fusion Compiler is displacing the competition of the large hyperscaler for next generation ARM core-based graphics design at 5-nanometer and below. We achieved a significant win at a large multinational consumer electronics company on next-gen ARM CPU core. We're spending displacement and deployments at a leading mobile company for critical 5G designs at 5-and 4-nanometer. A leading U.S. semiconductor company is deploying Fusion Compiler on all new graphics designs, taking advantage of better run time and quality of results. We displaced the competition for ARM core designs at a leading automotive semiconductor company and we expanded proliferation at a large U.S. semiconductor leader with a new win in wireless design. While still relatively early in our multi-year product cycle, these important wins represent significant momentum and usage share gain, which will flow into revenue overtime. The Fusion concept is very powerful and is getting great results across Synopsys as our innovation continues at a rapid pace. Stay tuned for some exciting new product announcements as we approach our March Silicon Valley user group event. Let me now turn to custom design, a product area that underwent a multiyear innovation push and has seen excellent progress over the last 18 months, not only are we now highly competitive for advanced nodes, we continue to see a growing number of displacements and full flow engagements. Our expansion is driven by fresh innovations focused on maximizing designer productivity. Customers are experiencing this benefit and we saw excellent growth in revenue from our custom compiler product again this quarter. For example, a high impact global systems company expanded its full flow usage in Q1, proliferating after a significant competitive displacement. Additional custom compiler wins include a leading silicon photonics developer and a CMOS image sensor company. Let me now move to our Verification Continuum Platform where we maintain our number one market share position. In verification software, we gained share in Q1 at a large global hyperscaler driven their growing needs for verification capacity across our platform. Meanwhile, demand for hardware-based verification is high across the board, driven by continued complexity growth in new designs. The speed and capacity of our solutions are particularly well suited whenever software bring up is involved. While a strong Q1 last year makes for a tough year-over-year hardware comparison, we continue to gain momentum with both new and existing customers. In Q1, we gained 9 new logos and 34 repeat orders including very high profile systems and semiconductor companies. NEC for example, chose our ZeBu emulation system over the incumbents for their high performance compute solutions due to our superior performance, very fast bring up time and unique debug visibility. In Q1, we also announced the acquisition of the DINI Group, which further expands our half FPGA base prototyping portfolio. Now to IP which continues to deliver strong results, as the number one provider of interface, embedded memory, analog and foundry-specific IP, we provide the industry's broadest portfolio covering all key markets, AI, automotive, cloud, IoT and 5G mobile. Our demonstrated strength in high-performance cloud computing applications is evidenced in several areas. We've already achieved more than 60 design wins in PCI Express 5.0. Our new die-to-die 56 and 112 gig SerDes continues to gain market traction. We also have a significant IP portfolio win with a major China e-commerce company for micro server applications. Our leadership position in USB led to multiple Tier 1 processors semiconductor companies adopting our newest generation USB 4.0 IP and a leading 500 meter process. We're also seeing unmatched leadership and momentum in automotive where our automotive grade IP is being used by 10 of the top 11 semiconductor suppliers to that industry. One notable example is Qualcomm, which selected our automotive IP portfolio including interface, ARM processors and embedded test and repair solutions for their new Snapdragon or Ride Platform for autonomous driving. Finally, we continue to expand our IP portfolio with acquisition of technologies from eSilicon and INVECAS, the latter closing just last week. Along with valuable technology, these acquisitions also enable us to further scale our IP development to meet high customer demand across growing markets. Now the Software Integrity, the tools that test software code for security, vulnerabilities and quality issues. We delivered a solid beginning to the year with business levels up more than 30% over the same period last year. We saw continued progress in driving multiyear, multimillion dollar agreements, booking several across multiple verticals. As I mentioned in December, we've entered Phase 2 of our strategy, scaling into the 500 million to 1 billion revenue space. To accomplish this, we're focused on four areas; one, expanding our cloud-base Polaris Software Integrity platform to additional product integrations; two, scaling consulting engagements to fully leverage a key differentiator in the software DevOps market; three, refining our channel to better serve large enterprise customers, key market verticals and new regional business; and four, evolving our management team for the complexity and size of a larger business. We're moving fast on all of these. Just last week, we announced the extension of the Polaris platform, bringing static testing and software composition analysis directly to the developers desktop. This first of its kind solution enables developers to seamlessly find and fix security weaknesses in proprietary code and known vulnerabilities in open source code, all within that desktop development environment. We also added the team and products from Tinfoil Security, broadening our product offerings for Dynamic Application Security Testing or DAST, and adding API scanning capability. Our scaling efforts in the fields also progressing well as we've ramped up hiring activity and are excited about the sales energy in the organization. A good example of the power of the combination of products and consulting is one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world. Our relationships that began with a small initial service engagement to help them respond to a security bridge, has grown to include both product purchases and add additional services to help them proliferate our solutions. We're also moving fast to scale our leadership and management teams to the next level. We have launched an external search for a new general manager to lead your innovation into the $500 million to $1 billion level. While these efforts will flow into revenue over time, we're encouraged by the positive side. There's a tremendous opportunity in this space and we're well positioned to enable companies to improve the security and quality of their software with a combination of high value products, a great new platform and enabling consulting services. In closing, Q1 was a very good start to the year. We delivered strong financial results and our reaffirming outlook for fiscal 2020. Even with some caution around global markets, electronics companies continue to invest in critical chip and system designs as well as immense amounts of sophisticated software. Our innovation engine is prolific and this quarter, we will be introducing a number of exciting new products and differentiating capabilities. We are committed and on track towards our mid-and long-term growth and margin expansion targets. Finally, let me thank our customers for their business and our employees for their dedication and hard work in delivering continued strong results. Trac will now highlight the financial perspective.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. We delivered strong start to the year, meeting or exceeding our guidance targets for the quarter, and we are on pace for our four year plan. We remained relentlessly focused on execution, generating revenue for the quarter at the high end of our target range and non-GAAP earnings per share well above the range. We produced another quarter strong collections, which contribute to a positive cash flow in a quarter that is typically an outflow due to variable compensation payouts, and we launched a $100 million share repurchase. Our increasingly diverse customer base our strong product portfolio combined with our nearly 90% recurring revenue model position us for success in peers of high demand as well as those of great uncertainty. Multiple factors including the entity list, export restrictions and broader trade tensions as well as the coronavirus situation have added to market volatility. Based on our current view and the strength of our business, we are confident in our abilities to manage through this uncertainty and we are reiterating our guidance for the year. I'll now review our first quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $834 million. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $749 million, with strong growth in IP and a tough hardware comparison over the strong Q1 of last year. Excluding hardware and the impact of entity list, trade restrictions, EDA software results remain within our long-term target range of mid-to-high single digits. Software Integrity segment revenue was $86 million, 10% of total, and business levels for the quarter increased more than 30%. Because of our largely time-based model, the associated revenue would be recognized over the life of the contracts. Moving on to expenses. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $747 million, which includes approximately 9 million in restructuring costs. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were 647 million resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 22.4%. Our Q1 margin reflects revenue profile this year as well as the change in the timing of general salary increases now in Q1. We're on track to generate approximately 200 basis points of up margin expansion for the year. Adjusted operating margin for Semiconductor & System Design was 23.9% a softer integrity was 9.4%. Finally, GAAP earnings per share were $0.67 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.01. Turning to cash, we generated a 10 million in operating cash flow. Including this $100 million Q1 ASR, we've repurchased 1.9 billion of our stock since 2015 or approximately 80% of our free cash flow returned to shareholders over that period. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of 700 million at total debt of 331 million. A couple of comments before I move on to our targets, as I've noted, we delivered a strong start to the year and we are reiterating our full year guidance. We are maintaining our first half, second half revenue split of roughly 45%, 55%, which reflects forecast the timing of IP and hardware deliveries as well as general prudence given the uncertainty around the unfolding coronavirus situation. For fiscal 2020, we are targeting revenue of 3.6 billion to 3.6 5 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses between 2.95 billion and 3 billion. Total non GAAP costs and expenses between 2.63 billion and 2.66 billion, resulting in a non GAAP operating margin of approximately 27%. GAAP earnings of $3.68 to $3.87 per share. Non-GAAP earnings of $5.18 to $5.25 per share. Cash growth from operations of 800 million to 825 million and capital expenditures of approximately 180 million, we expect capital expenditures to decline in 2021. Now to the targets for the second quarter, revenue between 820 million and 850 million, total GAAP cost and expenses between 724 million and 758 million total, the non GAAP cost and expenses between 645 million and 665 million, GAAP earnings of $0.49 to $0.62 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $0.96 to $1.01 per share. In conclusion, our focused execution enabled us to again deliver strong results, meeting or exceeding our targets. With a very good start in Q1, we're reaffirming the full year guidance provided in December. We are also tracking well to our goals of high twenties operating margin by 2021 and profitability at 30% range longer term, as we move towards our next milestone of $4 billion in revenue. We remain committed to balance capital allocation strategy consisting of investing in the business for gross while continuing to return capital shareholders, as we focus on driving sustainable long-term shareholder value. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question from the line of Rich Valera with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Our question on Software Integrity. So you've mentioned you had very good business level and you said 30% increase in business levels, but it looked like revenue decelerated pretty sharply in the business. So just wanted to understand, if business levels refer to bookings and why the deceleration in revenue and what might drive that to reaccelerate?
Aart de Geus: So, you're correct business levels referred to bookings and you may recall that, last quarter reported that 2019 had been relatively weak in terms of bookings. And so, what you saw is the result of that plus whatever was transacted during the quarter. And so, our objective obviously is to now build back to a high level and we will actively pursue that.
Rich Valera: Any thoughts or commentary on when that business might reaccelerate sort of into the double digits routines?
Aart de Geus: Well, I mean, we've just finished what we thought was a strong quarter, so it's easier said than done to just keep doing that, but that's obviously the objective, right, is to invest in some of the channel areas specifically that I think can be more balanced for the opportunity space. And they share that, we move fast on the deployment of the Polaris platform and the integration of new capabilities. Those are sort of some of the cornerstones to the success of a long term business.
Trac Pham: Rich, Just keep in mind that in December, we also highlighted that the -- in December, we highlighted long-term growth for this business and for multi-year period is 15% to 20%. And we are committed to that and we should be able to grow at least with the market or faster.
Rich Valera: A quick follow-up to that. You've talked about the sales force realignment and it sounds like some new personnel being brought in. Where do you think that both the sales force is in terms of structure and personnel relative to where you want it to be? Is there more you need to bring and you feel like you've got pretty much the sort of the headcount you need to drive the business forward?
Aart de Geus: Well, we're now in active hiring. We have hired a number of people. It's both the combination of tuning, meaning putting it in the right organization and simultaneously filling the holes as we see opportunities and there are plenty of opportunities. So, no, we're far from done, but we have a good start and actually some of the changes that we made in '19 appear to have generally these quite a bit of energy on the front of the sales force that feels that they have a better shot this year than last year.
Trac Pham: I'd also reiterate that as part of our plan, we did contemplate the hiring -- additional highs in that business. We'll continue to invest that business as it scales; and as we said in December, which we're still on track for us maintaining margins relatively flat year-over-year.
Aart de Geus: So, all the commentary that we described is consistent with how we're managing the business.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Your line is open.
Aart de Geus: That's one of the easier questions. It sounds like we have no connection, operator.
Operator: Let me check, if Joe Vruwink your line is open. Okay, he may pop back into the queue here momentarily. I will go to our next person Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mitch Steves: The first one I kind of wanted to point to Trac. So given the coronavirus study, the macro concerns, my question is. Since you guys beat pretty nicely in the first quarter, would you have raised a full year assuming that there was no macro change? Or do you believe that this 30 encapsulated in your full year guide?
Trac Pham: It's affecting our guidance. I would say that it's not a meaningful impact of the year. We did get a very strong start of the year, so after 90 days, we feel very good about the outlook for the business on a full year basis. As we typically do describe, after one quarter, it's a good start and it gives us good progress to the year, but there's still a lot of business left the book.
Aart de Geus: If I may add to that, our business is actually mostly multi-year and so we have actually a fairly high degree of stability in our business towards events like this. At the same time, it is clear that some of the customers or the customers' customers are impacted because they may not be able to ship products. And so, it remains to be seen, if that makes its way all the way to us, but mostly we are quite isolated or insulated, I should say for all of these type of problems.
Mitch Steves: And then for my second one, just on the core EDA business. You guys have talked about a mid-to-high single digit growth. But if I look at this, it looks like the last about 5 to 6 quarters, now it's been below about 4%. So, I guess, why is a time based revenue flat year-over-year, if EDA software is still growing mid-to-high single? Is that just going to accelerate in the back half? And if so, I'm just trying to understand why that would be the case?
Trac Pham: Yes, Mitch, I would separate that question to two parts. The first part is, keep in mind that any emulation does show up in the EDA line. So from a product group perspective, we've continued to grow very nicely in hardware and that tends to be lumpy quarter-to-quarter, but its continued growth on multiyear basis that will affect the comparison. The second part, which you're trying to connect to is, this license type of time-based. Remember the last year, we did transition to 606. And the mix that you're going to see in the time-based versus up front line is affected by that, that revenue transition. As we've described, the numbers and the comparisons for EDA is colored by the timing of hardware this year as well as the entity list that was affecting both the EDA and IP line, but we still feel very comfortable about a long-term and our model to drive it in the mid-to-high single digits.
Operator: Go back to Joe Vruwink's line, he's with Baird. Please go ahead Joe.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, there we go. I wanted to revisit the last question just regarding EDA performance and I think, obviously appreciate in the market uncertainty, but your customers seemed to have a more optimistic view on their R&D activity in 2020 and I would argue 2021. If that acceleration does come through, is there any reason why is your EDA business wouldn't participate in that trend?
Aart de Geus: No, there's no reason that we'd not participate because -- as I think somewhat mentioned in the preamble, we see customer to be quite aggressive in what they're designing. And so fundamentally, we are in a good market and therefore participation be it in EDA or IP in that is absolutely a part of where we should do well. I think where we are cautious just because there have been so many changes in the global market that have had some impact. As we gave out the numbers, we encompassed the fact that we thought that we'd be no change to the entity list. And so, those are the types of things that we're dealing with for the year. But fundamentally, actually, I think that we are in a long-term good market leaving alone massive GDP fluctuation or anything like that. The technology needs are high for us and that's very encouraging.
Joe Vruwink: And then if I can follow up on Software Integrity, maybe trying to reconcile the comments a quarter ago that orders were that softer to what seems really like a snap back to this 30% number. Is that just the actions you outlined a quarter ago and you started out the call talking about? Are those beginning to bear fruit already or are there some other things going on?
Aart de Geus: Well, partially, the answer is definitely bear fruit because we have invested and made quite a number of changes, suddenly in the latter part of 2019. At the same time, I don't want to set an expectation that over 30% is the norm for every quarter. That's not where we guiding towards, but the fact is this was a very good quarter from an overall point of view. And so that will manifest itself in revenue over time. So I think we have a lot of opportunities to evolve the business to be capable of rising above the 0.5 billion mark and then you sort of in a different league of management. And so many of the investments that we're making are really all aimed at, you know the skill of scaling to that next level.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Jackson Ader with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader: The first one was on hardware. So coming out of last year, you mentioned that large hardware deals slipped and I’m not sure, if we heard an update on. What the expectations are for the timing and delivery of those now in 2020?
Aart de Geus: Well, we typically don't give a specific timing of shipments because some people try to understand which customer did what to whom. But the bottom line is, one of the reasons that we think we have a strong a year overall is that, hardware will be strong and actually the demand continues in that direction. It is also true that the delivery is lumpy and that is itself is visible somewhat in the first half, second half of the year.
Jackson Ader: Okay. I think I can follow the breadcrumbs there and then just the follow up on the Fusion wins, the competitive wins, specifically where you were -- where you mentioned you were displacing a competitor. Can you just give us a sense either a mix or just identify some of the wins whether these were brand new customers to Synopsys or whether they were re winning or winning back, a customer that had maybe shifted away in the past?
Aart de Geus: The answer is yes, yes, and yes. Meaning that, they fall in all categories. In the past, that has been relatively rare that we'd be brand new customers because they used some industry was relatively stable and actually partially consolidating. That has changed substantially in two ways. One is a number of the hyperscalers are becoming interestingly -- strongly interested in doing chip design. And secondly, there's a plethora of IP companies that are doing extremely advanced design on an extremely aggressive timescale. And for those the utilization of our tools is just imperative to be able to succeed. So, we have opportunities in all farms and the bottom line is we have to continue to push hard on the technology, but right now it's very, very strong.
Operator: We'll go to Adam Gonzalez with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Adam Gonzalez: First I just wanted to ask about the China market, and can you just discuss trends there excluding Huawei and how you see that market moving forward? And then, if you see any potential impact from the proposed changes to the regulatory outlook whether that changes to the de minimis rule or the foreign direct product rule?
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, if you take away the entity list then I would say, no change, meaning that China continues to be very active moving forward as a rapid pace, adopting new technologies, and our business is strong. Regarding the entity list, we had assumed and somewhat predicted that there would be no radical change in the near future. So far that has turned out to be true, but as we all know, things can happen in unexpected ways depending on how the tensions between the countries evolve. We do not expect that any part of the specific rules would have major impact on changes in our business because bottom line is to the entity list, we are not chipping. So that is sort of an all or nothing type cause situation already today.
Adam Gonzalez: And Trac, just wanted to follow up on the second half revenue outlook. Can you maybe give it a little more detail about what your expectations are for a split between Q3 and Q4? And then I think on the prior call you for the SIG business, you had outlined that you expect to ramp up spending this year such that margins would stay relatively flat throughout the year. Is that still the goal?
Trac Pham: Yes, that's still the goal. Let me start with the first question, this first half, second half. We do expect Q4 to be our direction of the largest quarter for revenues and EPS, and that's consistent with the guidance. With regards to SIG, we do expect the hiring ramp to continue throughout the year and that's reflected in the 200 basis point improvement. But a quarter-to-quarter, you can get a little noisy, but generally flattish with last year.
Operator: We'll go next to John pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John pitzer: My first question, the large North American CPU guy where you had historically a pretty good position seems to be going to kind of a fundamental change and they've been buying philosophy over the next couple where they're going to move away from doing everything, their own IP to maybe using some more off-the-shelf block IPs within their design. I'm kind of curious, what are the puts and takes or the opportunities that, that might create for you or the EDA space?
Aart de Geus: John, my apologies, but we sort of understood every section word. And so, we sort of made out of the words IP and the word trend, I think, apologize. Is it possible to, to try to summarize just sort of the three or four words that are most interested you and they'll try to fabricate a response to that.
John pitzer: Does this sound better?
Aart de Geus: Yes. There's sort of this wobbling sound as if you were underwater.
John Pitzer: Yes, I apologize. I'm on a cellphone. Is this any better or not?
Aart de Geus: Marginally so, did I get the word IP correctly?
John Pitzer: Yes. The question is that the large North American CPU guy is moving to kind of a different design philosophy methodology, where they're going to be using less of their own kind of internal IP design or off-the-shelf blocks. I'm kind of curious as to what that means for you or the EDA space?
Aart de Geus: I think I understand the question. I'll try to reask it a little bit, which is essentially of the North American CPU guys, are they changing their design methodology to use more reusable IP? Well, I want to broaden the question slightly because answering for there are not that many North American CPU guys, and it's not appropriate for me to answer in a fashion that recognizes the customers. But what I can say in general is there's no question that around CPU design, and I'll include in that GPU and all the views that are specialized for AI, the design methodology is definitely evolving. There's certainly some people that continue the old way to massively optimize for the last gigahertz, but for a majority, there's definitely a drift toward applications that use much more data so that tend to be more a machine learning-oriented. And with that comes architectures that are very much focused on getting data in and off chip. And so that in itself brings about a natural increase of potentially reasonable IP. And yes, I think the quality of the IP, the advanced nature, meaning the advanced nodes that our IP is available today and the close collaboration we have with all of these customers has made it possible that they're now counting for design methodologies that use substantially more IP than they did in the past. We expect that to continue, and we also expect to continue that the IP will become more complex because with the smaller nodes, it really takes a lot of effort to make them work very well. But it is now absolutely a distinguishing capability of the Company. So essentially, what I'm trying to express to you is the IP business is difficult, but it is a great business for us to be in because it will continue to grow. It will continue to be demanding and therefore, a good area for us to be in. And we have long-term relationships with these customers where they acquire more and more pieces from us.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. As my follow-up, Trac, you said there was no impact from the coronavirus on the full fiscal year and that's understandable. Is there any cushion that you're embedding in the current quarter guidance? And to the extent that Software Integrity is not a part of the op margin expansion during this year, how do we think about that business going into 2021? And kind of at what leverage levels would you expect there to be a significant inflection in op margin for that business?
Trac Pham: So the question is the first question is related to Q2. My comment on the coronavirus to the numbers is consistent with Q2 and the full year, it's not meaningful. This is our best outlook for the year and I think it's pretty consistent with how we've been planning the year. With regards to SIG margins, we should be improving margins in FY 2021, and that's going to be a combination of us growing that business and continuing to scale that up and be more productive with the investments.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Aart, for you first. In your answer just now to a question regarding the evolution of design methodologies, you put it largely in the context of the role or adoption of IT. Could you also speak to that in terms of core EDA and in terms of how customers are differentiating themselves vis-a-vis design process and the employment of the tools? I'm sure this has been the case since the primordial days of EDA three decades ago. And but when you look at the multiple applications and needs that you talk about, in what way do you think core EDA design flows, processes, methodologies are evolving or need to evolve for customers to continue to distinguish themselves aside from your incorporation of standard IP? For you, Trac, with regard to IT. In fiscal 2019, according to the 10-K, there was a $235 million positive impact from upfront IT revenue although total IT revenues increased by just over $100 million. How are you thinking about those wonderful 606 mechanics in 2020 with regard to the tough comp you would have on IT upfront revenue versus perhaps a somewhat easier comp on IT subs revenue?
Aart de Geus: Okay. Let me start. Of course, your question can lead to 0.5 hour dissertation, which I will not do. But the first thing to start with is that there's still a continuation of adoption of extremely advanced nodes, and with that comes a nonstop demand for all of our tools, all the ones reaching deep into the physics and certainly all the physical design tools to be up to speed with these nodes. And by the way, their development is less clearly defined in time, meaning that a new node comes out, and then within three months, there's another version of that node and another three months, another version. And so there's constant adaptation as people are really squeezing out the max. Now in parallel to that, maybe less relevant but still worthwhile to note is that some of the older nodes are also being put more to use as people figure out that was the new tools, they can squeeze out more value out of those nodes and not all the products need the most advanced capabilities. Having said that, on the advanced capabilities, if there are two or three trends I could highlight for the tools, one is this notion that the capacity of the tools needs to continue to increase, because on Moore's Law, the one factor that really has not slowed down is the notion of increased density. Still more transistors per chip and that adds a lot of value for what you can do. In order to do that, we need to make sure that our tools interact well with each other. And so the notion of Fusion is really profound because it attempts to have every tool understand somewhat what the other tools will do and essentially have better team play, so to speak. What comes on top of that is that now the application of AI is absolutely deeply anchored already in our business. And we have capabilities in every one of our tools that are impacted by improvements through AI and increasingly, we'll see capabilities between the tools. The last comment I'll make is in the verification space, where a trend that we had diagnosed early on continues at high speed, which is with the strengthening of the chips and the combinations of chips, and I'm looking here at things that are assembled in a 3D fashion of multiple chips talking to each other such as processors and memories and maybe sensors, the importance of being able to verify both the hardware and the software. At the same time continues to grow because whichever is the slowest or the worst of in quality will determine when something goes to market. And so that is the area where advanced stimulation techniques, emulation, prototyping play in. So those are sort of the forces that govern what we do. And I can bet that by next week, there will be yet another demand for something to keep going because there is no deceleration in sight.
Trac Pham: So Jay, on your question regarding IP, let me start by saying that we're very positive about our IP business. This is a as we described, a low double-digit growth business. And everything we're seeing in the marketplace and our bookings continue to reflect that outlook. That said, the 606 transition does introduce more variability to the numbers on a quarterly basis. But on a full year basis and on a multiyear basis, this is a very good growth business for us as reflected in the guidance for the full year.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Also Trac, could you update us on your backlog number?
Trac Pham: Well, I know you're going to read our Q that's coming out shortly, and you'll see that the backlog is it's pretty steady at $4.4 billion and directionally up versus last quarter. And then within that, the run rate that we the business that we book was actually very positive.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. The acquisition of Tinfoil fills a nice hole in the dynamic testing side for your SIG portfolio. Can you talk about how that acquisition came about? And maybe any other small holes your current offering has?
Aart de Geus: It is a very nice acquisition. And in these new markets, everybody knows everybody. And so then the question is always, are there some acquisitions that are both timely, that are economically reasonable and where we can integrate rapidly in a broader solution? And of course, we have had experience in this EDA business for many really decades. And so there's some similarity in that. And what was particularly intriguing is that Tinfoil fits so nicely in the Polaris platform. Of course, we have to do the integration. But this is exactly the type of capabilities that we'd love to have there because it makes the platform more useful, more versatile for our customers as they adopt it, and it was designed to make these type of integrations possible and not too costly. So if I add to that, the fact that Tinfoil is truly remarkable, high-quality company with some stunning individuals in terms of their ability to look at the future. We and by the way, the locals that makes it easier to integrate. So far, it looks really promising.
Jason Celino: Okay. And then similar topic, the acquisition of the IP assets over the last few months, how should we think about those as far as complementary to the growth opportunity in IP or kind of the margin expansion opportunity in IP?
Aart de Geus: Very good question. So our IP business is really two components: one is to continually drive both the breadth but I would say just as much the depth of what we do in IP. And depths would be the new technologies new versions of the technology, etc. But the other part is that actually, IP does require quite a bit of work. They are very often statement of works on delivering IP that fits exactly the needs of a customer, so maybe some small variations or some tuning for a specific technology. And so continuing to grow a workforce that can do this is just part of continuing to scale it overall. And so in both the cases of INVECAS and eSilicon was a combination of some technologies, and but most importantly, also a workforce that was very well suited for the type of needs that we have. So we see it as essentially just another way of continuing to broaden and grow our business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I had two of them. First one for Aart. Aart, if you look at it, like high-performance computing over the last several years has swung from being centralized cloud and now it's more distributed toward the edge. Kind of curious, how does this change the EDA landscape, if at all? Did requirements for EDA change at the edge? I'm just curious on that, and then I had a follow-up for Trac.
Aart de Geus: Well, most of the super high-performance computing is reasonably centralized. But it is true that a number of the edge application, if you call a car an edge, there's a lot of computation that's going into that. And so I would say in general, the difference of design is not that marked unless you have two things that changed: one is the need for low power, i.e., battery-operated type things. And so there, you have the never-ending challenge of how much performance can you squeeze out without draining the battery in, no time. And that's not a new problem. It really started to come up when mobility came up in the early 2000s. But the other thing is that in a number of edge applications now, these computational devices can be used in machines that can actually be lethal. And a car is definitely potentially lethal but so could be a robot or so. And so with that comes a whole set of other rules that one have to serve in the design of the chips such as having the capability for a chip to diagnose itself as faulty, and in some cases, to diagnose itself and at least temporarily repair itself by having, for example, duplication of some capabilities. Now it took us a while to catch up on all those rules because many of those rules are very old. They come from the automotive industry. But now, and I think we highlighted maybe in the script on automotive. Synopsys is really well on top of this. And so much so that we now participate in the premiums where the next set of rules are being developed and pioneered. So those are sort of the differences. But for the rest, it's like it's never good enough, it's never fast enough. It's never low-power enough. That continues. And while these sound like negative words, they're music to our years, A lot more opportunity for us.
Krish Sankar: Got it. That's very helpful, Aart, and then a quick follow-up for Trac. It looks like your fiscal 2020 revenue guide is largely unexpected because of the virus. I understand the stability of your revenue stream, but I would have thought that there would have been some impact on the hardware innovation business, given that's a little more variable. Kind of curious, are you not seeing any of that impact in hardware or emulation?
Trac Pham: Well, our guidance reflects the best information we have right now, and the demand from our customers continues to be very strong. I think part of it is that it's going to be the variability is going to be mostly on the timing of it, but that's contemplated in the guidance. As far as growth goes, keep in mind every year, we look at the year and we say that it's going to be hard to grow off of a record year, which is what we had in 2019. But we feel very good about where we are and the pipeline that we've got in place.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Josh Tilton with Berenberg Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Josh Tilton: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my questions. First, on Software Integrity, just how many months are left on the total Polaris rollout? What key functionality remains to be integrated? And should we expect a step-up in margins once the platform is fully rolled out?
Aart de Geus: Maybe it's strange thing to answer, but that rollout will continue, hopefully, for a long, long time, meaning, many years. The reason is being that the basic capabilities of Polaris as a platform are there. Now the question is, how well do we integrate multiple applications? And the power of a platform is precisely because it handles multiple applications in a way that makes life much easier for the user instead of having to deal with different products that may have different interfaces, data representations, etc. So what is encouraging is that we now have already multiple capabilities on there. And you may realize that, I mentioned that the Tinfoil acquisition is slated to be integrated next. And so that's a good way to think about it. Hopefully, we can do many more things. Now the platform itself will continue to evolve. They all do and it's hard for me to say what's the life cycle for a platform in this area, which is still new to us, but if you look at sort of EDA, our platforms typically have lasted somewhere between 10 to 15 years.
Trac Pham: And helped drive margin expansion over time as we ramp up on the platform, but it's going to come across from a variety of things, both revenue growth, operating efficiencies and then getting the benefit of the platform.
Josh Tilton: That was helpful and then just following up on Fusion Compiler. Has it been going up head-to-head specifically against Cadence's full digital flow? And if so, how have the win rates been there?
Aart de Geus: Well, we really have mostly one competitor in that area and it's a very worthy competitor. So yes, we compete all the time against Cadence. Let me just leave it at the fact that, I think right now, we have a very, very strong capability.
Operator: I'll turn it back over to our speakers.
A - Aart de Geus: Well, with that, thank you for all the questions, and again, thank you for your support. We had a strong quarter. We have a whole rest of the year to go, as you know, and we look forward to talking to you again in the quarter. Be aware that for some of you, we are also available later on after the call.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our teleconference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-12-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, everyone. Hosting the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release, financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I'm pleased to report another excellent quarter and with it an outstanding year for Synopsys. In fiscal 2019, a year in which we successfully navigated several external challenges, we once again exceeded our plan. We generated $3.36 billion in revenue and are well on track to our next milestone of $4 billion. Our backlog grew to $4.4 billion. We expanded operating margin significantly and delivered 17% non-GAAP earnings growth to $4.56 for the year, while returning $329 million to shareholders through buybacks. Business was strong across our Semiconductor & System Design segment and strengthened as the year progressed. Software Integrity achieved profitability and grew 19% to $335 million. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. Against a challenging global market backdrop with geopolitical stress and unevenness in the semiconductor industry, design activity remains strong. Growth in machine learning, automotive 5G, IoT, cloud and the proliferation of Smart Everything is considerable. New entrants including AI start-ups and cloud hyperscalers are pushing the boundaries of technology and time to market. Synopsys is at the center of this wave of innovation and growth, and we are uniquely positioned to enable electronics design from the intricacies and complexity of silicon to the power and pervasiveness of software. A year ago, I communicated our strategy for our next phase of growth. First, sustain and grow our technology and market leadership in EDA and IP. Second, continue to scale and grow Software Integrity in a diverse customer base at new TAM, while steadily moving to solid profitability. And third, further drive operational excellence towards multi-year operating margin expansion. During fiscal '19, we made very good progress on all three. Let me provide some highlights beginning with EDA and IP, where we substantially expanded relationships with our customers and ecosystem partners. TSMC, for example, recognized Synopsys with Partner of the Year Awards for the ninth straight year. Award this year were for Interface IP, joint development of 6-nanometer design infrastructure, joint delivery of innovative 3D chip stacking and cloud-based productivity solutions. In addition, some of the world's largest and most influential companies expanded their reliance on us. One key example is the US mobile systems leader, who significantly expanded its business with us across both EDA and IP. In EDA, our platforms increasingly stand out as the strongest they've ever been. This year, we began proliferating several game-changing new products that already have significant momentum. Notably, our unrelenting innovation push in digital design is driving benchmark wins and increased competitive displacements. Our Fusion platform, including our new Fusion Compiler product launched last November is achieving widespread wins and growing deployment, exceeding our initial business targets. Fusion Compiler is winning head to head benchmarks with consistently better results and run time across many applications. Breakthrough competitive wins have ranged from the largest global communications, processor and graphics firms to high impacts cloud hyperscalers to multiple influential system houses such as a large global consumer electronics company for image sensor designs, a leading automotive semiconductor company for autonomous driving SoC designs, and expanded competitive displacements at a leading mobile company for 5-nanometer and sub 5-nanometer designs. Benchmark wins at a US-based graphics company with superior quality of results and turnaround time, a large cap US systems company selecting Fusion Compiler as its primary solution for digital implementation, and the US semiconductor leader who is aggressively expanding deployment of Fusion Compiler for its mission critical programs representing more than 95% of its business. While still early in our multi-year product cycle, these important wins represent significant momentum and usage share gains, setting the stage for revenue share gains going forward. Turning to custom design, Custom Compiler revenue nearly doubled this year, fueled by multiple full-flow competitive displacements. Our expansion is driven by key wins in the 5G, AI and server chip markets, including a Tier 1 North American server company, a large US high-speed communications chip maker and complete full-flow competitive displacements at a large IDM in Japan and a major DRAM company. We also announced a full-flow Custom Compiler platform deployment at Samsung for its five LPE process and are seeing good momentum with start-ups, who are not locked into a legacy flows and demand modern technology. Let me now move to our Verification Continuum platform, where we hold the Number 1 market share position in both software and hardware. Benefiting from native integration of the fastest engines on the market, our verification software products continue to drive competitive wins and proliferation. Contributing substantially to growth are broad set of system houses and chipmakers ranging from cloud hyperscalers in North America to AI, automotive, mobile and memory leaders around the world. Hardware-based verification was strong as well. Despite our largest hardware customer delaying delivery of a substantial number of emulators due to near-term spending priorities, we finished the year with a record hardware revenue. We maintain the Number 1 market segment position for the third year in a row. Our hardware products are particularly well suited to today's complex designs with unmatched speed, highest capacity, lowest cost of ownership and lowest power consumption. As a result, we significantly expanded our customer base, adding nearly 40 new customers and more than 80 repeat orders in 2019. We saw major expansions and share gains at influential customers ranging from prominent global systems companies to growing hyperscalers and leading semis. AMD, for example, standardized on ZeBu, expanding the emulation capacity to accelerate time to market for processor, graphics and gaming chips. Now to IP. With strong market demand and our rich portfolio are driving double-digit growth. We had a record year, reaching more than $750 million in revenue, with prominent engagements across all major markets, including AI, automotive, cloud and 5G. As the Number 1 provider of interface, embedded memory and foundry-specific IP, we provide the industry's broadest portfolio to address today's most complex design requirements, accelerate time to market and lower risk for customers. We have particular strengths in USB, memory interfaces and PCI Express 5.0. This year, we achieved the significant milestone of $1 billion in cumulative USB IP bookings, bolstering our position as the Number 1 USB provider by far. And our new 56 and 112 gig SerDes IP is gaining good market traction. During 2019, momentum accelerated in automotive where we've achieved nearly 230 automotive socket wins and advanced FinFET processes across approximately 30 major semiconductor companies. We announced the collaboration with Infineon to incorporate the ARC embedded vision processor into their next-generation Rx controller to accelerate AI in automotive applications. From the embedded vision alliance, we were awarded the Best Process Award for 2019. Finally, our track record of delivering IP and advanced process nodes continues and is highly valued by our customers. We achieved more than 250 IP wins on TSMC's 7-nanometer FinFET process and announced the collaboration with TSMC for development of IP on their most advanced 5-nanometer process, where we signed yet another significant multi-year agreement with a very large global customer. We're also seeing great momentum with Samsung Foundry process down to four LPE and global foundries across a range of processes. Now to Software Integrity, the tools that test software code for security vulnerabilities and quality issues. We entered this new TAM in 2014. By the end of 2018, we had completed a number of significant acquisitions, integrated them into Synopsys and enhanced our products with new features and broader language coverage. In 2019, we completed Phase 1 of our Software Integrity strategy by delivering 10% of Synopsys' revenue and achieving approximately 10% operating margin. Although orders were a bit softer than planned, we outpaced the market with 19% growth. This was achieved through progress in driving multi-year multi-million dollar agreements, a steady increase in the number of customers adopting multiple solutions and growth in all of our key verticals. In 2020, we are now moving to Phase 2, scaling the business to $0.5 billion and beyond. The opportunity is vast as companies must embed security testing into their software development process without compromising time to market. Synopsys is well positioned to enable this evolution with a great combination of high-value products and consulting services. Our scaling efforts for 2020 span three areas. One, expanding Polaris, our cloud-based Software Integrity platform. We announced Polaris in Q2, including a compelling road map of product integrations and new capabilities over the subsequent 12 to 18 months. We've had a growing number of adoptions thus far,, including a Fortune 500 insurance company and customers ranging from financial services to networking to medical and industrial digitalization. Stay tuned as we expand the Polaris capabilities and enhance support of large deployments. Two, scaling consulting engagements. This is where we help our customers with high-level benchmarking, program development advice, as well as large product deployments. It's a key Synopsys differentiator in the software and DevOps market. And three, refining our channel. We've realigned our sales organization to better serve large enterprise customers, key market verticals and new regional business. In FY '20, we intend to further increase both our sales and support capacity. We believe we are on track to exceed market growth in this business, delivering approximately 15% to 20% growth over the next couple of years as the market evolves. For 2020, we plan to hold non-GAAP operating margin roughly steady then resume expansion in 2021 and beyond. For Synopsys as a whole. In FY '20, we expect solid revenue growth even as we exclude from our forecast any revenue from companies currently on the US government's Entity List. Furthermore, we plan substantial non-GAAP operating margin expansion, mid-teens earnings per share growth and strong operating cash flow. In summary, we executed very well in 2019, delivering financial results substantially above beginnings of year targets. Market demand is strong and we are well positioned. Our product platforms are driving benchmark wins and competitive displacements. And we are driving continued financial execution and growth. As we move into the holiday season, I want to thank our employees for their innovative and hard work and our partners and customers for their continued commitment to our products and trust in Synopsys. With that, I'll turn it over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. 2019 was a very strong year. In spite of what was at times a tough macro environment, we achieved record results in all key metrics and finish well ahead of our initial expectations. We delivered these results despite multiple unique hurdles, including the operational transition to ASC 606, the US Entity List and general geopolitical uncertainty around the world. We delivered strong growth in revenue, non-GAAP earnings and operating cash flow, while expanding non-GAAP operating margin by almost 3 percentage points. We're entering 2020 well positioned to continue our momentum. Our product portfolio is as strong as it's ever been, which in combination with healthy design activity is driving robust demand. The result is reflected in our backlog, which ended the year at $4.4 billion up from $4.1 billion at the end of 2018 despite the ASC 606 backlog deduction. Our results speak to our solid execution and the durability of the business we built. Within approximately 90% recurring revenue model, a diversified customer base spanning multiple key verticals and geographies and a product portfolio consisting of mission critical tools, we are confident in our ability to deliver growth even in the context of an uneven macroeconomic environment. I will now review our full year 2019 results. We generated total revenue of $3.36 billion, 8% growth or 9% adjusting for the extra week in fiscal 2018. Semiconductor & System Design revenue was $3.03 billion, an increase of 7% or 8% adjusting for the extra week with both product groups contributing to the strong results. IP reported a strongest year-to-date and EDA software continues to grow well within our mid-to-high single-digit target range. Revenue had another record year, reflecting the broad-based strength of that business. We again earned the Number 1 market segment position as growth in our diversified customer base more than offset a decline in emulation revenue from our largest hardware customers. Excluding hardware, revenue from that customer grew very well. The Software Integrity segment generated revenue of $335 million, 19% growth or 20% adjusting for the extra week. As Aart discussed, 2019 marks the key milestones, as we grew the business to approximately 10% of total revenue, a solid profitability. Returning to the consolidated level, total GAAP costs and expenses were $2.84 billion, which includes approximately $47 million in restructuring costs as we work to optimize our resource allocation for sustainable long-term growth. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $2.52 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 25%. For our segments, adjusted operating margins were 26.7% for Semiconductor & System Design and 9.6% for Software Integrity. GAAP earnings per share were $3.45 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $4.56, 17% growth or 19% adjusting for the extra week. Turning to cash. Operating cash flow for the year was $801 million. We completed buybacks of $329 million in the year and $1.8 billion over the past five years, returning approximately 75% of our free cash flow to investors over that period. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $729 million and total debt of $138 million. Now to our targets, which assumed no change in the US government's Entity List during the year. Based on our current assessment of the timing of hardware and IP deliveries, we expect the first half, second half split of roughly 45%, 55% for revenue and 35%, 65% for EPS, due to more evenly distributed expenses. For fiscal 2020, revenue of $3.6 billion to $3.65 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $2.934 billion and $2.983 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $2.63 billion and $2.66 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 27%, other income and expenses between minus $16 million and minus $12 million. Our non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%; outstanding shares between $153 million and $156 million, GAAP earnings of $3.72 per share to $3.90 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $5.18 per share and $5.25 per share, cash flow from operations of $800 million to $825 million, and capital expenditures of approximately $180 million, as project timing costs some of the spending plan for 2019 to push into 2020. We expect expenditures to decline in 2021. Now, to the targets for the first quarter. Revenue between $805 million and $835 million, total GAAP costs and expenses between $715 million and $744 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $635 million and $655 million, other income expenses between minus $5 million and minus $3 million, our non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%, outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million, GAAP earnings of $0.43 to $0.54 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $0.89 to $0.94 per share. In summary, our results this year reflect our strong execution and the resiliency of our business model. Our strength came from across the portfolio as we exceeded our near-term commitments and made significant progress on our longer-term operating objectives. As we look to 2020 and beyond, our focus remains consistent, strong execution to deliver on our long-term targets of high single-digit revenue growth, sustained margin expansion to the high 20s in FY '21 and 30% longer-term, double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth and strong cash flow. These metrics, combined with the capital allocation strategy built on balancing internal investments, M&A and buybacks give us confidence in our ability to continue to drive sustainable long-term shareholder value. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we first turn to the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Good afternoon. Based on your annual profile or half-to-half profile, looks like you must be expecting significantly stronger hardware at least beyond the first quarter. Can you talk about if that's the case and what kind of visibility you have to that hardware ramp and if that includes a significant pickup from the large customer that was down last year and the hardware shipments?
Trac Pham: Hi, Rich. That's part of it. Yes, it's a combination of both IP and hardware deliveries that is affecting the quarterly profile.
Rich Valera: Got it. And can you just talk about your visibility to that, is that something that's kind of in backlog or how -- what are sort of underpins the visibility, particularly the hardware since that tends to be a little more volatile than the subscription revenues?
Trac Pham: Yes, you've taken a good point, which is that hardware and IP generally is more variable from quarter to quarter. And the way that we're projecting revenues for this year is no different than how we have done in the past. It's a combination of what is in backlog, as well as our assessment of our ability to close the deals that are in our pipeline and both in IP and hardware. So, it really does reflect our best estimate of the profile at this point.
Rich Valera: Great. Just quickly, it looks like SIG was a little bit light in the fourth quarter and you've moderated, I think, your longer-term target that had been 20% is now 15% to 20%. Is there anything structural you're seeing in that business? Or there is sort of large numbers as you grow it? How should we -- what accounts for that sort of moderation of that growth target there? Thank you.
Trac Pham: Yes. Rich, that's a good point. I'll start with the second half of your question, which is, is there any fundamental change in the business? And we don't see it that way. Certainly, we're very optimistic about that business and we do see a good outlook for it. We did see some challenges this year, which we were quick to address and we feel good that we should be able to continue to grow at the market rates or higher. And it is natural to us, it's a -- the natural ebbs and flows of growing the business.
Rich Valera: Great, thank you. Congratulations on a good year.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Mr. Steves, your line is open. You might have your phone muted.
Mitch Steves: Hey, sorry about that. Can you hear me?
Trac Pham: Hi, Mitch.
Aart de Geus: Now we can.
Mitch Steves: Sorry about that. So, I have really two questions. Unfortunately at the pick on track a little bit here, but, so if I look at the numbers from the guide you guys are giving us like kind of like 21%, 22% operating margin for Q1, but that implies the kind of the rest of the year that Q2 to Q4 is going to be around 28.6%. So wouldn't that mean that basically by '21, you're kind of getting close to high 20s starting the year or am I doing the math incorrectly there?
Trac Pham: Well, certainly for the full year, we expect to be around 27% operating margin. As we've said in the past, the quarterly profile is really an outcome of the plan. Candidly, when I think about the budget for FY '21, 99% of my time is really been focused on the full-year plan and making sure that we've got an outlook for revenue growth that is sustaining where we are and are accelerating some areas, and then making sure that we're investing in the appropriate places, while simultaneously improving margins for this year. The outcome of the quarterly profile really is just the timing of these deals. So I wouldn't read too much into the quarterly profile, and I'll close it out by saying, we remain committed to our long-term commitment of high 20s in FY '21 and we will comment on that further as the year progresses.
Mitch Steves: Okay. And the second one to add is you guys did have done a few smaller acquisitions lately and that includes employee headcount. And so all of that is encapsulated in the full year guide, you guys are giving correct meaning that there's going to be no additional OpEx in that number?
Trac Pham: Yes, that's correct.
Mitch Steves: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Trac Pham: All right.
Operator: We turn to the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead. Tom Diffely, you might have your line on mute.
Tom Diffely: Yes, hello, can you hear me?
Aart de Geus: Yes, we can.
Tom Diffely: All sorts [indiscernible] comes today. Yes, so just a quick question. When you look at the outlook for 2020 and the nice margin profile, if you look at it on a year-over-year basis, how would you split the margin growth from product mix versus overhead absorption versus potentially a fine tune cost structure?
Trac Pham: It's really kind of across the Board. The progress that we made this year in 2019 in terms of improving it by 3 percentage points really came across all areas of the business. We saw it across the different business groups from sales from the G&A functions. And it's really a continued and broad-based effort. For 2020 and beyond that we'll continue to do the same thing. It's really fine tuning across all areas of the business.
Tom Diffely: Okay, great. And then when you look at items like IP and hardware that tend to be a little lumpier, is there any other -- are there any trends in 2020 we should know about as far as it can be fourth quarter weighted, it can be even after the first quarter, any other kind of trends on a quarterly basis?
Trac Pham: We could probably help you with the quarterly profile in detail, but Q4 would likely tend to be the highest quarter for us given what we are -- what our visibility is at this point from both IP and hardware.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then final question. Is IP fairly seasonal at this point? I feel like it's always a little bit higher in the second half of the year.
Trac Pham: We're not really seeing much seasonality in the business. And as we said, it really depends on the timing of when the IP has delivered or when the IP is pulled down by our customers. And you're going to see that variability increase due to 606. So, just keep that in mind, but overall, the demand drivers for IP continues to be really strong and that's reflected in our outlook for 2020.
Tom Diffely: Great, thanks for your time today.
Trac Pham: All right. Thanks, Tom.
Operator: And next, we turn to the line of Adam Gonzalez with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Adam Gonzalez: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Can you just help us understand, I don't know if you guide out this far, but the revenue growth you expect by product group for fiscal '20, is it kind of in line with the longer-term targets you set out or is there any substantial deviation in any particular product group? Thank you.
Trac Pham: No, our long-term model spells it out pretty well between EDA, IP and Software Integrity. And typically, we don't break that down quarterly or on an annual basis. Our view is we do manage this business over a multi-year horizon and the beauty of it is that we have been pretty good about managing it within that range over time.
Adam Gonzalez: Got it. And the reason why I guess I asked that is because, there has been some weaker data points on enterprise spending overall. I'd imagine you are a bit more insulated from that given the relative size of your SIG business but are you seeing any kind of impact from that going into fiscal '20 or again, are you insulated from that? Thank you.
Trac Pham: Those sort of concerns are certainly factored into our guidance. I would reference you to how we performed historically and that's the great part of having a business that is close to 90% recurring is that there is adapting effect when things go through different cycles.
Aart de Geus: The other thing I would add to that is, certainly, if you look at the Software Integrity business, it's a business where we're actually very young in an emerging situation and so there are many, many customers that we haven't even touched yet. And so I think that is a fairly open space. Now overall, obviously, we're are subject to the fluctuations of the global markets. But from a technology utilization point of view right now, I think the demand for technology is quite high. And so the rates continues to be quite fast.
Adam Gonzalez: Great, thanks. I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: And next, we turn to the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Hey, everyone. I appreciate you taking the question. It looks like you're not going to file your 10-K until January 1. So I was hoping that on this call, you can share with us your next 12-month backlog, which excludes non-cancelable FSA and future royalties?
Trac Pham: We actually don't disclose that information. What?
Lisa Ewbank: In the K.
Trac Pham: In the K, we will discuss that. Do you have that number? I'm sorry, I don't have that number off the top of my head.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Part of the question is, is that it looks like you could take you next 12-month backlog as you've been disclosed in your recent SEC filings and you divide that by your next 12 months revenue expectations, which is I think the critical juncture now. It looks like you're generating more revenue or expect to generate more revenue from next 12-month backlog. So, just hoping that maybe you can speak to, why you guys are sort of modeling in lower turns business as it relates to that?
Trac Pham: Well, I'll give you some specific numbers around that. The backlog that we have scheduled for FY '20 is roughly 65%, that's lower than it's traditionally been, mostly because of the transition to 606 and with a hard -- higher mix of hardware and IP. From a modeling perspective, when we take into account what we have visibility to from hardware and IP. The range and -- the range of how we're building the business between backlog and turns and what we have visibility to is pretty consistent with what we've been managing to over the last few years.
Gary Mobley: Okay. And could you give us an update on the degree of the impact from the Entity List, not specific to maybe the one big customer, but maybe in the entirety?
Aart de Geus: Well, in general, as you know, we don't disclose the specific customers, nor do we disclose the subset of customers. Obviously, it has a negative impact, but at the same time, the guidance that we gave, which I think is rather strong has fully encompass the facts that we assuming zero return or zero revenue from the Entity List customers. So if things change for the better, we will let you know of course immediately. But for right now, the wisest path is to not comment much more about the situation.
Gary Mobley: Okay, alright. Didn't you comment in the past that it could be 100 basis point impact to the top line?
Trac Pham: No, we have not provided specific numbers around that.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Alright, that's it for me. Thanks, guys.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: Next, we turn to line of Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader: Thanks. Good evening, guys. First question is on the delay in the emulation and hardware, is this something that's just absolutely single customer specific or is it possible that it could be some symptom of a broader trend?
Aart de Geus: It was single customer specific.
Jackson Ader: Okay. Any -- just to follow up on that, any additional color on that, I mean, why the delay? Do you expected in, I think Rich asked earlier, what -- you expected in the first half or when the actual delivery will be, but any additional color you can give there?
Aart de Geus: No, we don't want to give color, because as you know, we always very cautious to not comment about specific customers. Maybe I can give a little color in a different dimension, which is we were quite diligent at finding opportunities to grow in a broader set of markets. And actually, if you look at our verification area and specifically the hardware, we did really, really well. And so, we have no doubt that the capabilities we offer, the very need for a lot of customers to run their software on prototypes where they don't have the real hardware yet, continues to be a great opportunity for us and we continue to both invest there and are bullish about the broader customer sets that we have.
Jackson Ader: Okay, thank you. That is actually helpful color. Then, switching gears to the Integrity business, the refining of the sales channel and looking to scale this thing to $500 million and beyond. So what do you think in the sales channel or sales processes needed to be refined relative to what you're doing in 2019? Any additional specifics you can give there?
Aart de Geus: Well, let me just take a first step back, given that we've had the unique experience of growing Synopsys literally through these phases as well. And I'm always thrilled by the fact that enterprises do go through different phases. And so, the $50 million company is very different than the $100 million and that in term is very different than the $0.25 billion [ph], and $500 million again is different. And the difference is essentially the complexity of how you manage not only internal product development and management, but also the external relationship with the customers. And this is certainly also true in the case of the Software Integrity group, because there too, there is also a bifurcation between large enterprise customers that typically are cautious and slow in adopting, but when they adopt they keep adopting and keep adopting and so they become over time the biggest spenders, versus many of the smaller agile companies that very quickly buy a few copies and then it's more ad hoc, how they expand. On top of that, you have the gradual broadening of geography, any of the startups that we acquired originally had certain geographies that they were focused on, we of course, are a global company and therefore open up broader domains. And then the third one, which is maybe more marked here that was in the semiconductor domain we originally was in -- were in is that they deal with individual verticals. And so, dealing with automotive is different than dealing with the financial sector or the health sector and so on. And so, you have sort of these multiple variables and now the question is, how do you deploy and manage your salespeople and support people, I should say against that backdrop of multiple dimensions? And that's just another way of saying, one continually learns and evolves and as we are looking now to Phase 2, which is the crossing of the $0.5 billion and beyond, that is essentially what we are talking about when we are saying, we have the opportunity to optimize our go-to-market again. And no doubt in 1.5 years, we will say it again.
Jackson Ader: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: And next, we turn to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. I'll ask both questions at the same time. First for you, Aart and then for, Trac. Aart, following up on the conversation we had when you were here in New York a couple of months ago, regarding the next big thing in EDA, you answered that prototyping, broadly speaking and new requirement and extraction would be the next growth driver for EDA. And by that you meant of course, not just hardware prototyping. And my question is, is this already showing itself in new business and how are you investing towards that since it's likely to be a multi-year phenomenon? And then secondly for Trac, you spoke of your largest customer in two separate ways, but we combine that and could you talk about the total business from the largest customer? In fiscal '18, according to last year's K, it was 15.4% of your business which worked out to just over $480 million and that was flat with '17, which have been up very strongly. So, many and now everything you just said about customer, did your business in fact grow either proportionately or in absolute terms? Thanks.
Aart de Geus: Okay, Jay. The next big thing and of course, next is always a function of short-term, long-term, medium-term, you name it. But we have to say, I sort of agree with my answer that I gave you a number of months ago, which is that the more systems we complex, the more it's necessary to essentially build mark-ups, we call those prototypes of them to see how well they work, because the working is often illustrated on how well the software runs and the challenges may very well be inside of the hardware. But in other words, you always have a very complex modeling proposition of how do you create a prototype of the hardware, the level of abstraction of the hardware to use that word and then run software on its agency, how fast is it? How much power does it consume, or there weird stops? What happens if something breaks, can you restart it if it's in the middle of some lock-up of things like that. And these things become a dramatically more important if the systems also impact life dangerous situations, such as driving a car or operating as some machinery. And it is very clear that a lot of the world is going is actually in that direction. So, how well have we done with that. Well, initially, we went after some markets that was considered to be extremely slow moving in stodgy and that was the automotive market, and that's quite radically changed a few years ago when two things happened. One is a car [indiscernible] Jeep and it was literally driven off the street by somebody using a cell phone. And secondly people suddenly saw the coming about of autonomous driving with all the potential and the challenges for security and safety. And it's been quite remarkable to see how the OEMs. So these are the end car companies have in term pushed on their Tier 1, which is their supply chain, which in terms pushes on the semiconductor guys which is their supply chain to now start putting all of these capabilities in model, so that they can assemble at long before the car is actually already has a prototype. And so we've been central to that and it's been quite rewarding to see how quickly this has advanced on an industry that fundamentally for good reason has to be slow, because it has to be safe. Now the concept I just described, actually happens in all of the more sophisticated electronic systems and this is only true also for a cellular phone that has a very short time to market where one can run the software on an emulator for example and actually discover surprises before I actually ships the product. So, that is one of the many directions that we are going into and it literally takes advantage of our entire stack of relationships in the supply chain and stack of relationships in the technology levels.
Trac Pham: Hi Jay, this is Trac. So to your second question, you will see in our 10-K filing in a couple of weeks that the revenue for our largest customer will be down in 2019, and that is strictly a function of the hardware decline. The rest of the business, EDA and IP, grew very well in 2019.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Got it. Thank you. If I could squeeze in one more, perhaps, regarding your headcount. Your number of AE openings has increased significantly and particularly in the Americas where they've nearly tripled over the last year and up by about 60% over the last year in Asia, flat in EMEA. So, maybe comment on what's driving that growth in AE rex? And is it coincidental indicator or leading indicator? How are you thinking about filling what is your second largest function by openings after R&D?
Aart de Geus: Jay, you always give me the best summary of our hiring practices. But the increase of AEs invariably has to do with either products that are in deployment and need support as we harvest the opportunity and that's certainly the case in areas such as Fusion Compiler, custom and many of the place of verification, or it is a gradual rebalancing of the geography make up as different parts of the world grow different rates or have different needs at various times. It is rarely the needs to increase specific skills, because our teams are actually quite strong and very broad, but every so often, bringing in some specialists, let's say, for example, in the prototyping or in the intersection of hardware and software can be quite beneficial as well. So, the fact that we are hiring, I think you can take as a positive in general and adding much more, it probably enters the competitive knowledge space, I'll refrain from that. Thank you.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we turn to the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Hi, thanks for taking my question. One, kind of tying back to Aart's comments about the SIG margins, 27% operating margin guidance for full year, on track to do the high 20s in fiscal '21. But how should we think about the design margins versus SIG margins? Because I think, Aart, you said that margins won't be as expensive in 2020, but then ramp again in 2021.
Aart de Geus: Yes, that's correct. I think we said that we hold SIG probably roughly flat and now of course that means if the rest of the ops margin for the Company growth and everybody has to chip in. And we have obviously multiple parts in the Company, everybody is sensitized to the operating margin that we want to achieve for the Company. And so all of the BUs and subgroups are all focusing on how do we get there, while at the same time not making any compromises for future growth. And so, you are probably aware that somewhat loosely, we used the rule of 40 as a guideline and so there is room for people to make improvements to get there. But on a strongly positive note, I think, Synopsys throughout management is not only sensitize to this desire, but very committed and has budget and plans to get there. So, from year to year, I think different BUs will get a little bit more or less of a reprieve as a function of the investment needed or corrections or whatever else we need to do, but in aggregate, we all know that we want to deliver on the numbers that we are guiding you towards.
Jason Celino: Okay, great. And then maybe a little more clarification if you can on some of the fiscal responsibility you'd see in your EDA side, because the guidance would suggest most of that improvement would have to come from that business?
Aart de Geus: Well, realize, of course, that if figures roughly 10% of Synopsys is tuned by definition, the rest of 90%, and we have multiple very different efforts in EDA and we have a relatively large, but still less than a quarter of the Company IP business. And so obviously, between those different groupings, they all have to contribute. And if I'm not mistaken, all but one of the businesses are heading towards improving ops margin, one of them is heading a little bit more towards growing the revenue, but in aggregate, and it's sometimes difficult to measure because they intertwine in the deals and so on. But in aggregate, it's all heading in the same direction, which has put a dent in the rule of 40.
Jason Celino: Great, thank you. I appreciate the color.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: Next, we turn to the line of Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. Aart, I think in your prepared comments, you said the SIG group could be $0.5 billion in revenues next year. If that is the case, it looks like your Semi and Systems division going to grow only like 3%, which seems lower than historical. Is that a function of the Entity List or is there anything else going on there? And then I have a follow-up.
Aart de Geus: Sorry, if I was not clear enough, but my statement was that the next milestone is to pass $0.5 billion. I did not say that it would pass $1 billion next year. And so, we gave you a sense of the growth rate for SIG at 15% to 20%, which we think is a bit above the markets that it is in right now. And so, fundamentally, there is no real change in the past that Synopsys is on and all its components from what we did this year and the past year. We're fortunate to have a set of businesses that are all doing well, some are very profitable also. And so it's an aggregate improvement that manifest itself in the financial result largely because of many years of big investments and a number of, I think, really good acquisitions that got integrated well. So, we are continuing the pathway and if you want to get a different sense of Synopsys, then just graph our results over the last 10 years and then you'll see a very different level of stability of how we manage the Company.
Krish Sankar: Got it. It's very helpful, Aart. And then just as a follow up, a much more longer-term industry question. Given you guys have a good portion of FPGA, HAPS, hardware and also you completed the acquisition of the DINI Group recently, I'm kind of curious from your vantage point and it looks like five years or more than five years out, where do you stand on the durability of FPGAs for AI applications? Reduced down on the FPGA versus SIG debate.
Aart de Geus: Well, the AI field itself is a field that has its own specialty and many, many companies that all making different bets. And it's useful to take a small step backwards, which is fundamentally, AI has one need, which is much, much, much, much, much faster computation. Well, no matter how hard we push on Moore's Law and so on, that's hard to achieve. And so the answer by definition has to be therefore, architectures will become optimized for different applications. Now, architectures can mean chips, it can be groups of chips, it can be FPGAs, it can be a combination of things. And actually a number of the very large suppliers who provide combinations of processors together was graphics processors together was FPGA pieces, all with one objective optimize for an architecture that's appropriate for specific situation. And so, in many ways, we ourselves have been a user of these capabilities, because of course, we use a lot of computation for our software tools. But the hardware tools that we provide is our own way to say for certain tasks, such as for simulation, we can do much better on an emulator or FPGA board. So, I expect all of these technologies to continue to evolve to continue to be available in various combinations and the race will continually be on of how do you build machines that can do really well. My last comment is, we ourselves are the provider of tools to a vast, vast group of emerging AI companies. And this is encouraging, because I think those people will not give up for quite a while in trying new architectures and some will ultimately go into very large volume. And so, in many ways, we see a number of those companies as hard technology drivers for Synopsys. And business wise, we're doing very well with them.
Krish Sankar: Thanks, Aart.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: And speakers, we have no further questions in queue.
Aart de Geus: Well, given that, as you heard, we had a very strong '19. We have a great outlook for '20. The market around us, which was a bit soft last year, looks up slight bit. There are a lot of uncertainties as we all know, but meanwhile, I think we're executing well and this is also a good time to say thank you to you for your support. You're often provocative and stimulating questions and we'll be back with some of you in the next half hour or so. Thank you.
Operator: It does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-08-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2019.At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thanks Anna. Good afternoon, everyone. Hosting the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings Press Release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings Press Release and financial supplement and 8-K that we released earlier today. All of these items plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at synopsis.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I'm happy to report that synopsis continues to execute very well and delivered excellent Q3 results. Revenue, non-GAAP earnings and cash flow were all ahead of plan. As a result of Q3 over achievement, and broad-based strength, we're raising guidance for the fiscal year.  These achievements reflect our increased momentum, evidence invisibly strong results and outlook, product differentiation and technical strength and demand for advance solutions throughout our business. We're progressing rapidly on our journey towards $4 billion and beyond, while increasing value with operating margin expansion already visible in our bottom-line results. Before I discuss the broader landscape, let me say a few words about the U.S.-China situation. The government’s entities ban has affected our revenues somewhat. However, even assuming the ban remains in place for the rest of the fiscal year, we're raising our targets. Given the sensitivity for our customers we’ll refrain from making any further comments. We're confident in our outlook, despite the geopolitical and economic backdrop, as global design activity and customer engagements are thriving. AI, automotive, 5G, IoT, cloud and the proliferation of smart everything are not only growing segments, but also very competitive thus requiring the advance solutions that Synopsis has to offer. After five years of substantial investments, our product platforms are the strongest they've ever been, putting us in an ideal position to benefit from the dynamic market trends. Notably, our new EDA products are winning share with competitive displacements at leading systems and semiconductor companies. We also had a record quarter with our broad portfolio of IP building blocks. Our IP offering is highly differentiated in driving time-to-market advantages for customers ranging from the largest market making companies to fast growing AI startups.  While investing heavily in both EDA and IP, we've also diversified our business and customer base into the high growth software security TAM. Our products and services are increasingly mission critical for the massive amounts of software that permeates our everyday lives. Our Software Integrity business is now at 10% of overall Synopsis revenue, is profitable and continues to scale well. We've accomplished all this, while beating our financial objectives, and raising our near-term and long-term financial ambitions. Building on our track record and the stability of our recurring revenue model, we're delivering significant margin expansion and solid double digit earnings growth. From the perspective of our product platforms, let me provide some highlights from the quarter beginning with EDA. As a result of our intense multi-year innovation push in digital design, including new game changing products and major updates. Our technology is winning benchmarks and driving increased competitive displacements, especially at advanced nodes. This is evident in our results as revenue growth for digital has accelerated. In particular, fusion compiler continues the strong momentum that began with its launch in November. It has won all head-to-head benchmarks completed to-date, with consistently better quality of results and runtime across multiple applications, be it mobile, 5G, high performance computing, data servers, automotive, AI, networking or graphics. We had several breakthrough competitive wins at noteworthy large semiconductor companies, including a significant competitive adoption at a leading U.S.-based mobile 5G company. We also won a decisive benchmark at a very large Taiwanese semiconductor company and achieved the win for 5-nanometer arm based hyper computing designs at a new well-funded European customer. Also in Q3, the internal IP core group of an international mobile company standardized on fusion compiler for all CPU and GPU designs at current and upcoming advanced nodes. A U.S. large cap systems company has selected Fusion Compiler as its primary platform for digital implementation. Finally, a premier U.S. semiconductor company is aggressively standing deployment of Fusion Compiler for its mission critical programs, representing more than 95% of its business. Turning to custom design, Synopsys is gaining share, bolstered by 30 plus percent revenue growth for Custom Compiler over the last four quarters. Our expansion is fueled by key wins in the 5G, AI and server chip markets, including a Tier 1 North American server company. We've also began multiple full flow competitive displacements, including at traditional analog our customers, and during the quarter we won yet another major contract at the large U.S. high speed communication chip maker. These wins are a result of powerful innovations that are driving 3x to 5x productivity benefits, especially for advanced node design, and a unique technical advantage by partnering with our world class mixed signal IP team. Moving on to our Verification Continuum Platform, where our early vision and technology strength have led to our number one market segment position. Verification software growth is strong, reflecting the impact of tight integration of the fastest simulation, with static and debug engines on the market, contributing substantially to this growth are large, influential cloud hyper scalars in North America notable evidence of the power of our solution. Hardware verification is strong as well. For the third year in a row, we stand as the number one provider in hardware verification overall, as well as in the emulation and FPGA based prototyping subcategories. By delivering the fastest, highest capacity and lowest cost of ownership solutions, with a preferred choice for complex hardware software designs. Hardware based systems have broad based appeal, from large processor companies to market leading systems houses, to emerging companies optimizing their software on hardware that is still in development. In addition to high secular market demand, we are winning important design slots, and customer adoptions continue to grow substantially. In the first three quarters of this year alone, we added 32 new customers and have 74 repeat orders. The significant broad base growth has offset a year-over-year decline in hardware revenue from our largest emulation customer, driven by the timing of product shipments. We expect that total hardware revenue this fiscal year will match or even exceed the banner results from last year. Now to IP, where strong market demand in our unmatched portfolio are driving double-digit growth. Q3 was a record quarter, including largest single IP order in our history with a prominent U.S. semiconductor company. We expect to deliver a record here as well. We see especially strong momentum in interface IP, where we are four to five times [ph] larger than our nearest competitor, along with memory and logic IP where we also lead the market. We're proud of our long positive track record of providing early availability of high quality IP at the key manufacturing processes. This commitment to vital technologies has driven our ongoing success from one IP generation to the next. As an example, our USB titles alone, past 1 billion in cumulative bookings this quarter. Cloud computing, particularly AI accelerators and hyperscale data centers is driving substantial growth. Market makers in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific are adopting IP across our portfolio at a rapid pace. Also strong our processers, particularly machine learning and AI engines for embedded vision, driven by top semi and systems companies. After significant investments to enhance our portfolio for automotive reliability and safety standards, we achieved another important milestone with ISO 9001 Certification of our IP Quality Management System, setting the foundation for further growth. Finally, we saw continued strong momentum in mobile, with multimillion dollar agreements at multiple global leaders. Which brings me to Software Integrity, where the combination of rapidly growing market needs and our wide-ranging and evolving portfolio are driving approximately 20% growth this year. We not only offer the broadest portfolio of tools and services, we're moving to the next level of impact and ease of adoption with our new Polaris Software Integrity Platform. Announced in Q2, it's a cloud based platform with a compelling integration roadmap for continual rollouts over the next 18 months. Polaris is drawing positive and growing interest from a wide range of customers. Building on the first adoption by a Fortune 500 insurance company in May, we received several new orders in Q3 from customers ranging from financial services to networking to a highly recognized beverage company. The acquisitions and integration of Black Duck and Cigital have been essential in building the leadership position we have today, as recognized by Gartner and Forrester. Addressing fundamental code quality and security, analyzing and flagging suspect open source code and engaging with enterprise customers, both technology up and management down are enabling high level strategic relationships. Renewal rates are up and we continue to see longer duration multimillion dollar agreements. Building off the current base of more than $300 million in revenue and increasing profitability we're enthusiastic about the long-term potential of this business. In summary, strong execution delivered excellent Q3 results, and we’re raising our annual revenue, non-GAAP earnings and cash flow guidance. Design activity continues unabated. Our product platforms are the strongest they've ever been and they're driving technology wins and competitive displacements. Finally, a sincere thank you, to our employees for their continued commitment to our customers and to the long-term success of our company. With that, I'll turn it over to Trac.
Trac Pham : Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. In Q3, we executed another strong quarter, delivering record results for revenue, non-GAAP earnings and operating cash flow. We also implemented a $100 million buyback bringing our total repurchases for the year to $229 million. Further, we continue to expand operating margins and expect to deliver nearly 300 basis points of expansion for the year, reaching approximately 25% non-GAAP operating margin at the midpoint of guidance. We are on track for another outstanding year, reflecting the strength of the first three quarters and a robust outlook that I will provide shortly. First I'll review our Q3 results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated consolidated total revenue of $853 million or 9% growth with a broad based strength across both our segments. Semiconductor & System design revenue was $769 million, while Software Integrity revenue was $84 million. This quarter, our Semiconductor & System Design segment was bolstered by strong customer demand and the timing of customer pull downs of our IP products. EDA software continues to perform very well within the Semiconductor & System Design segment. Although EDA hardware revenue declined year-over-year against a strong Q3 in 2018. Despite quarterly hardware variability, we do expect our total hardware business for the year to meet or exceed last year's record results. Consolidated total GAAP costs and expenses were $725 million, which includes approximately $19 million in restructuring costs. As we work to optimize our resource allocation for sustainable long-term growth. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $636 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 25.4%. At the segment level adjusting -- adjusted operating margins were 27.1% for Semiconductor & System design, and 10.5% for Software Integrity. Note that certain operating expenses such as stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles, and other expenses that are managed at the consolidated level have not been allocated to our segments. GAAP earnings per share were $0.65 and non-GAAP earnings per share $1.18. Turning to cash, operating cash flow was $370 million, and we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $687 million and total debt of $142 million. Now to our targets, which excludes any revenue in Q4 from companies currently on the government’s Entity List.  For fiscal 2019 revenue of $3.34 billion to $3.37 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $2.8 billion and $2.852 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $2.5 billion and $2.532 billion; resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin at the midpoint of approximately 25%; other income and expenses between a minus $4 million and minus $2 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%; operating margins -- outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million; GAAP earnings of $3.11 to $3.24 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $4.52 to $4.57 per share; Cash flow from operations of approximately $750 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $230 million, as $40 million of spending was shifted to fiscal 2020 due to project timing.  Now to the targets for the fourth quarter: Revenue between $830 million and $860 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $701 million and $733 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $630 million and $650 million; other income and expenses between minus $2 million and zero; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%; outstanding shares between $153 million and $156 million; GAAP earnings a $0.69 to $0.82 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $1.10 to $1.15 per shift. To conclude, our execution to three quarters demonstrates our ability to pursue growth in a variety of macroeconomic conditions, while maintaining focus on our longer term operating objectives. We continue to execute very well, both financially and operationally. We are significantly exceeding our beginning of the year objectives with high-single digit revenue growth, substantial operating margin expansion and solid double digit EPS growth.  And we continue to return a large portion of our free cash flow to shareholders in the form of buybacks. With the power of our portfolio and business model, we are confident in our ability to deliver sustainable, long-term shareholder value. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Maybe just to start off, your tone on the digital side was perhaps surprisingly positive, you mentioned that you basically won I guess all of your head to head benchmark, which is pretty significant. So just wanted to sort of get a your sort of state of the market there in digital and thoughts on how that's going to play out over the next year or two. I think you sort of admittedly came from a position of perhaps being behind and obviously invested a lot here. So just wanted to sort of get your updated thoughts on the digital marketplace?
Aart de Geus: Well, we've had the lead position actually for multiple decades. And at any point in time, one has to look at when to make big investments. And over the last few years, we made some very big investments, because we have come to the clear conclusion that individual products would gradually start to not get as good results instead of bringing them together. And so Fusion Compiler is the prime example for that, where the intersection of synthesis with place and route and a few other capabilities, is now generating really good results. And of course, you have high hopes for such a thing, but it's until you have actually real results that customers pay attention. And even then they go through benchmark and then to trying a few blocks and then to gradually institutionalize plan of record utilization over much broader set of chips. And so we introduced Fusion Compiler, I believe, last November or so. And so far, the results are truly stellar. And we're making very rapid advances. So that doesn't mean there's not a lot of work to be done. But it also means that I think we have still better results to deliver because this is the new platform for us.
Rich Valera: Got it. And then just on Software Integrity, it sounds like you're seeing what you hope to see with Polaris, which is more sort of larger and longer duration deals, but it does look like the growth may have slipped a little bit in the third quarter. I'm assuming that's just sort of lumpiness and that you still see this as a 20% growth business sort of medium term here?
Aart de Geus: Yes, that's the way we're looking at it. Of course, from quarter-to-quarter, it can vary. It is useful that you highlighted Polaris though. Because I'm a strong believer that right now there's so many companies all dealing with sort of snippets of security all over the place. And for all the large companies at some point in time, they want to have some more stability in how the Head of IT or the CSO, or anybody else who's in-charge of all the software in a company, to have an ability to not only bottom up, bring productivity, because you can destroy productivity if you're not going after security particularly well. But just as much bring some degree of controllership top down as to what portions of the code have actually been verified. And so it's in that context that, while the development of Polaris is a multi-year effort, and we will gradually bring in more and more of our products. The vision is clearly viewed positively and the first implementation with the Coverity tools is actually doing well.
Rich Valera: Got it. Thank you very much, Aart. 
Aart de Geus: Thank you, Rich.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davison. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. I was hoping to get a little bit of clarity on, how you see customers during times when business slows down a little bit? What is the normal course of action that comes again trimming the number of concurrent projects they work on? How long does that take to impact you? And is that being completely offset by just the complexity of designs today?
Aart de Geus: Okay, this is a multi-faceted question. But generically speaking, in the semiconductor industry, the variability as a function of up and down revenue is highest for people that supply everything that has to do with volumes or equipment, for example. And is actually lowest for people that have to deal with R&D, because all the R&D plans are multi-year plans. And just because a year is particularly strong or weak, doesn't really change that all that much. Now I’m the first one to say, rich customers are better than poor customers. But nonetheless, the fact remains that we are in a segment and Synopsys particularly has benefited from that, of bringing stability in times of questions, and the ability to really scale rapidly when things go well. Now, simultaneously, I think you asked also a question on the growth of complexity. And there, in many ways the good old Moore's Law [ph], more transistors we sort of know how to do that. And not that it ever gets easier, but it never gotten easier and we've always managed just fine. I think, the interesting new problems that is at the intersection of semiconductors and systems, specifically, when you also connected to software. And we are investing substantially in that. To be honest, I forget if I mentioned, the automotive effort, where we're doing very well. And that's a perfect example of people wanting to test the automotive software before the electronics are done. So systemic complexities is as much of an opportunity for us as anything.
Tom Diffely: Okay. So you don't see kind of major material impact to R&D budgets, when customers go through a tough period like they’re right now, semiconductor world?
Aart de Geus: Well, everybody, when they go through a tough time, they do look at their budgets, and they reorient towards what will have the most impact. But it's actually fairly rare that people would cut R&D people. And so it's more that they prioritize those things that have the biggest potential as a downturn fades away to come back up. The other maybe comment to make is that this is also a good time where people relook look at the IP, because a lot of companies do their own IP still and they discover that we can provide a large number of extremely sophisticated blocks. And that accelerates their ability to go to market, while not having to use their most valuable engineers on these difficult blocks. So downturns actually have interesting enough opportunity for us because fundamentally, we are a productivity enabling company, and that's what they need.
Tom Diffely: Okay, thanks a lot. That clarity helps.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome. Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitch Steves with RBC. Please go ahead.
Mitch Steves: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. So I got two, but the first one, I'm going to start off is kind of the tougher one, given the accounting changes. But when we look at the core EDA business that’s actually down year-over-year for a couple quarters now. Can you maybe help us one understand the accounting behind it? And then secondly, how we get comfortable around high-single digit growth considering it's been down for a couple quarters now?
Trac Pham: Yes, let me start with -- answer your question directly. The -- when you look at the profile for EDA, what you're seeing this year is just the variability in emulation hardware. Keep in mind that the hardware piece shows up in two places emulation is in EDA, and then half the FPGA prototyping should show up in IP and systems integration. And so you're seeing variability in that number. If you were to adjust for the hardware piece that's showing up in EDA. And keep in mind that last year was a record year for emulation, you should see a very good, mid to high single digit growth in that area. And that's very much in line with the -- the EDA software is growing in that range, pretty much in line with what we've previously communicated.
Mitch Steves: Okay, perfect. And then the second one I had is just more of a technical one, maybe this is more for Aart, but meta [indiscernible] chips we came out with some other interesting design, including these large platters of 1.2 trillion transistors, and they kind of made their own tools or EDA tools. So, I guess, maybe you can comment on that, if that's a viable model in the future? And then maybe how Synopsys would fit into potential designing or something like that in the future?
Aart de Geus: Well, we happen to know them very well. And so I'd be careful what we comment. You may know that I think it’s already in the 80s that there was sort of an effort to see could one make essentially chips that would cover whole wafer and connect them creatively. And at that time, the yields were just too questionable to be able to do that, effectively. Depending on what node you pick now, the yield can be actually very, very good. And so the fact that they're attempting to put such an astronomical number of transistors on a wafer is to say the least one for the Guinness Book of Records. But it will be interesting to see how well this finds utilization by the customer. And I've not yet seen any of the results that you can get in terms of using this on AI machine learning problems. But that's clearly what they're going after.  And generically speaking, I think there is no doubt whatsoever that in the next multiple decades, the hunger for more machine learning computation will be unstoppable. The challenge is going to be, so how do you actually do it in practice, how do you do it at manageable levels of power, how do you connect all of those things? And there's a plethora of efforts with different packaging forms. And the whole wafer approach, I think, at least the pictures I would say were pretty cool. I must say that.
Mitch Steves: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi guys. Wondering, if you could just go and give us a little bit more color on you mentioned the strength in IP was from the timing of IP drawdown. Any additional color as to the areas and if we should think that that strengthened drawdown will continue into the fourth quarter?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think in general, what we've seen now over multiple years is that the reason IP is growing, is not only because reuse of IP is completely acceptable. So there's no longer any sort of form of macho has got to do my own IP that there is a -- use your best people to solve problems that you can solve by acquisition, as long as the price is right, of course. And so that has continued from a different -- two different dimensions.  One is that many of these IP blocks themselves have grown in complexity dramatically. And so the USB family that I mentioned went through different versions. And the first ones look pretty simple. But the last ones aren’t most definitely not simple. And then on top of that these different generations of computation and these blocks are implemented in the most advanced silicon technology. And so you get sort of a multiplicative effect of difficulty. And this is precisely why I think this is a very strong business for Synopsys. Because, we've gone through pretty much every challenge and difficulty in getting these things to work.  And far from me to say that it's perfect, but we have a trust relationship with the customer where at the end of the day, we make things work. And I think we are great provider to continue to see that. Maybe one more comment. Large companies have used IP often on and now starting to grow their IP utilization. And actually, it ties directly to the previous question of how -- can you increase productivity in market times that may be more challenging. But the other observation is that new startup companies, they never think twice about it, it's immediately what can I put on the shopping list.  And now I have to do all the rest. And suddenly, all the AI startups fall in that category. So I do think that we have a very good run path or roadmap for this. Not that these IP box will ever be simple, but I think the very fact that they're complex is good for us.
Sterling Auty: Sounds good. And then one just follow-up Trac for you, looking at the buildup to cash flow in the quarter. It looks like deferred revenue was actually cash outflow for the second straight quarter. Anything that we should think about either in terms of timing of renewals or anything the outset would have contributed to that?
Trac Pham: No, I wouldn't look at the deferred as an issue. When I look at the business for Q3, and the quality of our bookings, run rate was up healthy. And we'll -- we're going to show this in our Q next week when we report it that backlog was actually steady from quarter-to-quarter. So from that perspective, the business is growing very nicely.
Sterling Auty: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Hi, everyone. I want to start with a question about the repeatability of the IP strength. And you mentioned a largest order in the company's history, I presume this was some sort of multi tens and millions dollar platform license agreement with a key U.S. customer I think you specifically cited.  So I'm just curious if there's going to be more of these types of license agreements? And related to the increase in IP revenue, specifically, the mix was up rather substantially in spite of that. You showed a sequential improvement in the operating margin for the Semiconductor & System design business. So I'm wondering, what's the -- what was the catalyst there? 
Aart de Geus: Well, in general, we do think that the IP business will continue to grow. You don't get every day very, very large deals but -- or transactions. But in general, yes, it is multi-year and it's also broadening in terms of the offering that we’ll make available to customers. And, think about it a little bit as they go to a restaurant, and they can sort of pick from the menu, but it's prepaid. And that makes everything simpler over multiple years. Now, having said that, the investments will continue quite heavily in this area, because the evolution is so rapid. And that also means that we have to be well aligned with the semiconductor foundries that provide the silicon technology so that things are ready on time. I thought there was a second half of the question, I forgot what it was?
Trac Pham: Yes. There was a question on margin.
Aart de Geus: Yes, on margin.
Trac Pham: Let me address that, let me address the margin piece. Overall, when you look at the margin profile for the business, we've been running pretty steadily at 25% for the year. And when you look at the midpoint for the year, we're on track to hit that number for FY 2019. So there's a pretty strong increase in margins from last year to this year. So what you're seeing is less a mix as opposed to a deliberate and concerted effort to increase the operations. 
Gary Mobley: Okay. Just a follow up to the operating margin question. One thing that is glaring is no mention of the goal to achieve high 20% operating margin for fiscal year 2020. So I'm wondering if that was a conscious omission, or are you guys still committed to that?
Trac Pham: Yes, when we last talked to investors in April, we talked about driving margins to the high-20s by FY 2021 and the 30%. over the longer term. We are -- we remain committed to that. There is no mention specifically about FY 2020. Because we'll come back to you in December and give that more specific guidance, but there is no change to our margin outlook. 
Gary Mobley: Okay. Last question, if I can, your cash flow from operations, and maybe not so much the free cash flow this year. But you're definitely generating more cash flow than you're buying back in stock, almost a glaring amount. And so your debt, presumably be paid off in four or five months' time? And with maybe a slower pace of acquisitions? Should we think about your capital allocation as increasingly being skewed to stock buyback?
Trac Pham: I think we've done a pretty good job balancing the use of cash for the last few years between M&A, organic investments and buybacks. Our history has shown that we're pretty diligent about returning a substantial amount of free cash flow to -- via buybacks. We haven't changed our approach to that. From quarter-to-quarter, it may vary depending on the situation, but our overarching approach to capital allocation and capital returns remains the same.
Gary Mobley: Okay, congrats on the results. Thanks, guys.
Aart de Geus: Thank you. 
Trac Pham: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Trac first for you just to clarify the answer you gave to Sterling earlier, you're saying that your backlog as of the end of Q3 was again $4.3 billion. 
Trac Pham: That's correct. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Aart and Trac, you mentioned, I believe that you're anticipating that the hardware business for the year will match what you did in fiscal 2018. Given the magnitude of the declines in hardware year-to-date, for combined emulation and prototyping, would it be fair to say that you are in effect anticipating in fourth quarter a record for hardware revenues that would impact the substantially beyond the prior record set back in Q2 of fiscal 2018?
Trac Pham: Actually Jay that's not the case. The -- hardware is actually been fairly steady throughout the year, the mix routine emulation and the FPGA prototyping is different than it was last year. But it's -- we're not anticipating a steep ramp up in Q4.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. And related question though, on hardware. One of the things that we've observed for all of the big three, so you mentor and cadence is longevity of demand for aging systems, hardware versions that have been in market for some time, cadence have seen this mentor has had quite strong quarters over the last couple of years, even though the longe has been out or the current version of the longe has been out for some time.  So my question is, what is it that induces customers to order or reorder somewhat older hardware technology? And when you look at the possible refresh of your hardware, earlier today, Xilinx [ph] announced a very large FPGA, which would seem to be the kind of chip that you would want to incorporate in a next generation chasse for both ZeBu and HAPS, but it's not coming out till fall of next year. So assuming you want to incorporate that particular chip into your next generation of hardware, how do you sustain the demand for hardware over the next year or so?
Aart de Geus: Well, starting at the beginning of your question, one of the reasons at least for us, and I think we are a little different than our competitors, because we are focusing really very hard at the intersection between hardware and software, we think that's where the biggest opportunity space is. Now that our machines cannot also be used with just simulation acceleration.  And so that space on its own, in my opinion, is going to continue to grow because more and more people want to run software on systems where the time to build the systems is long, and the risks if they don't check it out early is that they will miss the windows, on the market. So therefore, the software and the hardware has to be developed in parallel. And so we support that I think extremely well, and literally from day-to-day better. And again, maybe the most visible simple example is automotive, where putting a car together takes five to seven years. And so if you start to software at the last hour, this thing will never go to market. The second comment is now specifically on our technology. We are FPGA based and so we have the benefit of being able to move forward with the different generations of FPGAs, we have excellent relationships with the people that provide those. And so we are any point in time well clued in as to what will matter and what will not. And our developments just continues.  Lastly, you said that old systems can hang around for a long time? Yes, they do. And I think nothing wrong with that it's great return on investment for our customers. But at the same time new systems are substantially faster and have more capacity. And that is precisely what Synopsys has driven for a number of years in unexpectedly successful ways.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Lastly, with respect to services, you may recall I think with one or two calls ago, we talked about the role of services, particularly in the context of Cig and the introduction of Polaris. My question is, can you comment on how your services engagement pipeline looks, not only for Cig, but perhaps for IP as well, particularly given the magnitude of demand you're seeing now for IP. How are you looking at your services engagement pipeline, not only for that, but again, for Cig?
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well for Cig, there's no question in our mind that’s the acquisition of Cigital, but most importantly, the integration of Cigital with the product lines of Coverity and Black Duck and a few others, who have been absolutely essential. Because the Cig team is extremely capable of engaging with high level people and companies that are looking at how do they start getting a handle on security, as software is being developed. And that is precisely where we're focusing. And so, I think that that integration has gone in many ways better than we would have hoped and is now in full utilization to continue to sell other product. It's interesting that you use the term services in IP, and I think it's probably right on, because IP is something between products and services. A number of the IP cores get optimized for specific customers or specific technologies. And increasingly, we're assembling subsystems under the directive, or together with the customer to drive their capabilities forward. And so, while we don't really call out a particular service business, these multi-year IP transactions invariably have all kinds of development plans associated with them.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you very much. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome Jay.
Operator: our next question is from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer : Yes, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I'm just kind of curious, just given how critical your IP and products are to the semiconductor supply chain and just given how visible Huawei has become as to what could happen. What's the risk that other Chinese chip makers are kind of buying ahead or accelerating their plans, just out of fear? Do you see any evidence of that? And if that were happening, what evidence would you see? And then I have a follow up?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think it's a little hard to predict what's going to happen in that situation. And as we said, early in the preamble, we are sort of cautious to not make too many comments about China, as a number of our customers really need a certain degree of, let's say, privacy on that situation. In general, not just China, any place in the world will be happy to sell things that people want for a longer duration and assets. Most of the larger IP transactions are multi-years, because the delivery of these large blocks themselves take some time. And secondly, the integration of those blocks into very sophisticated chips need support. And so multi-year transactions are absolutely the norm.
John Pitzer : And then, Aart, there was another conversation about sort of basal [ph] level chips, I'm going to spend you think about the desegregation of the dyes that are going on with the chip of strategy, because some of the packaging technologies, and we even talk this week about building stacks upon stats on chips, where you have both memory and logic, how does that benefit your business over time?
Aart de Geus: We're sort of in the category the more the merrier, right? Leaning that, we are believers that the demand for electronic capabilities is insatiable. But the technology limits are very real. And so, while conceptually, it sounds relatively straightforward, why don't you just stack them on top of each other, like a high rise. We often forget that there's a big difference between a memory and a processor, because the memory is already a stack device today. Whereas the processor is also a massive heat source. And so when you stack things, and there's also a lot of heat, you need -- suddenly it becomes complicated. Now, out of that, nonetheless, there are a lot of efforts to look at different forms of packaging. And we've seen this before, by the way. And we've seen that in the early 2000s, when the world was, hey, we're never going to go to smaller transistors. And then out of nowhere came, 15 years of FinFET. And then suddenly the interest for stacking was a little lessened. But I think he's going to come back and we're very involved in that. But it is truly a set of decision making that has both technology and economic constraints.  And I do have high hopes that because of the demand that will overtime actually pay for some of these more expensive approaches. That's why we're all in on this.
John Pitzer : And then my last question guys, just kind of the Software Integrity business and the ops margins, still a small part of the business but it’s still about a 200 plus basis point drag on the roll ops margins. That make sense given that you guys are driving scale and revenue growth. I'm kind of curious, what's the scale volume level on the Software Integrity business when you start to get some more op margin more my vision is the march to 30. So the overall company part of that or is that separate?
Trac Pham: John, the way that I think about is that over the next couple of years as we drive margins to the high 20s by FY 2021. I would expect that Software Integrity would be approaching closer to the corporate average. Structurally there's nothing in that business that would prevent it from reaching that kind of margins with scale. But the key for us as we evaluate that business, it's still a very nascent opportunity, dynamic opportunity with a lot of competitive environment. So we want to make sure that we're making the right tradeoffs between growth and profitability.
John Pitzer : Perfect. Thanks, guys. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Gal Munda from Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Josh Tilton: Hi, guys, this is Joshua, hoping on for Gal. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a follow-up on digital, you mentioned competitive displacements, is Fusion the key driver of that? And then are you starting to see signs of Fusion tech making customers stickier due to its forward and backward looking capabilities?
Aart de Geus: Well, I'm using Fusion as the best example, because it's the most powerful conjunction of multiple technologies, working extremely well together. Synthesis creates the structure of a circuit, place-and-route determines the actual location of everything. And those are the fundamental problems. But there are more technologies in that and surrounded by it. And so for example, you also want to optimize for timing for the lower power, maybe for some degree of yields and so on. And so you can already see from that discussion that you have multiple forces interacting. And I think the strength of the approach that we have taken is that we have created an environment that allows us to bring all of these forces to bear at the same time. And what is exciting is that we are now winning hard benchmarks on the basis of putting this to use.  What is also exciting is that I think it still has a long way to go in terms of further advances. But, our customers are pretty pragmatic. They've worked very hard to optimize circuits even a little bit. And so if you can get truly better results, and you can get them much sooner, they will move pretty quickly.
Josh Tilton: Thank you, that was helpful. And then just a follow-up real quick on China. Is that a fair assumption that the 60-40 split between semis and systems companies hold in that region as well? It just seems like a lot of the focus is on Huawei. And we don't hear much about the Baba, Baidu and Tencent chip initiatives?
Aart de Geus: The split of 60-40 is nothing new. We’ve had that in the late 90s. And it's all a question of what do you call a systems company and what do you call a semi company. Typically, semi is when you stop at the chip, you finish the chip and then you sell it to somebody else. A system company tends to move from there and add to the chip, the software, the package, whatever all the electromechanical things. And now -- so a phone company, a phone -- mobile phone provider would be a system company. And so the -- it's sort of a continuum between those. And what is interesting from our perspective is that, while many years ago, we clearly started in a very chip centric fashion. The importance of software was recognized by Synopsys already about 10 years ago. And we started at that time to invest in the verification and prototyping to verify things together. But we, by the way, also about five and half years ago invested in software, because we realized that software could become the killer in terms of getting to market with something that actually works.
Trac Pham : Hi, John, this is Trac again. I just want to clarify my remarks earlier. I may have left you with the impression that Software Integrity was going to hit the corporate average by FY 2021. It certainly will progress to that, but not necessarily be at the same corporate average in the high 20s.
Operator: And our last question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino : Hey, guys. Thanks for fitting me in. One question around your QTronic acquisition. I just want to clarify that that's not in guidance? And can you maybe provide some color and how that fits in with the rest of your portfolio? And then I have one follow up.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Yes, that's an acquisition that's not closed yet and therefore we would not put it in guidance, but it's also not material in terms of size. But it is an exciting acquisition, because it fits right into the center of that picture that I just painted of automotive companies looking at the software and the hardware simultaneously. And this company in particular has very good technology and experts in looking at how you test situations like that. For the aficionados in the room it’s called software in the loop, but that's probably going too deep on this topic.
Jason Celino : And I mean, can you -- how many employees would that be adding?
Aart de Geus: About 60 or so. 
Jason Celino : Okay, great. And one quick follow-up for Trac, the Cig margins were 10.5%, up 40 basis points quarter-over-quarter, which is pretty good. But from a seasonality perspective, is there anything about Q4 from an investment or spend perspective that would be different than any of the previous quarters that we've seen?
Trac Pham: No, I don't see seasonality affecting that number at all. I think, while we've reached critical mass with that business being about 10% of overall revenues is still fairly small. So from quarter-to-quarter, depending on the profile of revenues or expenses, you're going to see that bounce around. But the good news is that over the course of multiple years, it's heading in the right direction.
Jason Celino : Great, thanks. That’s all for me. 
Trac Pham: You’re welcome.
Aart de Geus: Okay, I guess that brings us to the end of this earnings release. Thank you so much for spending time with us. Hopefully, you took away that we sense a quite good degree of momentum and push forward. And that notwithstanding some of the turbulences around us, Synopsys is actually doing both very well, I think very stable in this context. So thank you for your support and questions.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-05-22 17:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Aart de Geus - Chairman, Co-CEO Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer Lisa Ewbank - Vice President of Investor Relations
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2019.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thanks Anna. Good afternoon, everyone. Hosting the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings Press Release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings Press Release, 8-K and financial supplement that we released earlier today. Also included in the financial supplement is detailed information around our long-term financial objective, the transition to ASC 606 this year and operating segment results. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I am happy to report excellent second quarter results. Revenue was a record $836 million, with strength across both operating segments. In Semiconductor & System Design, software revenue growth was particularly strong, moderated somewhat by a tough hardware comparison versus a record second quarter 2018. Software Integrity revenue tracked right to plan with greater-than-20% growth and is expected to be profitable for the year. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.16, and we repurchased $100 million of our stock, bringing the total so far this year to $129 million. While the U.S. export restrictions that were announced last week do have an impact, we are raising our non-GAAP earnings guidance in the top end of our revenue range to reflect the strength of our business. Trac will provide some additional color on this topic and discuss the financials in more detail. Whereas geopolitical tension has escalated, the overall customer environment for us is quite solid. The hunger for advanced technology, design tools, IP, and security solutions is strong, creating a robust market opportunity. The growing impact of AI, 5G, the internet of things, and big data is profound and is driving substantial investments in new compute and machine-learning architectures.  Virtually all vertical markets are engaging with AI and the potential economic impact it forecasts to be in the trillions of dollars. In addition to long-time semiconductor vendors, very large system companies and cloud providers are investing competitively, opening further opportunities for us. The push for AI solutions, along with the growing security issues associated with a highly-interconnected world, benefits our entire Silicon-to-Software product portfolio. Synopsys is ideally positioned to solve these very complex challenges. Our EDA design and verification solutions are front and center in creating brand-new AI-optimized engines. Our IP is broadly used in the most advanced silicon technologies ever built. Our prototyping tools run and tests software on new subsystems long before silicon is available; and our software security and quality solutions are essential to minimize vulnerability to threats. In that context, let me provide some highlights from the quarter, beginning with EDA. The underlying driver of EDA growth is design complexity, along three vectors: One, advanced processes moving to smaller, denser technology nodes such as seven, five and most recently, three nanometer; two, optimizing designs in more established nodes for cost reduction, but also speed and low power; and three, massive software content that is becoming integrated as part of chip design. And overall the system challenges to make sure the chip and the software work well together. In design customers rely on Synopsys for virtually all of their 12nm and below designs. The key reasons are state-of-the-art tools, and also our unmatched collaboration and support. This quarter we continued our long-standing foundry-enablement with TSMC, who certified both our digital and custom design platforms for its 5nm FinFET process. TSMC also certified our Fusion Design Platform for their innovative System-on-Integrated-Chip or SoIC chip-stacking technology, delivering design solutions for true 3D device integration. Samsung used our complete design solution to develop the very first test chip for its brand-new Gate-All-Around process. In digital design, a rapidly growing highlight is the success of our new Fusion Compiler product, which we launched in November. It’s a revolutionary combination of the main pillars of design, all of which are cornerstones for Synopsys: synthesis, place & route, and signoff into a single solution, on a single data model. Fusion Compiler is doing really well from both technical and business perspectives. A rapidly growing set of customers is reporting excellent results, including significantly shorter design times, a higher level of predictability and better timing, area and power results. Adopted by 19 different logos, across eight different process nodes, and used for about 250 active or by now completed designs, the trajectory is impressive. One such customer is Renesas who deployed Fusion Compiler across its high-value automotive portfolio. Renesas cited consistently superior power, performance and full-flow productivity on its production designs. The versatility and potential of the Fusion Design Platform is living up to its promise, which includes continuously adding of new fusion technology capabilities to broaden its impact. This quarter for example we launched a fully integrated Test flow containing next-generation capabilities for automotive tests and functional safety. Stay tuned as we deliver further enhancements over the next 12 months. Now turning to verification, where we continue to see outstanding results and a strong outlook for the year. Thanks to many years of great technology advances and excellent customer support, we are the market leader. Verification is a huge bottleneck for chip and system design. Customers tell us that they can’t get enough verification, as design complexity is getting more difficult and more time-consuming by the day. Synopsys is fortunate to have the fastest software and hardware solutions, and demand is high for our Verification Continuum Platform. Q2’s strength in verification software was driven in part by accelerating demand from influential systems companies who are reinventing how to design and verify their next-generation products. Our decade-long leadership is an important indicator of our impact. 12 of the top 15 semiconductor companies in the world use our franchise VCS simulator as their primary verification solution. Demand for our hardware-based verification is also high and increasingly broad-based. The ability to validate chips together with the software and the need for early software development are paramount. Our new ZeBu 4 emulator launched late last year, is doing very well, with early demand exceeding expectations and outpacing that of previous solutions. Adoption of our HAPS FPGA-based prototyping solution which targets early software development was again robust in the quarter. As a result of our differentiation, we are the market leader in both emulation and prototyping. Now to IP, which had another very strong quarter and is poised for an excellent year of double-digit growth. As the number two vendor in the world, and the market leader in interface, analog, embedded memory and foundry-specific IP, we provide the industry’s broadest set of building blocks to address today’s most complex design requirements for AI, automotive, internet of things, cloud computing and more. The quarter featured a number of important milestones at advanced nodes. We announced that we have achieved more than 250 IP wins on TSMC’s 7nm FinFET Process, across a broad range of applications. In addition, we signed a multi-year agreement with a marquee global customer for 5nm IP. Meanwhile, our portfolio continues to expand. Further building on our strength in automotive, we announced the collaboration with Global Foundries to develop the industry's first automotive-grade IP for their 22nm FDX process. We announced a complete solution for one of the hottest markets around narrow band IoT, enabling the next wave of connected devices. And we taped out two key IP titles for cloud computing and AI applications, including a 112G SerDes, and ultra-high-speed connection for hyperscale data centers. With the rising complexity and time-to-market challenges inherent in delivering today’s electronic systems, Synopsys fills a critical and growing need for sophisticated, low-risk IP, which brings me to our Software Integrity Group, which has now reached the 10% of Synopsys revenue milestone and is scaling nicely.  As software security issues continue to increase in both number and severity, testing during the development process becomes a necessity. This is true not only for electronics, but for anyone who develops software in financial services, medical, automotive, industrial and beyond. The progress our team has made in building this business over the past five years is striking. While we acquired compelling technology and added substantial organic investments, we also focused our deep knowledge towards building a compelling software security and quality platform. In March we announced our new Polaris Software Integrity Platform. It brings products and services together into an integrated, user-friendly, cloud-based solution that makes deployment and scalability easier.  While we will continue to deliver enhancements to the platform over the next 12 to 18 months, the initial release is already showing great promise. We are engaged with customers across all regions and early reaction has been very positive. This included a Fortune 500 insurance company who placed a multi-year, multi-million-dollar order for Coverity delivered on Polaris. The power of our portfolio, the broadest in the industry, is evident in the growing number of high-value contracts and companies adopting multiple products. Industry recognition of our solution also continues to grow. Last month, for the third year in a row, Synopsys was named a Leader in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for application security testing; in fact, we were placed at the highest level.  We were also again recognized as a leader in the Forrester Wave for Software Composition Analysis for open-source software. Important rankings such as these substantiate our leadership for customers who are investing significantly and choosing their preferred partners. To summarize: We delivered another very strong quarter, and are raising the top end of revenue and non- GAAP EPS guidance for the year. We’re making step-by-step progress in expanding our ops margin. Our new EDA products in the early stages of a multi-year adoption cycle are experiencing rapid and substantial adoption. Demand for our IP portfolio is high, and we expect to deliver another year of low double-digit growth. And our software security and quality business is scaling well, reaching about 10% of total revenues and expected to reach profitability for the full year. Finally, I want to say thank you to the global Synopsys team for its continued hard work and commitment to helping our customers meet their important and always urgent objective. Let me now turn the call over to Trac. 
Trac Pham : Thanks Aart. Good afternoon everyone. We continue to execute well, delivering good top and bottom-line growth and non-GAAP operating margin of 25%. Operationally, we are on-track for another outstanding year, with an outlook that reflects high-single-digit revenue growth on an apples-to-apples ASC 605 basis, substantial operating margin improvement, and double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth. Last week’s government action to restrict trade with one of our customers and its affiliates does have an impact on the business, as we are currently unable to ship products, deliver software updates or provide support. As a result, we are not able to book new business and recognition of currently contracted revenue is on hold. However, due to the strength of our first half, we’re still able to raise our non-GAAP EPS guidance and the top end of our revenue range. I’ll provide more details in a moment. Now to our Q2 numbers. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated, and all results are reported under ASC Topic 606. For a summary of these results, as well as equivalent financial metrics under ASC 605, please refer to our Financial Supplement. We generated consolidated total revenue of $836 million or 8% growth, and saw broad-based strength across both segments. Semiconductor & System Design revenue was $753 million, up 6% or high-single-digits excluding hardware, which had a record second quarter last year. For Software Integrity, revenue was $83 million, an increase of 23% as that business continues to capitalize on market dynamics and gain share in this high-growth market. Continuing down the income statement, consolidated total GAAP costs and expenses were $721 million. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $626 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 25%. At the segment level, Semiconductor & System Design delivered an adjusted operating margin of 26.8%, with Software Integrity at 10.1%, reflecting both underlying strength and quarterly variability of revenue and expenses. Note that certain operating expenses such as stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles, and other expenses that are managed at the consolidated level, have not been allocated to our segments. We continue to expect Software Integrity to be profitable for the full year, with the goal of reaching at least our consolidated corporate margin over the long-term. These operating results in turn drove GAAP earnings per share of $0.77, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.16. Turning to cash, operating cash flow was $353 million, driven by strong collections in the quarter. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $631 million, and total debt of $292 million. Before moving to guidance, let me provide some additional color around the impact of last week’s government action. As I mentioned, we are not able to book new business with this customer and its affiliates, and revenue recognition for current contracts is on hold until either the contract expires or the restriction is lifted.  Because the duration of the ban is unclear, we’ve expanded our ranges to account for an array of potential impacts. We believe that we will eventually be able to recognize the revenue, depending on the timing of the ultimate resolution of the government action. Our targets, based on ASC 606 for the fiscal year 2019 are: Revenue of $3.29 to $3.35 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $2.798 and $2.853 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $2.505 and $2.525 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin at the midpoint of just over 24%; Other income and expenses between minus $12 million and minus $8 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%; outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million; GAAP earnings of $2.85 to $3.27 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $4.24 to $4.40 per share, an increase at the midpoint of $0.08 over our prior guidance; Cash flow from operations of $670 million to $700 million, which reflects additional uncertainty due to the trade restrictions, and some restructuring costs as we reallocate resources for future growth; and capital expenditures of approximately $270 million. We continue to expect CapEx to drop by roughly half in 2020.  Now to the targets for the third quarter: Revenue is between $810 and $850 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $700 million and $746 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $620 and $640 million; other income and expenses between minus $4 million and minus $2 million; our non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%; outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million; GAAP earnings of $0.60 to $0.83 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $1.07 to $1.12 per share. I’ll conclude by reiterating our long-term financial objectives. Annual double-digit non-GAAP earnings growth, driven by revenue growth in the high-single-digits, reflecting mid-to-high single digits for EDA, low-double-digits for IP, and Software Integrity growth in the 20% range, and operating margin expansion to the high-20s by 2021, and in the 30% range longer-term. Our execution in the first half reflects our commitment to driving near-term results that will put us on a path to achieving our longer-term operating objectives. Our capital allocation strategy enables us to meet these dual objectives, while returning substantial value to shareholders. We maintain a balance of internal and external investments for growth and a robust share-repurchase program. And with that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 
Rich Valera : Thank you, good afternoon. Aart beside from the ban which has some specific implications, would you say there is any other change in the outlook or the demand from your customers relative to a quarter ago? 
Aart de Geus: Actually I would say no, I don't think that there’s material other change. There was some worry about three months ago that seem to have settled. I think the market is just re-adjusting itself among the companies who is doing better than others, but the end demand I think remains just as strong as it was before. 
Rich Valera : Got it and then Trac just a clarification on the guidance for that the rev rec with Huawei. So can we assume that the low end of your revenue range that there's no rev rec assumed for Huawei for the balance of the year, is it is that correct?
Trac Pham: That’s correct Rich. We try to widen the range to capture the possibilities of the restrictions remaining in effect and then the higher end of the range which reflects the execution of the first half which has been very strong and then possibly that gets listed in some reasonable amount of time.
Rich Valera : Right, so is it fair to say that the low end would have been going up had not you had this change with respect to Huawei?
Trac Pham: That's correct. 
Rich Valera : Got it, and then with respective to the hardware business which obviously had a tough comp in Q2, but generally I think has a kind of a tough comp for all of next year. I think when you came into this year you were thinking that that would be flattish. I don't know if you gave that specific guidance but my sense was you were just sort of thinking about that being flattish? Any change in thoughts on the hardware business, you know that now that we're a couple of quarters into the year? 
Aart de Geus: No, I think fundamentally I think we have predicted it reasonably well and while we didn’t use those words, the words are not all that far away from where we are. And so we do see good demand and broader demand, so that is excellent. So in the long term I think that will just sit at the back. Last year was just particularly strong and actually overall so far this year is good in general. I think you characterized it correctly. 
Rich Valera : Got it, thanks very much gentlemen. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead. 
Tom Diffely : Yes, good afternoon. I was following up on Rich's question on Huawei. Where there applications near us on location that had been removed at this point? 
Aart de Geus: Well you know I don't think we want to go into the intricacies or all the individual actions, but with all of our customers we have essentially constantly applications, engineers helping them and you know right now we just follow exactly the rules set by the government and they include not getting specific support. 
Tom Diffely : Okay and then, I just have a question on that, was it a combination of both traditional EDA tool as well as IT was one that more significant than the other. 
Aart de Geus: Yeah, well we wouldn't break it into individual pieces. Large companies typically our participants in all of our portfolio. So that certainly would include the tools and IP. 
Tom Diffely : Okay, actually you said at some point there was some of the strong growth you see in IP comes from a lot of the Chinese customers as you are fairly new to this space. Okay, so I guess moving on, do you see other impacts from the trade war, the tariffs on your business and if you do, is there difference between delivering EDA traditionally versus over the cloud? 
Aart de Geus: No, we don’t see any changes and I think it's too early to see any changes in the market, period. Obviously there will be some readjustment of how different suppliers act. I'm talking about semiconductor companies. But I think it's really much too early to speculate I would say, even the last few days there have been changes. 
Tom Diffely : Okay, and then Trac when I look at your full year view and obviously you’ve got the dampening effect of Huawei, but was there any other puts and takes that created the spread or was it really just that one particular event? 
Trac Pham: It is fairly that isolated issue, because when you look at first half results you are seeing very good growth in the top line margin improving very well against last year and you can see in our guidance for Q2 was very constructive. And so the widening of the guidance range really reflects the trade restrictions that went into effect last week. 
Tom Diffely : Great. Okay, thank you. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Mitch Steves: Can you hear me? 
Aart de Geus: Yes, we can. 
Mitch Steves: Okay, I apologies I am on the road, but so I only have two questions, the first one is pretty high level. So obviously the US and China got higher tensions here. Maybe I’m thinking about this too much, but is there a chance that essentially the Chinese vendors also do outside of Huawei who want to push to kind of go into the higher end node now, now with the potential for it to get banned, wouldn’t it make sense they would try to, I guess try to invest in the higher tax. Do you have any thoughts on that?
Aart de Geus: Well, you know I think that all companies that are in the signature arena are continually racing forward to try to provide products with high end nodes and most sophisticated technology. I don't think that goes away under any economic scenario and so this is one of the reasons why we think that overall our business outlook is very solid or strong, because the demand given the applications that are being developed requires strong investments on the part of our customers in advanced technologies, and so different companies will get there in different ways, but the race is definitely on. 
Mitch Steves: Got it, and then second one, I guess on the track to take the limelight for this one. Well, when I look at the Software Integrity business, you had 10% margins already. That seems pretty substantial on a Q over Q basis. Can you help us understand how that’s going to ramp, because I think that going 50% sequential growth in terms of the margin perspective is pretty high. So how would you model that going forward in the next couple of years? 
Trac Pham: Yes, let me start with this. Let’s focus on this year. We're showing a really good trend on software integrity and that’s heading in the right direction after you know roughly five years of investment in that area.  The profitability or the OM for that business, it's going to be noisy from quarter-to-quarter. Keep in mind it's a nascent market that’s growing and the profile of that business will vary from quarter-to-quarter, it’s just the revenue growth, but still very strong and we’ll continue to invest in this area. So you'll see us talking about revenue growth and investment. For this year though, we are certainly on track for profitability for the business, but I just would be cautious about extrapolating too quickly the Q1 results heading to Q2. But we definitely will be profitable. Longer term given the dynamics and the nature of that business, we do expect it to be at lease as the corporate average in terms of OM. 
Mitch Steves: Okay, thank you. 
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Sterling Auty: Yeah, thanks. Hi guys. I apologize, I don’t know if it’s the static or I didn't quite catch the following two questions round the China situation. The first one is, is it all revenue related to all products currently with that customer that's put on hold? Is there anything else that potentially could come on the revenue line over the coming quarters? And I got one follow up. 
Trac Pham: So the revenue guidance includes all revenues for all products related to that one customer. 
Sterling Auty: Okay, and so there is no revenue at all coming for that customer in the income statement, alright perfect. And then the other one is, I didn't catch – what about cash flow? In terms of cash collections and payments. 
Trac Pham: Yes, so our cash flow guidance of $670 million to $700 million does reflect a couple of new items. One is an impact of tax collections for that customer and probably it’s just a reflection of the fact that we aren’t able to provide additional support for them, so the prudent outlook is to assume that the collections will be delayed. The other part is the restructuring that we took in Q2, a minor restriction that we took in Q2. 
Sterling Auty: I think that’s very fair, that last element. FX impact on top and bottom line in the quarter and the outlook?
Trac Pham: Generally, immaterial to our overall results. Keep in mind, the one currency that's not denominated in USD is the Yen and that is hedged at the beginning of the year. So the top and bottom line is pretty much dampened by FX. 
Sterling Auty: Sounds good, thank you so much. 
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead. 
Gary Mobley: Hi everyone. Thanks for taking my question. A follow-up question on the operating margin for the Software Integrity business. You mentioned the long term target of being at corporate average, you know presumably high 20%. What revenue level has to be achieved to get to that target? 
Aart de Geus: The model that we described for the Software Integrity is roughly about 20% plus growth and if we continue on that path the growth will be there and then over the last few years not only have we invested in the product portfolio and our go-to-market infrastructure, but we have also spent time building out the organization infrastructure, the back-office where there is the systems or the processes to scale in that. So you will continue to see improvements in operating margins through a combination of revenue growth in that 20% range and operating leverage as that business scales. 
Gary Mobley: Okay, Trac you mention a minor restructuring in the second quarter, but I think the charge was the highest charge you've had in at least a few years. So could you shed some light on what the restructuring was and perhaps you know what the headcount and product groups might be impacted?
Trac Pham: Yeah, it’s really, Gary it’s very much fine tuning. We've committed to driving operating margin expansion with a focus on hitting the high 20s by 2021. We’ll continue to invest in the business, that’s an important part, across all areas and as we tweak and tune it we’ll try to – our focus is making sure that we're emphasizing the business areas that is going to deliver the best combination of top line and – top line growth and margin expansion, and so Q2 was just a function of that you know.
Gary Mobley: Okay, and the last question. I'll ask it quickly, hopefully it’s a quick answer. But do you have handy the mix between merchant ship vendor and System OEMs and captiviely developed integrated circuits? 
Aart de Geus: Sorry, I don't follow that question. 
Gary Mobley: Well, what’s your sales mix between immersion integrated circuit companies and system OEMs. 
Aart de Geus: You know that’s very sure that’s never changed all that much. It was always sort of in the 40%-ish for the system houses. But in all fairness you know those definitions are becoming much fuzzier because a number of system companies that in the past didn't do any chip design have now started to invest in chip. And I think we mentioned some of those as being some of the big cloud providers for example are some of the very large companies in the world and at the same time the other people that are dedicated to chip design are spending more money because it's more challenging. So fundamentally for us the picture is changing, but is not evolving away from those numbers.
Gary Mobley: Okay, alright that's helpful. Thank you. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Thank you, good evening. Trac just a quick clarification. You did not mention in your prepared remarks an updated backlog number as you did in Q1, if you could provide that?  Second for Aart with respect to the restructuring, that ties into a couple of questions that we had meant to ask you anyway and that is back in September at an Investor meetings in New York and again at the Analyst meeting a couple of months ago, you referred to improving your internal processes related to the company's profitability and Trac referred to efficiencies, but you didn't really go into much detail as to what you're doing, you're changing your cost structure here. But in what other operational and ongoing ways are you in fact going to improve those processes and efficiencies that you alluded to?  And also, it looks now just a quick spot check this afternoon. Once the restructuring news came out that your current job openings are the lowest in a year and a half and looks like most of the pullback in openings as in the U.S. and you still have a fair number of openings in China. So maybe just talk about all of those issues together in terms of processes, cost structure, hiring? Thanks. 
Trac Pham: So let me start with your first question Jay. The backlog was around $4.3 billion, pretty consistent with where it was at the end of Q1. Overall the business, as you can see in the outlook, the business has been pretty healthy and run rate growth was actually up in Q2 again.  I’ll make a few comments on the fine-tuning of our business and Aart can provide some more color, but it really ranges across the board. For example, you know it goes from systems implementation. Over a couple years ago we upgraded our ERP system to get prepared for 606 transition as well as the evolution of the business into different portfolios.  Having that platform then allowed us to go in and spend time last year and continue into this year looking at our infrastructure and the processes around the Software Integrity business and allowing us to scale some of that benefit you are seeing, certainly in the profitability improvements in the first half. But really looking at our business processes and then the systems that are supporting that business, the CRM system that supports that business which is very different than what we are traditionally used to. It’s much higher volume, lower dollar in absolute terms relative to the EDA and IT business.  Those are two examples of the sort of the things that we are looking at, but you can see in some ways they are big heavy lifts in terms of creating the infrastructure, but they are appropriate things that you would want to do in terms of scaling the business from where we are today at $3 billion to the next level of ambition. 
Aart de Geus: Yeah, so maybe I can comment a little bit going back to, I forget exactly if it's two or three quarters ago when we communicated to you that we had essentially executed on a multiyear investments push with a number of acquisitions, specifically creating the Software Integrity Group, but also a number of pushes on the tool side and in broadening our IP portfolio. So we are continuing on all these investments because I think we invested in the right direction and things are looking quite good there. At the same time, as we communicated to you that we were putting additional emphasis on improving the Ops margin after this round of investment, we are not only looking at all the infrastructure tasks and all the processes as Trac mentioned, but literally going through every business and looking at, so which products have higher potential, which areas in the world or areas with customers need an additional emphasis or can be slightly reduced, and even what verticals are of interest and we've done very well for example in the automotive side, but there may be others that we could consider. And so it is actually a long list of a lot of fine tuning, but the fine tuning does have an impact.  As to the openings, I do think that we have a very large number of openings at this point in time. They do change from time to time also because business units revisits where the needs are, how these have evolved, which position has been filled, what are we looking for and they also move a little bit from geography to geography as a function of the situation.  So I wouldn’t say there is anything abnormal in that, but I think we are very serious and well organized to keep pushing on the ops margin and if you have watched the result in the last few quarters you should at least get an inkling that we're heading in the right direction. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Thank you. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Pacific Crest. Please go ahead. 
Jason Celino: Hi, can you guys hear me? 
Aart de Geus: Yes. 
Jason Celino: Staying on the margins topic, you know even your semi and systems operating margins increased by 30 bips quarter-over-quarter. How should we think about you know linearity of those margins. I appreciate your comments on the variability of the other segment, but how should we look at the core margins? 
Trac Pham: You know, as you look on a multiyear basis you should see a steady progression from where we were last year to where we want to be in 2021, which is the high 20s. You will see a steady progression towards that. On a quarter-to-quarter basis it can be very highly variable, very lumpy give the mix of the business that we shipped up, particularly quarter or the contracts that are in play that quarter, but overall you see that trend on an upward trajectory. 
Jason Celino: Okay, and then relative the new ZeBu 4 product, you said you are getting some good feedback from customers, can you maybe provide some more color around that? 
Aart de Geus: Sure, you know one of the key capabilities of the ZeBu 4 is (A) that it is faster and (B) that it can do much larger capacity and the fact that you can really scale your capacity as required by the needs of the customer.  Lastly the cost per computation is the lowest on the market and so that makes one attractive solution. It’s actually a solution that has also found some really hairy problems to solve, such as can you start running software on hardware that you don't have yet. In other words, can you virtualize your designs, can you implement them in an emulator before you actually have to silicon and that is turning out to be both a very challenging problem, but one that we are well equipped for.  So we are very encouraged where this is going and if nothing else, we've also seen in the last few quarters that we are broadening the number of customers that are intrigued or that actually have started to use this. 
Jason Celino: Great, thanks! 
Operator: And our next question comes from Gal Munda from Berenberg Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Francois Yoshida-Are: Hi, this is actually Francois on for Gal. I just wanted to revisit the China contracts that you said was on hold. We were just wondering how long do you think that would be on hold, and then as a follow-up you mentioned how system companies are driving software verification are these customers purchasing hardware as well or is that not necessarily for the complexity of their designs?
Trac Pham: Our guidance is focused on FY ’19. So the range in particular in the lower end reflects the possibility that the restrictions are in effect for the rest of the year. In the event that does change the then you would expect it to be on the higher end of our revenue and earnings guidance.
Aart de Geus: Regarding your question on prototyping, most customers if not all really use both, meaning that, let me say it differently, the people that use hardware invariably also use the software, because that's typically how they got to know us in the first place. For smaller problems you try to get as far along as you can on the software and once the speed is woefully inadequate and the complexity has grown, that's where people go and start using the hardware to get much faster results and we have multiple evaluations on that theme by the way.  So, the other comment I would make is that now its one thing to do very, very fast simulations. It's another thing to actually diagnose what happens when something goes wrong and so that's where the debugging is extremely important and we have a very, very powerful set of software debugging capabilities that work with both our software simulator and with the emulators. 
Francois Yoshida-Are: Okay, great. And what's the length of those kinds of contracts? 
Trac Pham: Our duration in general is typically three years, it runs around three years. 
Francois Yoshida-Are: Okay, and then I just had one more on your Polaris platform. Is that platform completely built in and if not what's left to be integrated and what is the roadmap for completion and how should we think about that for the benefit to your margins?
Aart de Geus: Okay, let me take one step back and say what is the platform all about. Well the platform is all about, to let software developers use really a multiplicity of tools that can detect a variety of quality and security issues as you develop the code. And so you have to realize that it's a little bit more than a year ago that we actually acquired one of the bigger pieces of our product and so the objective for this year and it turned out it was early in the spring this year, was to have the first version of the Polaris platform that aims at bringing all of our products together including by the way some services through that platform also. What we have to-date that some customers have already purchased is the platform with the first set of tools and Coverity was the first set of tools that is on there. As we now progress through the next 12 to 18 months, more and more of our tools will become available. The last comment about this is that, why is this particularly relevant for the larger companies, because a if you were you know the seesaws [ph] or the head of IT in a large company you have a lot of challenges around security. And of course for each challenge there are 10 different companies that have some miracle cure and a while we do not participate in many of these remedial situations, what we intend to provide is the best development environment that can constantly diagnose and early indicate issues so that the development is better in the first place. And for that the ITs, heads of ITs or seesaws would rather have one trusted broader partner as long as “the stuff works together” and that's so easily said and so difficult to do, and this is why we are so excited about Polaris platform, because we are making things work together really well. And of course we have you know 25 years of lessons learned from EDA on how to do that and now we are applying all of these lessons to the Software Integrity space. 
Francois Yoshida-Are: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue at this time. I’ll turn it back over to the host for any closing remarks.
Aart de Geus: Sure, let me start by apologizing on the static, while we don't hear any of that, so you've been loud and clear to us. I hope that the messaging at least that came across and if nothing else, we all understand that there's a quite a bit of noise in the market and most of those things there's no control we can have over that situation.  But in general, our business has been strong in the first two quarters of the year. Is looking good for Q3 and so we are continuing on per terms on our trajectory and we appreciate all the interest that you had in this earnings release. Have a good afternoon! 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-02-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter Fiscal Year 2019. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and then later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Laurie. Good afternoon. Hosting the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in today’s earnings press release, financial supplement, and 8-K. Also included in the financial supplement is detailed information around our long-term financial objective, our transition to ASC 606 and newly disclosed results by segments. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn it over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. Q1 was an excellent start to the year. Revenue was a record $820 million, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.08, both above our target ranges. Strength was across all product groups, including some large, expanded renewals with cornerstone semiconductor companies. We are confident in our outlook for the year, and are reaffirming our guidance. Please note that this is the first quarter we are reporting two segments: Semiconductor & System Design, and Software Integrity. In Semiconductor & System Design, results exceeded plan, with strength across the board, augmented by timing of customer shipments. In Software Integrity, revenue was right on plan, and operating margin continued to move towards sustainable profitability, as we build for the long-term in this high-growth space.  Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. Looking at the overall landscape, solid demand for our solutions has continued into 2019, notwithstanding the somewhat increased uncertainty in the market. While the global narrative focuses on geo-political realities, electronics companies continue to design ever-more-complex chips and devices at an unabated speed. One notable driver, of course, is artificial intelligence. The development and proliferation of AI-dedicated chips brings great potential for us, as the number of customers and designs is growing quickly. Competition among AI-specific company is fierce, and indeed for anyone incorporating AI into their chips, with an intense race to market and a broad set of competing architectures. In addition, we’re seeing an escalation of the security challenges in highly interconnected systems loaded with software. This is in part driven by the proliferation of data-intensive IoT devices, and the emerging 5G connectivity standard, among other applications. The power of AI and the risks of security breaches require attention for all the products we use every day. From cars to mobile phones to smart homes to medical devices. Synopsys provides key technology in the midst of this evolving picture. Our results and outlook are not in spite of these challenges, but rather because of them. Our innovation and technologies become even more valuable to our customers when the stakes are so high. This is evident throughout our business: Our penetration in new and growing AI chip companies has been excellent, and this growth has been visible across our product groups. In EDA, our fusion technology and platform roll-out is progressing well, and reports show increasingly strong results. IP also continued on a positive path, helped by a particularly strong competitive win rate as we deliver sophisticated building blocks in more and more difficult advanced nodes and challenging verticals. On top of this, our Software Integrity business continues to broaden its customer base and software security is increasingly recognized as a ‘must have’ in this era of product development. With that, let me share some product highlights, starting with EDA. At the leading edge of technology, we continue to see a steady push towards smaller geometries, as Synopsys continues to be the pioneer and the relied-upon supplier for well over 90% of 12 nanometer and below designs, all the way down to 5, 3 and 2 nanometer research and development. A particularly noteworthy accomplishment was the tape-out of the industry’s first chip using next generation Gate-All-Around transistors. This highly advanced tape-out is the result of an extensive collaboration with Samsung, using a full Fusion Design Platform flow, from synthesis to place & route to signoff. Even at the earliest stages of process development, our unique position at the roots of silicon helps advance the most difficult research. The latest example of this is the recently announced collaborations with LTAB and IMTAB, important industry innovators to drive modeling standards to 2 nanometer and beyond. Meanwhile our breakthrough Fusion Design Platform continued to make great strides and generated strong results in Q1. You may recall that in November, we introduced not only our next-generation synthesizer, Design Compiler NXT, but also a game-changing new product called Fusion Compiler. Fusion Compiler, which is architected on a unified data model, is the only system on the market that integrates synthesis and place & route and all the key elements of our gold-standard signoff technology. We accomplished this through a novel way of sharing code among the different functions, thus eliminating the need to move between tools. The value to the customer is better chip results such as size, speed, and power, in shorter and more predictable design time. After just one quarter on the market, we’re seeing high initial demand, and have rapidly grown the number of active customers, including many of the top 10 SoC design houses. Fusion Compiler was also recognized with a World Electronics Achievement award for product of the year. When we pioneered the fusion concept, our aspiration was to build a platform upon which we could roll out new differentiating capabilities for years to come. Stay tuned as we deliver even more exciting advances over the next 12 months. Now to verification, where our platform vision and technology execution have yielded excellent business and market share growth. Increasing chip and system complexity means huge verification challenges, in terms of both speed and time-to-market. In addition, the growing desire to run software on top of systems that are still in construction is taxing the state of the art of simulation, emulation, and prototyping. Synopsys is at the forefront of enabling this to happen, across software simulation, emulation, FPGA-based and virtual prototyping. Our Verification Continuum platform continues to drive excellent demand and competitive wins. This quarter, we saw particularly strong growth in software-based verification at both traditional semiconductor companies and emerging system companies focused on their own in-house design. In emulation, revenue growth has been significant over the past two years, driven by a steadily expanding number of customers and average run rate. While hardware revenue is quite variable from period-to-period, driven by the timing and magnitude of specific orders, it’s clear that strong industry demand continues. Our newly launched ZeBu Server 4 product, the fastest, largest-capacity emulator in the market is generating broad-based adoption by customers designing storage, networking and AI chips, as well as a large, global systems powerhouse. Orders for our HAPS FPGA-based prototyping solution were strong, particularly in 5G and automotive verticals. We’re also seeing very promising progress with virtual prototyping in the automotive vertical benefitting semiconductor, Tier 1, and OEM customers. Verification is an example of a capability that works well on the cloud. While we’ve hosted tools on our own cloud for years, including our ZeBu emulation system, we’re continuing to make good progress tuning our solutions for cloud optimization. Interest is high. We have many customers who use their own or public clouds, some who are already working directly with us, and many others in proof-of-concept stages to see what structures may best work for them. Now moving to our IP products. We continue to deliver double-digit revenue growth, with strength across the board, particularly in AI and automotive. Our AI-related differentiation was readily apparent in Q1, with wins from several very notable AI start-ups. As an example, Israel’s Habana Labs achieved first-pass silicon success on its high-performance AI-processor-SoC using our PCI Express 4.0 IP. In automotive, we had a number of major global wins, including AI automotive startup FABU, which selected a broad portfolio of Synopsys automotive-certified IP. Over the past 12 months, we licensed IP to more than 25 leading automotive semiconductor suppliers covering a range of applications such as autonomous driving, infotainment, and connectivity gateways. Now to our Software Integrity group, which provides products and services to address code quality and security vulnerabilities early in the software development lifecycle. Over the last five years, we’ve systematically scaled this business, and expect it to reach 10% of total Synopsys revenue for fiscal 2019.  Our investments in this high-growth market also substantially diversify our customer base into verticals such as financial services and medical, expand our reach in automotive, and increase our business with our well-established electronics customers. While the need for enhanced security measures has clearly increased, companies still struggle to develop effective strategies on how to get there, given the immense scope of the challenge. One example is automotive, arguably one of the most vulnerable industries due to the heavy toll that breaches can cause. A recent survey of global automotive manufacturers and suppliers found that 84% of automotive professionals have concerns that their organizations' cybersecurity practices are not keeping pace with evolving technologies; and that most of them test less than half of the technology they develop for security vulnerabilities. Bolstered by the acquisition of Black Duck, which was fully integrated in Q1, we offer by far the most comprehensive portfolio of products and services in the market today to help companies solve these challenges. And we’re not standing still. We’re on track this year to deliver our integrated Software Integrity platform, which will enable both software developers and management to build essential security and quality checks into their software development lifecycle. Stay tuned for an announcement soon. In closing, Q1 was a strong start to the year. We delivered excellent financial results, and are reaffirming our outlook for fiscal 2019. Even with some caution around global markets, electronics companies continue to invest in critical chip and system designs, as well as immense amounts of sophisticated software. We are confident in both our near-term execution and our long-term prospects given our position in the market. We are committed and well on-track towards our mid and long-term growth and margin expansion targets. With that, let me thank our customers for their business and our employees for their dedication and hard work in delivering yet another strong quarter. Trac will now highlight the financial perspective.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. Q1 was a great start to the year. Our financial results met or exceeded our targets in all key metrics, as we continue to execute well across the board. Beginning with this quarter, we are also initiating segment reporting for Synopsys. The investment we made five years ago in Software Integrity has reached critical mass and grown to approximately 10% of sales. Reporting this segment separately allows us to better highlight the strengths of the two businesses we’re building within and beyond our traditional semiconductor vertical. Our increasingly diverse customer base and our strong product portfolio, combined with our nearly 90% recurring revenue model, positions us well for success in periods of high demand, as well as those of greater uncertainty. Reflecting this dynamic, we are reaffirming our guidance for the year. Before I begin with the first quarter results, I want to remind everyone that Synopsys adopted ASC Topic 606, the new accounting standard for revenue recognition, beginning in fiscal 2019. All results I provide today will be under ASC 606. For a summary of these results, as well as equivalent financial metrics under ASC 605, please refer to our financial supplement. Now to the numbers. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise specified. We generated total revenue of 820 million, a 7% increase over Q1 of last year, which included an extra week. Our growth reflects both strong demand and timing of customer shipments. Recall that ASC 606 creates additional quarterly revenue variability. Trailing 12-month revenue growth was strong across all product groups and geographies. These results reflect both the depth and breadth of our product portfolio, the increasing diversity of our customer base, and the impact of the investments we’ve made to drive long-term growth. Our contracted, but unsatisfied performance obligations or backlog, at the end of the quarter totaled $4.3 billion.  Turning to our segments, Semiconductor & System Design revenue was 738 million, up 5% year-over-year or just over 11%, excluding the extra week in 2018. Software Integrity revenue grew 29% to 82 million, reaching approximately 10% of total revenue in the first quarter. Software Integrity revenue for the trailing 12-months was $299 million, reflecting a strong leadership position in the application security market. Moving to expenses, total GAAP costs and expenses were $673 million. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $619 million and consolidated non-GAAP operating margin was 24.5%. For the quarter, Semiconductor & System Design delivered an adjusted operating margin of 26.5%, while Software Integrity delivered an adjusted operating margin of 6.8%. Certain operating expenses such as stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles, and other expenses that are managed at the consolidated level, have not been allocated to our segments. These items are described in further detail in our Financial Supplement. Operating margin will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, due to normal variability of revenue and expenses. ASC 606 can further amplify this quarterly variance within a given year. For this reason, I want to reiterate that we manage the business with a strong emphasis on full-year and multi-year performance. We are on-track to achieve our margin objective for the year, while driving towards our long-term goal of 26% in 2021, and high-20s longer-term. To wrap up the income statement, GAAP earnings per share were $1.01. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.08. Turning to cash, operating cash outflow was 144 million, reflecting our typical payout of variable compensation in Q1. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $592 million, and total debt of $542 million. Building on last year’s significant share repurchases of $400 million, we repurchased $29 million of our stock in Q1. Since 2016, we’ve returned more than $1.2 billion to shareholders, and expect buybacks to remain an important piece of our capital allocation strategy. Moving on to guidance. We remain confident in our outlook for the year and are reaffirming our annual targets. Our targets are based on ASC 606 revenue recognition rules. For the second quarter, we expect revenue between $810 and $850 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $682 and $708 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $620 and $640 million; other income and expense between $0 million and $2 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%; outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million; GAAP earnings of $0.71 to $0.79 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $1.07 to $1.12 per share. For 2019, the full-year targets are: revenue of $3.29 billion to $3.34 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $2.76 billion and $2.79 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $2.52 and $2.54 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin at the midpoint of just over 23.5%; other income and expense between minus $13 million and minus $9 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%; outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million; GAAP earnings of $3.19 to $3.32 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $4.20 to $4.27 per share; cash flow from operations of approximately $700 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $270 million, which includes the buildout of our China facility, as well as the relocation of some Silicon Valley offices. We continue to expect CapEx to drop roughly in half in 2020. To wrap up, we executed very well in Q1 and we are reaffirming our guidance for the full-year. Company-wide, we are delivering robust revenue growth and driving profitability toward our long-term margin objectives. Both of our operating segments performed well and our new segment reporting will provide investors with greater transparency into these results. Finally, we remain committed to a balanced capital allocation strategy, investing in the business while continuing to return capital to our shareholders as we focus on driving sustainable, long-term value. And with that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Aart, you mentioned a couple of times in your prepared remarks about the uncertain macro environment and a couple of questions on that, first is, has that any changed from last quarter you reported? And secondly, have you seen this uncertain macro impact your business in anyway at this point, I guess particularly on the hardware side, which might be more susceptible to that kind of pressure?
Aart de Geus: Thanks Rich. Good question. It's always difficult to say if there's a big difference from one quarter to another because these quarters flow from one to the other in somewhat not distinct fashion. The way I would answer it, it has had no impact on our business. I do think – I do see that some of the reports looking at the forward look and the predictions for 2019 were a little softer than before, but they are also now a little bit better informed. And so, this pertains to really the chip volume business more than anything else. So, it doesn’t really touch us as the design starts and the design difficulty have continued to grow. As we have been in the past, while we are not immune completely to the ups and downs of the semiconductor industry, we are relatively touched lightly and we’re actually typically a safe haven during those times.
Rich Valera: I appreciate that. And then Trac, lots of nice new disclosure, couple of things. One the backlog which you gave the 4.3 billion, is that something you’re going to discuss more regularly? I’ve never heard you give a backlog number, not at a – at the end of the year, so just wondering why give that now and then should we expect to be getting the operating margins of the two business segments on a go forward basis, while that you are now breaking out that software integrity for both revenue and presumably operating margins?
Trac Pham: Hi, Rich. On the first question on backlog, we thought it was important to highlight backlog starting this year because as part of the 606 transition we will be including that and disclosing that in our 10-Q, so yes you will see that on a quarterly basis. With regards to the segment reporting, going forward as part of segment reporting we will provide both revenue and operating margin for both those segments.
Rich Valera: Great, definitely appreciate that disclosure. Keep up the good work. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Trac Pham: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question from Mitchell Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mitchell Steves: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question, and thanks for all the new disclosures here. So just, first, kind of on the revenue line, I know you guys already gave out a guidance, but this is kind of the third-year straight where you're talking about a [2H deceleration], and that hasn't happened in the last couple of years. So, I guess, instead of me asking about the conservatism, what's kind of embedded in 2H in terms of the guidance?
Trac Pham: Mitch, I wouldn’t characterize it that way. We actually had a great start to the year with Q1 and given our outlook for Q2. To us the latest [indiscernible] forecast than we entered the year and frankly from that perspective, I'm feeling optimistic and more confident in the outlook that we have, that’s why we reaffirm the guidance for the full-year.
Mitchell Steves: Got it. And then the second one is on the cash flows. If I heard that correctly, you said that the CapEx should come down in half. Does that kind of give you an implied, like I guess, $900 million plus in cash flow for 2020?
Aart de Geus: It’s too early to guide on 2020 at this point. We just wanted to give an indication that the CapEx spend for this year is unusually high because of the few items that we highlighted.
Mitchell Steves: Okay. Got it. And then just last one, just on the Software Integrity margins. So, I think there's kind of a bull case here, where that's going to be higher than your corporate average long-term. Is there any reason why that wouldn't be the case if I look out 5 or 10 years?
Trac Pham: We don't want to draw out that far, I guess let me abstract that first at the highest level. We are committed to 26% operating margins in 2021. We will be driving improvements across all areas both on – in both segments and across all areas of the business. So, you should see improvements there. At this point, we’re pleased to see off the quarter with profitability in software integrity, but it’s a new market for us that’s growing and we’ll continue to invest in building up the software integrity platform, as well as scaling up that business, so it will be lumpy quarter-to-quarter, but I think long-term the trend that we’ve seen over the last five years should continue.
Mitchell Steves: Okay, perfect. Great quarter guys.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Trac Pham: Thank you.
Operator: And we go next to Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader: Great, thanks. Hi, guys. This is actually Jackson Ader on for Sterling tonight. Thanks for taking our questions.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Jackson Ader: First one, there’s been something on investors’ minds today, I guess since last night, Cadence announced a significant new win with a marquee North American semiconductor company. And so, based on their description, it has led to some investors concluding that that company that they mentioned last night maybe Intel. Since Intel is your largest customer, do you have any comment on what’s happening there? Any share shifts that you may be seeing?
Aart de Geus: We never comment about individual customers and Intel has definitely been a very good partnering customer to us and in general it sounds like both companies have done extremely well recently and I hope that bodes well for the overall markets. So, yes, we do compete in many places, but at the same time our objectives are to do well and I think we just did that this quarter.
Jackson Ader: Okay, alright, fair enough. And then a quick follow-up, was there any maybe buying behavior, particularly in the emulation space that maybe drove some budget flush spending around the calendar year-end in December where you maybe saw some pull-forward of Emulation purchases?
Aart de Geus: No, we didn’t see any of that. And a number of people have asked us that question also in the context of China and we didn’t really see that. And so, I think we’re seeing Q1 as just a continuation of now quite a number of good quarters and of a business that is both diversified, well-balanced and growing well.
Jackson Ader: Okay. Alright. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: We have a question from Monica Garg with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Monica Garg: Thanks for taking my questions. Firs, I mean you have a very strong beat in Q1 revenue by 20 million almost, EPS $0.10, I guess why the upside not flowing to early guidance both for revenue and EPS?
Trac Pham: Monica, this is Trac. As I said earlier, it’s a good start for the year. The results were a combination of us executing very well and growing the business. Some of it is timing in terms of customer deliveries, so in fact there is a lot of business left to book for the full-year. We feel good about the outlook and it’s nice to have the first half look pretty secure.
Monica Garg: Got it, and then I think last quarter or before that you said that you have a leadership position in Emulation, could you maybe see if that still holds through?
Aart de Geus: Well our Emulation has done extremely well and this is a domain that – and this is I think good news for many that continues to grow well because the demand around very difficult problems for Emulation as acceleration to simulation is high. In addition, Synopsis has focused on a special case that is extremely important, which is can you run software on hardware that doesn’t quite exit yet, i.e., hardware that you mock up and emulate, and the answer is yes. And more and more customers report that that is absolutely crucial because more often than not when a product is ready, the software is not and you cannot go to market, and that is why our area has done particularly well. And while these numbers are not individually disclosed, we are certainly convinced that we are the market leader in this area.
Monica Garg: Right. Then Aart you provided some commentary regarding the verification usage in cloud, but maybe could you talk about how ready you think Synopsis solutions are for usage in the Cloud, are you seeing interest from – not only from verification for other product as well?
Aart de Geus: Let me go backwards on the question. The answer is yes. There are number of other tools that are also used in the Cloud, typically things that require or can benefit from big bursts of competition where a user may not want to buy their own computers just for the burst period, and so these type of tools tend to be optimized little bit differently, so that they can run more easily in a public clouds or various forms of private cloud. And so, there’s quite a bit of interest in that. I don’t think that things are completely back and white though, meaning that there are a lot of practical issues that have to be overcome to make things run very well and there are steady advances on making the various forms of software do that effectively, so that customers can essentially have a more flexible spending on hardware when they want it.
Monica Garg: Alright, thank you so much.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. I guess first Trac, I was wondering if any of the strength you saw in the quarter was driven by concerns at maybe there would be a worsening of the trade war and some of the customers wanted to buy ahead of that.
Trac Pham: We haven’t seen a change in behavior of having that affect our revenues. As I said, it’s pretty balanced in terms of growth, as well as to a lesser degree, timing of customer contracts.
Tom Diffely: Okay, then maybe just a big picture question for Aart. How do you look at the EDA growth when you have a slowing of Moore’s Law, but then you have an increasing of the use of new materials and technologies along the way? I mean, unbalanced, does that scenario provide growth for EDA or stability, how do you look at that?
Aart de Geus: You know, it almost feels like a question that you could have asked in 1997 and 2007, and again, and I don't want to sidestep at all the fact that the complexity of Moore’s Law is increasing and the complexity itself is good for us, but with the complexity of course comes an economic equation that will over time bring some changes for customers and so at this point in time though, the demand for really advanced chips is quite strong and that I have illuminated many times by saying that we have entered a whole new phase of what electronics can do in most products and actually in most verticals and that is the age of condition or artificial intelligence, where the early results and have to be called early because they are literally just three or four years old now are very promising, but the demand for dramatically more computation is unabated. And so, I think the push will continue and the challenges that continue with it and I think for a company such as ourselves that’s a good thing, because that is our specialty. By the way, this reaches all the way down to the deep physics of Moore’s Law where we do excellent business in providing simulation tools that allow to check out how a brand-new transistor such as let’s say the gate-all-around type models, will function before even manufacture them. So, the food chain of Moore’s Law is actually pretty long.
Tom Diffely: But maybe just bring the food chain down a little further or maybe up little further, if you look at it down to packaging taken over some of the increases in more than Moore’s Law if you will, how does that benefit you from an EDA company and is it meaningful?
Aart de Geus: Excellent question because this is a question that has actually also has sort of ups and downs multiple times in the last couple of decades, every time there was sort of a hint that Moore’s law was coming to an abrupt end, the solution was well instead of putting things in one chip let’s put into to multiple chips, maybe stack those chips on top of each other and the technologies have actually advanced substantially to make that possible, but they are not simple in their own right, meaning that if you can still put it in one chip that is often easier both economically and technically. Having said that, yes there is progress in various forms of packaging and stacking of chips and we think that that will continue to grow over the years to come and there too a sophisticated EDA tool such as ours will be absolutely necessary to do that. So, it sounds like these are very different things, but from my perspective it’s just a continuation of whatever is the best method to deliver a lot of functionality electronically, we will be full focused on.
Tom Diffely: Okay, great, thanks for your time.
Aart De Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go next to Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you Aart. Let me start with you regarding SIG and then a backlog question for Trac. So, anticipation of the SIG platform that you have been alluding to, could you talk about what the customer behavior looks like thus far with regard to both the mix of SIG tools that they are buying and services engagements that you’re providing or undertaking for SIG? So, in the case of the product for example, are customers buying multiple solutions are they buying not just Coverity, not just the Duck, but multiple products, and then with regard to the services, would you regard those as leading coincident or lagging indicators for the SIG business and light the platform perhaps mitigate how services intensive that business might be and therefore up margins over time?
Aart De Geus: That’s an excellent question because we of course entered this market as it was just coming about, it’s a highly in development market, there are many different point solutions. And we were fortunate enough to acquire, I believe some of the very best ones. Why do I describe it in that fashion because if you are sitting on the user side, you may have specific problems for which you buy a very specific point tool and may be happy with that? If you are sitting a little bit closer to the IT management of a company that has many users, this is a horror scenario, because now you have all these point tools from all these individual, often small companies, often companies that do not have longevity in being able to support you, may disappear or may get acquired. And so, we noticed already now, I would say a couple of years ago that the number of companies were positively surprised when they found out that of some of the point tools, we had acquired behind that was a company like Synopsis that were actually substantial had a long history and therefore was probably stable. If you now amend that by the fact that a platform really is a mechanism to bring multiple point tools together to make them look and feel the same, be able to share data between the tools have reports that can both work for the individual user, but also for the management to get good overview, you can see how at a minimum this brings a simplification for the people that have to manage the utilization of all of this in large companies, often companies where their core competence is not the software, but they are highly dependent on some sets of software that need to secured and high quality.  In that context, the service question is extremely appropriate. We have said, when we acquired it that initially it would give us access to precisely the higher-level management that needed help in plotting their strategies on how to go about security strategy around the software. And in that sense, that would be in your leading category. Meanwhile, there's a number of services that we provide where on a regular basis, we do certain checks for customers that would be in the coincidental category. And then if there are issues that pop up at a customer, that only they don't know what to do there that would be lagging, but we certainly can provide help in a situation where suddenly an urgency comes up. So, maybe summarizing this somewhat long monologue here is that we have a number of puzzle pieces that are now being put together and out of that I think comes both a stronger position for us, a more effective utilization on the part of the customer and the opportunity to continually add incremental value to the platform.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: For Trac, you grew your backlog – and thank you for that Aart. That was good explanation. For Trac, you grew your backlog a quarter, by the amount that you grew your backlog for all of fiscal 2018 about $300 million. So, assuming the usual three-year runoff or conversion that isn't translating into any incremental revenues relative to guidance for this year?
Trac Pham: Look, Jay we don't want to comment on how to extrapolate the backlog. We're going to disclose that so you will see that trend over time. But given that we will have different contracts renew at different points in time I think it's too – it would be too difficult to really translate that to the health of the business. Overall, I think we'll continue to refer you back to run rate growth in the business and look at that trend. And that tends to be – that has been up.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Thank you, Jay.
Operator: We have a question from Josh Tilton with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
JoshTilton: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Have you seen increased stickiness with customers as the Fusion offering integrates many steps of the design flow that may have been accomplished with numerous products in the past?
Aart de Geus: It is too early to be able to check on stickiness because that is by definition something over a long period of time. But the expectation would be absolutely yes, meaning that, one of the key reasons customers will use this is because on a number of cases they will get better results, they will get the better results in a more predictable fashion and in a shorter amount of time. And so, in that sense, it's really a continuation of our objectives for the last 30 years, which is provide better and better tools for more and more difficult chips. And so, the early adoption has been very positive. We are maturing things rapidly. We're adding already new capabilities some of those will be announced in the not-too-distant future. And so, it is definitely at the core of our platform for the next decade.
JoshTilton: Thanks. And then second question what is Software Integrity's current exposure to auto? And then how big is the potential auto's had for Software Integrity?
Aart de Geus: I don't know the exact number, but I can tell you that we've had a number of very exciting automotive not only interactions, but actually substantial business closures. And just to give a little color to that, in some cases, they have been connected somewhat to the rest of our business as we have moved into automotive. But in a number of cases, it's also that the automotive field has discovered, so to speak, that software is a major issue. And when I say the automotive industry, I mean the OEM, so the actual car manufacturers, and this is interesting from a different perspective. They have in the last 100 years or so relied on an enormously complex supplier chain. And now suddenly the concerns are directly at their door, because if they move into adding way more software and already the advanced cars have about 100 million lines of code, way more software in order to do autonomous driving or any other form of assisted driving, the risk of vulnerability is actually very, very costly. And so, we have a number of customers that have now done large deals with us. We expect those to continue to grow over time. And interestingly enough, as we're coming via the Software Integrity Group sort of down from the software, we're moving up from the hardware with the various forms of virtual prototyping, and this is exactly part of the strategic picture that we have seen now for a number of years, which is this pincer movement around everything is sitting on the intersection of hardware and software. And that's where the value will be created.
JoshTilton: Thank you very much.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Operator: And I'll turn it back to our speakers for any closing comments.
Aart de Geus: Well, with that, thank you very much for attending this call. We completed a strong first quarter in the year and thus have renewed confidence in the rest of the year. And we're, as usual, thankful for both your questions and your attention to our company. Have a good rest of the afternoon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our teleconference for today. Thank you for using AT&T Teleconferencing, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-12-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - VP of IR Aart de Geus - Co-Founder, Chairman & Co-CEO Trac Pham - CFO
Analysts: Gary Mobley - Benchmark Company Rich Valera - Needham & Company Jackson Ader - JPMorgan Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Monika Garg - KeyBanc Joshua Tilton - Berenberg Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2018. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Laurie. Good afternoon. Hosting the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the earnings press release and financial supplement that we released earlier today and the 8-K, which we will file tomorrow morning due to the closure of financial market today. Also included in the financial supplement is detailed information around our transition to ASC 606, which we will adopt in Q1, and our long-term financial objective. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I'm pleased to report another excellent quarter, and with it, an outstanding year for Synopsys. In fiscal 2018, we crossed the $3 billion mark with revenue of $3.12 billion and delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.91, both record results, with strong double-digit growth. Our 3 year backlog grew by approximately $300 million to $4 billion. Our business was comprehensively strong with very good growth across all product groups and all geographies. We repurchased $400 million of our stock and simultaneously made targeted investments to drive long-term growth, also organically and through the acquisition of Black Duck. Our diversification into software security and quality progressed very well as we pass the $0.25 billion annual revenue mark. Notwithstanding some turbulence in the market, Synopsys is in a strong position, and we're increasing our long-term financial objectives. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. The excellent fiscal 2018 results highlight a 5 year unparalleled period of technology innovation, market share growth, TAM expansion and strong financial execution for Synopsys. Early on, we envisioned a world of "Smart Everything" where complex connected chips and systems, combined with enormous software content, would launch the age of AI-powered electronics. Our strategy flowed from there as we shifted our center of gravity to the critical intersection of hardware and software. Our investments were targeted at not only advanced EDA tools and platforms but at broadening our mission-critical IP portfolio and entering a new business aimed at solving high-impact software security challenges. Our vision turned out to be on point, and our execution puts us in an excellent position. As we look through our next phase of growth to $4 billion and beyond, our strategy is threefold, one, sustain and grow our EDA and IP technology and market leadership, two, continue to scale Software Integrity, driving substantial growth from a diverse customer base while steadily moving to solid profitability, and three, further drive operational excellence towards multiyear operating margin expansion through continued revenue growth and prudent expense management. In that context, let me expand on each of these, beginning with EDA. Notwithstanding inevitable swings in the semiconductor market, EDA growth is driven by continued chip and system complexity. In 2018, we delivered a stream of innovations aimed squarely at enabling the most complex designs ever, and those products are in the very early stages of a multiyear upgrade cycle. Specifically, our digital design tools generated their highest revenue growth in several years with strong performance across all elements of our new Fusion design platform. The word fusion captures the advantages of a single or a fused data model for synthesis, place and route and signoff, enabling us to now share optimization engines across product boundaries. These results in very measurable productivity improvements for our customers. While we introduced the Fusion concept in March, we formally launched the Fusion design platform in two significant new products last month. Most notably, Fusion Compiler, the only single product on the market that integrates synthesis, place and route and the key elements of our gold standard signoff technology. Built on a unified data model with shared code among the different functions, it elevates the need to move between tools. Through a simultaneous multiyear development effort, we massively upgraded our synthesis capability with the brand-new engine built from the ground up, resulting in notably higher capacity and performance. The combination is quite powerful, with 2x fast the time to result and significantly fewer design iterations, along with a 20% improvement in quality of results. These are impressive numbers. Customers such as Toshiba, Samsung, Socionext and others have already reported excellent results, and we see great promise for demand going forward. For customers who use our franchise Design Compiler product separately, we also launched a significant upgrade, Design Compiler NXT, which delivers 2x faster runtime and cloud-ready distributed synthesis that boosts performance even further. Stay tuned for more Fusion-related capabilities to be rolled out during 2019. Verification, too, had another outstanding year of growth and share gains. With the exploding requirements of today's leading technology trends, including automotive, IoT, AI and others, verification is the biggest bottleneck for customers. We developed our Verification Continuum platform, which integrates the fastest market-leading hardware and software tools available, to not only drive state-of-the-art chip verification but to enable the simulation of these highly complex systems. Across the board, we've generated a large number of competitive wins and have built significant new customer relationships. Particularly impactful has been our hardware-based ZeBu emulation system, which saw another record year, making us the market leader. In 2018, we launched ZeBu Server 4, the fastest, largest capacity emulator available today. It hits the sweet spot of not only accelerating chip verification, but importantly, early software bring-up and system validation. Customer success has been quite broad based from very large, big-volume semi and systems companies all the way to small aggressive AI startups. Emulation is an area that lends itself to delivery on the cloud, which is helpful to some customers as they seek sufficient compute capacity during periods of peak utilization. While we have offered cloud hosting for EDA tools for many years, we officially launched a broader cloud solution in the summer, partnering with public cloud providers including Amazon, Microsoft Azure, Google and Alibaba Cloud. We expect that continued growth in complexity will sustain strong demand for our solutions. Turning to semiconductor IP. We had another excellent year of double-digit growth, reaching record levels at slightly more than 20% of total Synopsys revenue. Over the past 15 plus years, we've built the broadest and highest-quality portfolio of logic libraries, embedded memories, interfaces, processors and security IP. Our offering has evolved from being initially cost-effective building blocks to now state-of-the-art, sophisticated subsystems serving high-impact market and leading-edge customers. Nowhere is this more visible than in cutting-edge verticals like cloud, AI, 5G and autonomous driving. Our ARC processors, for example, generated very good growth in 2018, notably with our innovative embedded vision processor targeted at AI applications, including drones, surveillance and digital imaging products. Today's automotive chips must meet stringent functional safety and reliability standards. Over the past several years, we've developed the broadest portfolio of ISO 26262-certified IP for ADAS, infotainment, embedded microcontrollers and more. Our unmatched portfolio of IP interfaces ranges from USB to PCI Express to DDR, HDMI, MIPI, high-speed SerDes and more. We are by far the broadest one-stop shop for high-quality blocks in all key manufacturing processes down to 7-nanometer and below. As customers trust our IP for their most demanding new designs, we expect continued strength going forward. While Synopsys is fortunate to lead in a number of areas, we continually evolve our strategy to stay ahead of emerging opportunities. Our entry to Software Integrity almost 5 years ago is a prime example of this. In this new market, we offer solutions to identify and address security vulnerabilities and quality defects early in the software development cycle, that is while code is being written. Through both organic investments and key acquisitions, we have built a new market position, one that is nicely adjacent to EDA but also constitutes a major new TAM. For Synopsys, that means a high-growth industry and diversification of our customer base, reaching software developers in key verticals such as financial services, automotive and medical devices. The most recent acquisitions, Cigital and Black Duck, have been very successful in enabling high-level strategic engagements with customers, demand creation, cross-selling and significantly increased brand recognition. In 2019, we plan to deliver a comprehensive Software Integrity Platform, which is designed to provide a streamlined, more robust solution in what has been highly fragmented market, delivering high value for our customers. Software Integrity is poised to reach roughly 10% of our total revenue in fiscal '19 while progressing towards profitability. We are evaluating the best way to manage the business and report its results, and we'll make a decision in Q1. Rounding things out, a few comments about the economic landscape. Following 2 years of very strong revenue growth in the semiconductor industry, analysts are forecasting continued growth, albeit at a more modest phase. Design activity, however, continues unabated. Learning from experience, customers prioritize electronic design through all parts of the business cycle. In addition, exciting new verticals, many new AI entrants and continued complexity growth are bolstering the demand for our solutions. With a portfolio of products and services aimed directly at the most critical electronic challenges in the world, we're confident in our position and feel a great deal of vitality in our outlook. Furthermore, our solid financial foundation, recurring revenue business model and diversified customer base augments that confidence and sense of momentum. As a result, we're raising our financial ambitions with the intent to drive double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth over the next several years. In closing, fiscal 2018 was an excellent year for Synopsys. We delivered double-digit revenue and non-GAAP earnings growth with strength across all product groups and all geographies. We're poised for the next phase of growth, leveraging a number of game-changing new products in EDA, delivering on a strong pipeline of advanced IP cores and continuing to scale revenue and profitability in software security. I want to thank our employees, customers, partners and investors for their hard work, support and confidence. Let me now turn the call over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. To echo Aart's comments, we had an outstanding year financially, operationally and strategically. Not only did we surpass the $3 billion revenue mark and report our best non-GAAP earnings to date, but we also delivered on our multiyear initiative to drive sustainable long-term growth through targeted investments and strategic diversification. These investments contributed to what was a record year across the board. We saw strength throughout our portfolio, and each of our geographies generated double-digit growth. As we enter the next phase and look to $4 billion, we're confident in our long-term prospects. To reflect this confidence, we are raising our long-term financial objectives, which I'll describe in greater detail momentarily. First, I'll review the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 results. All comparisons will be year-over-year, unless I specify otherwise. We generated total revenue of $795 million in Q4 and $3.12 billion for the year, reflecting growth of 14% and 15%, respectively. Our 3 year backlog grew more than $300 million to $4 billion, which along with our recurring revenue model, provides a level of stability and predictability not often seen in enterprise software companies. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $734 million for the quarter and $2.76 billion for the year. Total non-GAAP cost and expenses were $658 million for the quarter and $2.43 billion for the year. The resulting non-GAAP operating margin for the year was 22.1% as we made targeted investments to further strengthen our business while continuing to deliver strong earnings growth. GAAP earnings per share were $1.66 for the quarter and $2.82 for the year. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.78 for the quarter and $3.91 for the year, an increase of 13% to 14%, respectively. We generated $131 million of operating cash flow in the quarter and $424 million for the year. This was below our historical levels due to approximately $230 million of onetime items, which are detailed in our financial supplement. We ended the year with a cash balance of $723 million with total debt of $469 million. We completed the $165 million accelerated share repurchase begun in May this year, bringing the total buybacks to $400 million in 2018. Over the last 3 years, we've repurchased $1.2 billion of our stock, reducing the share count by 5 million shares. We also used our cash to acquire Black Duck, adding the market leader in open-source security testing to our Software Integrity Group. Black Duck came in at the high end of our plan with $60 million in revenue and was slightly less dilutive than we expected at approximately $0.10 for 2018. Black Duck remains on track to breakeven on the second half of 2019. Now that the Black Duck acquisition is largely integrated, we will no longer report its individual results. The combined Software Integrity business has maintained its rapid pace of growth, reaching approximately $280 million in 2018 and approaching sufficient scale to progress towards solid profitability. Given this change, we're evaluating how best to manage the operations and the visibility provided to investors going forward. We will make a decision in Q1. Before moving to our outlook, I'd like to note that our financial supplement includes a summary of certain discrete operating items that we've referenced this quarter and earlier in the year. Turning now to guidance. I'll start with a brief description of what to expect for our transition from ASC 605 to ASC 606. It's important to note that while - this is an accounting transition only and will not affect cash generation or how we manage the business. While revenue recognition for the rest of the business will remain largely unchanged, we will see an impact on the timing of revenue associated with our multiyear IP license contracts. Under 605 rules, the effective contracts were recognized ratably. Under 606 rules, these non-cancellable contracts are still recognized over time, but the revenue will now be recognized when the customer request delivery of specific titles. This change has no impact in the total value of the contracts but will contribute to a greater quarter-to-quarter variability with respect to IP revenue. During this transition year, there's a onetime recast of our backlog under the new 606 rules. This will cause a portion of our backlog that would have been recognized under 605 rules in 2019 and beyond to be directly recorded as retained earnings under 606 rules. We expect the transition to ASC 606 to result in a reduction to 2019 revenue of approximately $40 million, with the impact declining to neutral within 2 years. Our financial supplement contains additional details on the transition to ASC 606. Before moving to our official targets for 2019, let me provide some apples-to-apples comparisons under 605 rules. Under ASC 605, revenue for fiscal 2019 is expected to be between $3.34 billion and $3.37 billion, an increase of 7% to 8% or approximately 9% excluding the extra week in 2018. GAAP earnings are expected to be $3.01 to $3.11 per share, with non-GAAP earnings of $4.40 to $4.47 per share, implying a non-GAAP operating margin at the midpoint of just over 24%, an increase of approximately 200 basis points. These numbers reflect an outlook for another strong year with double-digit earnings growth and solid margin expansion, consistent with the financial objectives we've previously communicated. I will now provide our official full year and first quarter guidance under the new ASC 606 rules. For 2019, the full year targets are, revenue of $3.29 billion to $3.34 billion, total GAAP cost and expenses between $2.787 million and $2.817 billion, total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $2.53 billion and $2.55 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin at the midpoint of approximately 23.5%, other income and expenses between minus $14 million and minus $10 million, a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%; outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million, GAAP earnings of $2.80 to $2.90 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $4.20 to $4.27 per share, cash flow from operations of approximately $700 million, and capital expenditures of approximately $270 million. This includes a build-out of a facility in China and the relocation of some Silicon Valley offices. We expect CapEx to drop roughly in half in 2020. For the first quarter, the targets are, revenue between $775 million to $810 million, total GAAP cost and expenses between $677 million to $693 million, total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $612 million to $622 million, other income and expenses between minus $5 million and minus $3 million, a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%, outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million, GAAP earnings of $0.56 to $0.64 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $0.95 to $1 per share. I'll close with an update to our long-term financial objectives. Based on the strong position we've built across the portfolio, we are now setting a goal to drive annual double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth through a mix of high single digit total revenue growth consisting of EDA at mid to high single digits, IP systems in the low double digits and Software Integrity growth of around 20%. Simultaneously, we intend to expand non-GAAP operating margins to the high 20s over time with the goal of 26% by 2021. We plan to accomplish this through a mix of revenue growth, prudent expense management and continued scaling of Software Integrity. Our capital allocation strategy remains a balance of organic investments, M&A and buybacks. To wrap up, this quarter closed out a great year for Synopsys. Because of the decisions and investments we've made, the business is well positioned to continue on this path through 2019 and beyond. The updated financial objectives we laid out today reflect confidence in our ability to deliver strong profitable growth as we move toward $4 billion of revenue. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question, from the line of Gary Mobley with Benchmark Company. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Good evening, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to run through some of your EDA growth assumptions. It looks like in 2018 you churned out about 7% EDA revenue growth. And I believe most of that was organic, if not all, consistent with your long-term outlook for this product category. But just given some of the other parameters that you have given for the other business - businesses, I should say, it appears as though your fiscal year '19 revenue growth embeds the assumption of about 3% EDA growth. Am I reading that too conservatively?
Aart de Geus: I think that is too conservative, indeed. We have, of course, multiple businesses. And the fact that all did so well in '19, we are a little bit more cautious in predicting - sorry, did so well in '18, we're a little bit more cautious to predict '19 given all the turbulences in the market and uncertainty. Having said that, we actually feel that the EDA market has been quite healthy and sits in the mid to upper half of the teens. So I think, yes, one can judge the numbers a little bit. But it's certainly higher than what you are referring to.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Just to verify, the Software Integrity Group excluding design and IP was, what, roughly $260 million for the fiscal year '18?
Trac Pham: $280 million.
Gary Mobley: $280 million, okay. And I see that your percentage of revenue - percent of your revenue forecast for fiscal year '19 to come out of backlog is about 70%, had been dropping about 5 percentage points each of the last 3 years. Is that a function of the revenue shift towards IP in Software Integrity? Or is there something else going on there?
Trac Pham: It is partially related to that. If you look back over time, you'll see that model change as a result of the higher mix in growth of hardware and IP, which tends to be more upfront - which has an element of upfront. For this year, we actually had a very strong bookings year. And you can see that reflected in the backlog, the $4 billion backlog that we reported. There were some timing of deals that slipped out of the quarter, so that did affect the percentage.
Gary Mobley: Last two questions. I did notice that you're showing the inventory item on the balance sheet, and it appears as though inventory is up about twofold year-over-year. Could you speak to that increase? And then as well, as you start to gather revenue from cloud-based delivery, would you expect any change in the way revenue is recognized from that? Thank you.
Trac Pham: So the first part of the question is, yes, we are reporting inventory levels, and that's to support the demand of hardware and the timing of when customers do need hardware. I missed the second part of your question.
Gary Mobley: So can you speak to the reason for the twofold increase in the inventory compared to this time last year and then as well, how delivery of cloud-based EDA tools may impact your revenue recognition, if at all?
Trac Pham: So it won't affect revenue recognition. Hardware has traditionally been recognized upon shipment, which is typically upfront. So we'll continue to see that under 606. And as I mentioned previously, the buildup in inventory is just a function of the growth in the hardware business.
Aart de Geus: Operator, can we get the next question?
Operator: Yes. We go next to the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. A couple of questions on the Software Integrity group. First, Aart, can you talk about when you expect to deliver the Software Integrity platform and how that will be different than what you've been delivering recently? And then also on Software Integrity, I think last earnings call, we talked about that business being a 250 basis point drag on overall corporate margins in fiscal '18. Can you give us any sense of what you're expecting that might be from a drag perspective in fiscal '19? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Sure. The delivery of the platform is scheduled in 2019. We have not been too specific on the exact dates. But in all fairness, platforms like that get delivered into multiple pieces. And we have already a number of people using it in alpha versions. The thing to realize is while we have developed a lot of software inside of the existing Software Integrity group, we have also made a number of acquisitions over the last few years. And so it is a mixture of integrating those acquisitions and simultaneously, modifying them sufficiently so that they actually fit in seamlessly in the platform. And I personally witnessed, by visiting a number of the larger customers, the desire to have solutions that are broader, that have the same interfaces, the same representations of data and can be navigated more easily from one product to another or looking at statistics from a management point of view. And so that is the direction that the platform is taking. So we have good hopes that this is a great way to broaden our market appeal while still racing forward with the individual products that are in quite good demand.
Trac Pham: So with regards to the operating margin question, for this year in 2018, we did see roughly 250 basis point impact on overall margins because of the investments in Software Integrity.
Rich Valera: And are you willing to say anything on fiscal '19? Or not at this point?
Trac Pham: Generally, the business should improve across the board in 2019.
Rich Valera: Okay. And just one more, if I could, on the hardware business. So you're coming off 2 very strong years of growth in hardware, but I believe entering each of those years, you were looking for relatively flattish growth just because of the volatile nature of that business but were effectively pleasantly surprised by very strong demand. Can you give us a sense of what you're looking for from hardware entering fiscal '19, realizing, one, you've got pretty tough comps, and two, as you noted, it is sort of a volatile environment out there?
Aart de Geus: It feels like repeating what you just said, which is, for a good reason, we're always a bit cautious because the ups and downs in the hardware business can be abrupt because customers typically do larger orders. And when they come in - and I believe they want shipment yesterday. And so that can go up and down, can be impacted by economy. At the same time, my answer is yes, for the business, it was genuine because it sits right at this intersection of a set of problems that are becoming more difficult, which is, can you run the software on hardware that's not ready yet, i.e., can you run it on a prototype? And emulation is well suited for a lot of these things. So we expect continued interest. And of course, we hope that we will do very well there. But it's hard to completely predict well, and that's where the caution over the last 2 years just continues.
Rich Valera: That’s great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Aart de Geus: You’re most welcome.
Operator: Thank you. We go next to Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader: Great. Thanks, guys. This is Jackson Ader on for Sterling tonight. First question from our side with China, pretty much front and center in the headlines these days. And with the company developing a facility in China, have you seen any business impacts so far, either in this quarter or is there anything contemplated in terms of China impact into your 2019 outlook?
Aart de Geus: The answer is no, we have not seen any impact. Of course, we are well attuned at all the back and forth and the tension discussion. At the same time, we have done extremely well in China, as we have in '19 - in '18 in the rest of the world. But China certainly stands out as an area of good growth for us but also a quite diversified growth. And so from that perspective, we are essentially planning a continuation, of course. But if there are external changes, they tend to be beyond the things that we can control.
Jackson Ader: Okay. And then a quick follow-up. There was no repurchase activity under the $325 million remaining under the authorization, any particular reason for that?
Trac Pham: Sorry, we did complete $400 million of buybacks in total for the year.
Jackson Ader: In this particular quarter? In the last quarter?
Trac Pham: Yes, we did. We completed our $165 million ASR.
Jackson Ader: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Aart, with respect to Fusion Compiler, could you talk about how you're thinking of the business impact, the business increment potential from that, perhaps in terms of the kind of language that you want to use vis-à-vis the ICC II in terms of new logo adoption or existing customer adoption? So perhaps looking back at that as a benchmark, how are you thinking about Fusion Compiler? And if we stipulate that the absence of the architecture may, to some degree, have been an impediment to new business in digital, do you think now that it's available, that you could see an acceleration on your digital business?
Aart de Geus: Well, the good news is I think we've already seen some acceleration, and maybe let me formulate it differently than in the preamble. We really introduced two products and the solidification of the platform. The first product was actually a next version of the synthesizer. For those people that have an existing design methodology, they fundamentally don't want to change things. They can immediately adopt a next version that has a much better result. And that adoption will follow the same adoption that we have when we have new releases or very fundamentally new releases of products. For our Fusion Compiler, that is really reaching beyond that in that it is the deep integration or Fusion as we call it, of multiple product while simultaneously adding new technologies. And there, we have quite a number of customers that are in the early phases of adoption, and we have high hopes because the results are looking quite good. But with all products that are quite advanced, we make sure that there is sufficient handholding so that it makes the transition well. So bottom line of all of this is we look at the Fusion platform as really the basis for the next decade of advancements. That's why I was mentioning that over time, there will be more capabilities rolling in as we now have the fundamental data representations and ability to mix and match algorithms that will add value to the many different tools.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: With respect to hardware in terms of perhaps mitigating its variability and/or just growing the TAM, have you given any thoughts to deploying HAPS and/or ZeBu outside EDA? Meaning, for example, high-performance computing requirement in entirely other industries like financial services or non-EDA technical software, for example, where you could run other types of simulation and solvers on your hardware in wholly new industries that aren't solely tied to semis or electronic systems.
Aart de Geus: Yes, we have definitely thought about that. I would caution that one of the reasons for success of these platform machines is that they invariably tend to be very focused on market segments where you truly can accelerate things massively. And so there's always a trade-off between the ultimate speed and the generality of the application. Having said that, the domain of acceleration, the domain of existing algorithm, the domain of AI algorithms is absolutely in the midst of a lot of change. And we are exploring a number of areas to see what we could do that would create value. I think it's a bit early to talk about specifics. But right now, we're racing forward with what we have in the market that we have, and I think we see a lot of opportunity there.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Lastly, on backlog, I assume that the large increase, which appears to be one of the largest, if not the largest increase in backlog you've had, was predominantly in EDA? Or was there also some increase in backlog for IP and/or SIG?
Trac Pham: The increase was across the board.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay, thank you…
Aart de Geus: Maybe if I could add to that, SIG is doing very well. And one of the characteristics of that is that from what initially started as a business with very short time frame, we are gradually moving to larger and longer contract. And I think that is a sign of not so much of a maturation of the market but some degree of maturation of the quality of our business. And so that is extremely encouraging, and so in that sense - and this, by the way, applies really across the board at Synopsys.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. We go next to Monika Garg with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Aart, first, you are raising your core EDA growth target. Generally, you have previously talked about low to mid-single digits to now you're talking about mid to high single digits. Maybe could you walk through what is leading you to raise these targets?
Aart de Geus: Well, the reason is that we've seen a lot of vertical industries, banking, on the fact that electronics or AI as the intersection of electronics and algorithms is going to have a very big impact. And so with that, the amount of design and the focus on multiplicity of architectures is very high. And we expect continuation of aggressive design. Secondly, these designs are much more complex than what we've seen 5 years ago. And so in that sense, the opportunity of the market will continue for those companies that can stay in tune with these advances, and we certainly are and intend to be in a leadership position for that. So in general, the confidence is positive. And so you counter to that the volume of semiconductors or the pricing being somewhat in question for next year. In balance, we feel that we are in a good position.
Monika Garg: All right. Thanks. One question on Software Integrity, SIG growth. Are you still expecting a growth of 20% in that for next year? And could you talk about what are the profitability expectations in 2019 for SIG?
Aart de Geus: Well, on the growth, yes, we are definitely aiming at those numbers, and we think that we have a good shot of continuing on the good trajectory that we're on. Any comment on profitability?
Trac Pham: Overall, profitability should improve as we continue to scale up that business.
Aart de Geus: In the overall preamble, we mentioned that we are having a focus to move the ops margin to the numbers that we gave you. And so that includes all the businesses, and every one of our GMs has a target to make sure that we'll get there.
Monika Garg: All right. The last one for me, one question which we have been getting is like we are seeing a slowdown in the semi industry. So are you seeing any impact from this? Could you talk about your pipeline visibility? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Well, we're not seeing any impact from the expectations of overall size of the semiconductor industry, and I think that's partially due to the fact that we're not immune to some of the ups and downs, but we are - our business is greatly tempered by the ups and downs because engineering efforts continue, good or bad weather. And in many situations, companies actually make sure that they invest well in the new products in order to differentiate in what may be a more challenging market. So in that sense, I think EDA in general has done well in the ups and downs of the industry. And then the other is just the practical situation that we see a lot of chips being designed.
Monika Garg: Thank you so much.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question from Gal Munda from Berenberg Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joshua Tilton: Hi, guys. It's Joshua Tilton on for Gal. In the beginning, you mentioned the world of smart connected everything. It's my understanding that the emergence of smartphone was a big driver for the EDA vendors. Can you maybe frame the state of today's design environment in regards to IoT relative to the early days of mobile? In other words, if a smartphone is just a connected device and you put it simply, everything will become a connected device, how much bigger is the IoT smart connected world opportunity relative to what smartphone was?
Aart de Geus: You have a lot of questions in one question. Let me first position what mobility meant. And yes, of course, we call that smartphones, but the smart then meant mostly a phone that has a lot of really interesting applications on them and those applications are extremely connected with each other. And so you see capabilities such as Facebook or many of the apps that give you GPS information, restaurant and so on. That word smart was more reflective of the first time being able to do that on a phone. When we now talk about the word smart, we really refer to the embedding of AI technology. And so that is a degree of reasoning that has not been seen before. And of course, on one hand, you can say that's a continuum, and I would agree with that. On the other hand, from a technology point of view, the computation that goes with AI is highly specialized, is very hungry for more computation and sensitive also to not using too much power. And so it's in that context that it is true that in the previous 10 year, mobility drove chip design because succeeding computation, the years before that, it had this additional demand of low power because phones are portable and battery-driven. Well, this time, we have an additional push which is they want also faster computation. And therefore, people will design chips that do only AI in order to be fast and low power. And so that's the whole next generation. And I am the first one to say I think we're at the very beginnings of this. There will be some great successes, have been already. There will be some that we'll have to rethink things. And so it's a very dynamic industry. But we can feel it because we see a very large number of companies, startups and very large system companies, investing in AI techniques and so expect that to continue for us.
Joshua Tilton: Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And I'll turn it back to the room for closing remarks.
Aart de Geus: Well, we appreciate you listening in. I understand the market is closed and you must be working anyway and so are we, and so we are looking back on a very strong 2018. The last 5 years, we made many changes to the company that have put us in a good position, including diversifying towards a broader TAM that has a lot of future promise, and also investing in many of the technologies that have driven, and will continue to drive, let me call it, Synopsys classic, so to speak. And so we hope that we will be able to share continued good results in 2019, and we hope you have a good transition into the New Year. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our teleconference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-08-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - Vice President, Investor Relations Aart de Geus - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Gary Mobley - The Benchmark Company Rich Valera - Needham & Company Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thanks, Ana. Good afternoon, everyone. Hosting the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today’s earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, earnings press release and financial supplement that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentations, are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I’m happy to report that Synopsys delivered another outstanding quarter and passed the $3 billion mark in trailing 12-month revenue. An exciting milestone as we enter our next phase of growth, and it’s a good time to think our Synopsys team, our customers, our partners and all of you for your support. We entered fiscal 2018 with expectations for solid revenue, earnings and cash flow. As a result of strong customer demand and excellent execution, we’re on track to substantially exceed the targets we communicated last November and expect to deliver double-digit revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share growth for the year. For Q3, we posted revenue of $780 million, with strength across all product groups; non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.95, and we generated $289 million in operating cash flow. We repurchased $165 million of our stock, bringing the total for the year to $400 million. Lastly, we’re raising our revenue and non-GAAP earnings guidance for the year. Trac will provide more detail in a moment. The customer environment is strong, as the age of AI, or digital intelligence, drives hefty investments by traditional and new semiconductor and systems companies, as well as software developers across many industries. Investments are directed at supplying the increasing demand for compute power, cloud storage, and networking infrastructure, all in support of massive data and complex software. Add to that the huge and growing challenge of security, and one can readily see that the need for design solutions will continue to expand for years to come. Synopsys is uniquely positioned to address these technological challenges, sitting at the intersection of hardware and software. As a result, we’ve grown and strengthened our leadership position in EDA, built a strong and broad IP business group, and branched out into the large, adjacent TAM of software security and quality. In this context, let me provide some highlights from the quarter, beginning with EDA. The primary driver of EDA growth is complexity. Whether due to more advanced process technologies, sophisticated designs at established nodes, or immense amounts of software embedded on a chip. In our entire history, leadership in electronic complexity has been the differentiator for the Synopsys solutions. Today, this means moving to 7, 5, or even 3-nanometer process technologies. With our TCAD and lithography tools, we’re a key partner in the initial stages of manufacturing process development. These early engagements benefit all subsequent products, as demonstrated by some of the successes in the quarter. We announced broad certification for several Samsung Foundry advanced processes, from digital and custom design to verification. And just last week, we announced a collaboration with IBM to enable their very advanced process development with our manufacturing, digital design and IP capabilities. Our design platform generated revenue greater than plan, reaching an all-time high, with accelerating growth over the past year. On the digital side, our recently introduced Fusion Technology, which brings about a revolutionary new level of integration between synthesis, place & route, and signoff, is really hitting the mark with customers. Not only does the Fusion Technology provide a fundamental infrastructure to design better chips, but we’ve already embedded a number of AI techniques that further improve speed, area and power. Engagements with partners and customers have grown. Samsung Foundry has certified our Fusion Technology for its 7-nanometer Low Power Plus process with EUV. Multimedia SoC provider Vatics standardized on this technology after realizing 40% runtime reduction. We are seeing plan-of-record adoption by several high-profile systems companies. And at the Design Automation Conference, industry leaders AMD, Broadcom, Qualcomm, Renesas and Samsung presented the benefits that the new technology brings to their implementation flows, highlighting solid early results. Now to verification, where we also delivered an excellent quarter. Demand is high for our Verification Continuum Platform, built upon the fastest engines in the industry and our number one positions in all three key areas: emulation, FPGA-based prototyping, and verification software. Verification hardware had another very strong quarter, with broad-based adoptions and renewals. High profile companies Samsung, Intel and AMD presented to fellow engineers at DAC their real-life successes using ZeBu. In Q3, we announced general availability of ZeBu Server 4, the industry’s fastest and largest-capacity emulation system. With 2X the performance over competing systems, ZeBu is ideal for the extremely demanding verification requirements in automotive, 5G, networking, machine learning, and datacenter SoCs. In analog simulation, Toshiba Memory and Synopsys collaborated to accelerate 3D flash memory verification. The resulting technologies address increasing design complexity and reduce multi-day simulation runs to less than a day. Let me now move to IP, where we expect another record year. Double-digit growth in IP is driven by several dynamics. One, continued outsourcing of semiconductor IP blocks. Two, an increasingly broad portfolio covering interfaces, embedded memories, security, and processor IP optimized for high-growth markets such as automotive, AI, and cloud computing. Three, coverage of leading-edge and established process nodes. And four, the demand for IP subsystems that make it easier and more efficient for customers to outsource their designs to us. We are seeing strong demand for our processor IP solutions, notably the ARC Embedded Vision Processor that features the industry’s first ASIL-D-Ready embedded vision IP for autonomous driving applications. Our acquisitions in non-volatile memory are also bearing fruit, with significant orders in the quarter across many different market segments. Now to software integrity, where Synopsys provides testing for security vulnerabilities and quality defects in software code during the development phase. While software developers in our traditional customer base are a prime growth opportunity for us, the number of companies who develop and rely on software as a critical component of their business is much broader than EDA and IP. This mounting need in verticals such as medical devices, financial services, automotive, aerospace and industrials represents a large TAM that we are just beginning to tap. Our mission is to enable companies to more easily test both open source and proprietary code through a combination of a unified tool platform and consulting services. With general availability planned for next year, we’re making steady progress towards our Software Integrity Platform, with early testing happening now. An important part of the platform is the set of Black Duck testing tools, which address the growing need to diagnose security risks in open source software. A recent analysis of more than 1,100 commercial code bases found that 96% of applications scanned had open source components. 78% contained at least one open source vulnerability with an average of 64 vulnerabilities per codebase. The integration of Black Duck is going well. For us, this is visible through both early cross-selling opportunities and enhanced brand recognition. Our services organization is another important aspect of our holistic approach to assisting the customer journey towards a more mature security development process. The progress made over the past four years has been recognized by industry leaders such as Gartner and others, stimulating further strong interest by new customers. For example, at the recent BlackHat Security Conference, we received around 7,000 inquiries from current and potential customers, nearly doubling last year’s tally. From a financial perspective, we’re also executing well. We’ve reached critical mass, passing a quarter billion dollars in trailing 12 months revenue, and are quite enthusiastic about the future potential. Reaching up into emerging vertical market segments, automotive is a key focus for Synopsys, not only in software security, but across our entire portfolio. Our unique virtual prototyping is gaining traction across the automotive supply chain. By providing models of critical chips and subsystems, Tier 1s and OEMs can start software development earlier to better meet strict time-to-market objectives. We’ve collaborated with the leading automotive semiconductor companies to create the most comprehensive ISO-26262-qualified tool flow, with differentiated technologies for functional safety and reliability. At DAC, we hosted an automotive panel with leaders from NVIDIA, Panasonic, TSMC and NSI-TEXE, a division of leading automotive Tier 1 Danso, who shared their successes with Synopsys. We also have the most comprehensive portfolio of automotive-certified IP, ranging from our ASIL-D embedded vision processor to key interfaces and memories. To summarize our strategy over the past several years, our actions have been deliberate. First, maintain and grow our leadership in EDA. As the market leader, we’re rolling out new leading-edge technology and have gained share. Second, continue to broaden our IP portfolio and customer adoption. As the number two global IP vendor, we’ve built the most comprehensive portfolio of high-value titles and continue to see double-digit revenue growth. And third, enter and scale the brand-new, high-growth TAM and diversified customer base in Software Integrity. We believe that we’ve reached critical mass by passing the quarter billion dollar mark, having built a recognizable brand, and are poised for ongoing 20% organic growth. During the past years, we made significant investments, both organically and through M&A. We did these while also delivering on our guidance for high single-digit EPS growth. In fact, in the last two years, Synopsys overachieved, delivering double-digit revenue and earnings growth and crossing the $3 billion mark earlier than our own internal projections over few years ago. This backdrop provides a solid foundation for continued growth and increased operating leverage in the business. We will be in a position to provide an update to our long-term operating model objectives and assumptions when we report next quarter. For now, I will say that we currently intend to drive non-GAAP operating margin to approximately 26% over the next three years, with a longer-term ambition of high-20s. As we are presently in the middle of our budgeting process, we are not yet ready to provide 2019 guidance, but even with the change in revenue accounting next year, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to increase in FY19. To conclude, we delivered another excellent quarter and are raising revenue and non-GAAP earnings guidance for the year. Our strategic investments over the past several years are paying off. Near-term, our strong products and customer relationships in EDA and IP are leading to very good revenue and EPS growth. Longer-term, our expansion into the new software security and quality TAM is making excellent progress. Let me now turn the call over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. Reaching $3 billion in revenue is a great accomplishment that not only reflects our financial execution, but also demonstrates that our strategy and investments for the long-term are paying off. This is evident in our strong performance this quarter and improved outlook for Q4. As a result, we’re raising our 2018 revenue and non-GAAP EPS guidance. Now to the numbers. As I talk through the results and targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 12% to $780 million, reflecting strength across our product portfolio and in all geographies. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $716 million, which includes a $26 million charge for the Mentor Graphics patent litigation settlement. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $612 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 21.5%. GAAP earnings per share were $0.52. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.95, exceeding our target range due to strong revenue growth and operational execution. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $289 million, reflecting very strong collections and offset by a one-time payment of $65 million related to the Mentor legal settlement. Cash and cash equivalents at quarter-end were $741 million, 18% of which is onshore, with total debt at $622 million. We launched a $165 million accelerated share repurchase in May, bringing our total buybacks year-to-date to $400 million. As a result, we’ve been able to reduce our share count versus last year. We currently have $325 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. We’re progressing very well with our integration of Black Duck, and remain on track to achieve our 2018 target of $55 million to $60 million in revenue. This estimate reflects a purchase accounting deferred revenue haircut of about $20 million. In addition, we continue to expect Black Duck to be approximately $0.12 dilutive to 2018 non-GAAP EPS and to reach break-even in the second-half of 2019. Before moving on to guidance, let me provide some brief commentary about the new ASC 606 revenue accounting rules, which will go into effect for us in fiscal 2019, beginning in November. As we’ve previously discussed, we do expect a one-time loss of backlog at the time of transition. While revenue recognized under the new rules will be slightly lower than under the current rules, we do not expect a material impact based on our current forecast, and there is no impact on cash flows or the economics of the business. As we look to 2019, please note that we’re still working through our normal budgeting process, and are assessing the business outlook, coming off another record hardware and IP year in 2018. Therefore, we would suggest that it’s premature to change your 2019 estimates until we provide detailed guidance next quarter. We will also provide a full-year, full view of our long-term operating model objectives and assumptions at that time. In the meantime, let me reiterate what Aart said. We intend to increase operating margin in 2019 and beyond, with a goal of reaching 26% in the next three years and the high 20s longer-term. Now to fourth quarter and fiscal 2018 guidance, which reflects overachievement in Q3 and incremental upside in Q4. For Q4, the targets are: revenue between $774 and $804 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $722 and $738 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $655 and $665 million; other income and expenses between minus $3 million and minus $1 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 13%; outstanding shares between $153 million and $156 million; GAAP earnings of $0.39 to $0.47 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.76 to $0.80 per share. The revised targets for fiscal 2018 are therefore: revenue of $3.1 billion to $3.13 billion; other income and expenses between minus $5 million and minus $3 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 13%; outstanding shares between $153 million and 156 million; GAAP earnings of $1.55 to $1.63 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $3.89 to $3.93 per share; capital expenditures of about $110 million; and cash flow from operations of $460 million to $500 million, reflecting the one-time Mentor legal settlement. In conclusion, we delivered strong Q3 results and are raising full-year guidance for both revenue and non-GAAP earnings, reflecting another year of double-digit growth. We reached $3 billion in revenue by investing to carry out our growth strategy, while also delivering on our earnings commitments and returning cash to shareholders through a consistent stock repurchase program. We’re confident in our balanced approach to maximizing long-term shareholder value, making the most of compelling revenue growth opportunities while also driving operating leverage. Let me now turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gary Mobley with Benchmark. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Good evening, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to delve a little bit deeper into your implied Q4 operating margin on a non-GAAP basis. I believe the implied operating margin is what 16.5%, down about 500 basis points sequentially, down about 700 basis points from what you’re implying 2019 operating margin maybe. So I’m just curious what sort of investments have been made, because Black Duck seemingly would be just a small contribution to that dilution? And – well, I’ll stop there and change the question?
Trac Pham: Okay, Gary. You’re in the ballpark, Gary. The – it’s really a timing of the expenses and nothing unusual. I wouldn’t take the Q4 expense ramp and normalize it for next year. Given how strong our outlook is for the year, we’re seeing a true-up in our variable comp program this quarter and the next quarter as well. So it’s really a reflection of very strong outlook for the year.
Gary Mobley: All right. And your main competitor announced a cloud-based delivery system at the Design Automation Conference. And I think your position has been that maybe the infrastructure isn’t ready from a security standpoint, from a file system standpoint, and just from a latency standpoint. I wondered if you have softened on that stance and maybe just give us your latest thoughts on whether or not EDA is ready for the cloud?
Aart de Geus: Sure. The first thing is to understand clearly why people are interested in the cloud. It’s to find sort of the sweet spots between available performance and the economics, and this is often driven by the need to have point utilization go up for a short periods of time, for example. From a practical point of view, all large customers have very large clouds themselves. We have a very large cloud. And actually, we have quite a number of customers that are running the software on our own cloud, and we have a substantial number of customers that are running our software on commercial clouds already. It’s also noteworthy to say that we have an ability to provide also our emulation through the cloud. And so the combination of all of those have definitely provided opportunities for customers to either get peak performance or if they’re very small to start without having to make big investments. The comment on security is one that on one hand have dramatically improved, on the other hand never quite goes away. And you’re correct that quite a number of years ago, there was a very high concern about security and rightfully so, I would say. Today, that is substantially better resolved It is also the case that customers are a little bit more centered in terms of how they look at the issues. I think, on the margin, any system retain certain vulnerabilities and, of course, that is helped or hopefully helped by our other part of our business. But fundamentally, I think, the time for doing certain things on a variety of clouds is upon us.
Gary Mobley: Thank you, guys.
Aart de Geus: You’re, welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Question on operating margin. You’ve done quite a bit of M&A in the Software Integrity business, which you’ve indicated is going to be dilutive to margin this year. Is there anyway you could give us a sense of what the operating margin of the base business would be without the SI business without the Software Integrity business?
Trac Pham: That’s a good question, Rich. I think if you were to look at the commentary that we provided in the past around our investments in Black Duck digital and even Coverity when we started five years ago, it would probably – our overall operating margins would probably go up on the order of 250 basis points because of the investments in the new TAM.
Aart de Geus: Yes, if I can answer that, you may recall that every time we’ve made one of the major acquisitions, we said that notwithstanding the fact that these companies typically tended to not be particularly profitable in the first place. There was a haircut in that we typically would work through those in a period of 18 to 36 months. And I grant you that’s a fairly broad window, but the circumstances were all different. I think, we are living up very much to that. And so an additional reason why we think that now the time has arrived for that business to see some operating leverage is that we are a critical mass. The integrations have gone well. And in general, the markets that we hope would be a positive market has definitely manifest itself. So we see growth opportunities. So it’s our job now to make sure that, that additional growth comes at high degree of profitability.
Rich Valera: Thanks for that. And just a quick follow-up to that Trac. The plus 250, what baseline would that be relative to that sort of relative to your expected fiscal 2018 baseline?
Trac Pham:
,:
Rich Valera: Got it. And then just one more on the ZeBu Server 4, nice to see that when GA at DAC. Can you say if there was – I know it was in production with limited production release, I guess, before that with, I think, you mentioned 10 customers or more in that release. But what’s their pent-up demand of customers that wanted ZeBu Server 4 and now they’re getting it sort of in this current quarter and beyond?
Aart de Geus: I wouldn’t say pent-up demand. I think that, that we manage the demands by virtue of introducing the product gradually, which allowed us to make sure that it was really a solid by the time we went to general availability. And also some customers were clearly further ahead and they’re thinking about how to bring up software on hardware as part of a strategy to increase the speed with which he could bring products to market. And they’re now a number of quite extraordinary stories of chips for cell phones, for example, for smartphones, that literally shaves off the number of months to go-to-markets and I had to tell you that, that’s a market that is hypercompetitive. And so I think, the capabilities are coming online at the very moments, where the demand is strong. And so we have high hopes for the new Server 4 ZeBu.
Rich Valera: Got it. Congratulations on a strong results. Thank you again.
Aart de Geus: Thank you, Rich.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: Hey, good afternoon. Just a thought on the operating margin projection they have over the next few years. So most of that increase coming from the software integrity [Technical Difficulty].
Aart de Geus: Hi, Tom, I had a hard time hearing you. But I think the question was, where is the operating margin expansion coming from whether it’s specifically to software integrity or across the board? I would – yes, the short answer is, it’s going to be across the board. Having reached $3 billion of revenues, we’re at a point where we should be able to drive cooperating leverage in the business. The expansion is going to come through a combination of both solid revenue growth going forward and looking for improvements in the way they were executing on the various businesses.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Would you expect the software integrity business acquisition rate to slow then going forward?
Aart de Geus: Well, we generally don’t comment on what our acquisition strategy is. And so going into it, we’ll look at each deal on its own and whether or not it fits into the overall strategy.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then, Trac, I know it’s early, but can you give us a feel for what you’re seeing right now for the tax rate for next year? I think it was going to go up 700 basis points?
Trac Pham: Are you asking about the tax rate, Tom?
Tom Diffely: Correct. Yes?
Trac Pham: It’s still little early. I think, I would say, it’s safe to say, it’s somewhere between 13 and where it’s been historically 19.
Tom Diffely: Okay.
Trac Pham: And again, we are in the midst of working through how we’re going to approach tax strategy going forward in light of the very significant changes in the U.S. tax – U.S. taxes.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then finally, when you look at the some of the advancements of 5-nanometer and 3-nanometer nodes, how large are those nodes today from a business point of view for you? Are they just nodes you want to get in front of before they happen or – are they – is it meaningful revenue today?
Aart de Geus: So the – if you look at the advanced nodes, the nodes that are now moving into substantial production that are most advances is really 7-nanometer. The 5-nanometer is now technically ready and the first designs are being done and the 3-nanometer is at least, to say, at least is work in progress, I would say. But what is quite astounding is that, these technologies would have been viewed as impossible again a number of years ago and here we go. And that’s a theme that we know well for like over 20 years now. And so we are in the midst of quite exciting technologies that are in high demand, but also demand – the high degree of sophistication of the tools, and so we feel right at home.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome, Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on a solid results. Thanks for that. Let me ask the question. Trac, just one more question on the operating margin target sort of 26% over the next three years, given that there is leverage as revenue grows. Can you help us understand the underlying growth rate assumption to hit that target? And if you’re not ready to give us sort of an absolute numbers, somewhere you could kind of give us a relative number to kind of historical trades the business has seen?
Trac Pham: Yes, I think you answered the question there, John. We’re not prepared to talk about the FY 2019 or the components of the long-term model. But definitely, we’ll give you more details of that in December. At a high level, I would refer you to the comments that we’ve made in the past in terms of where we see the growth for the different areas of the business. Traditionally, we expect growth in EDA in the low to mid-single digits. IP is comfortably in the low-double digits, and then software integrity is in that 20% range. The other thing I would highlight is in terms of revenue growth year-over-year, keep in mind that we’ve got the benefit of the extra week for this year, which accounts for about 2% impact. And then even though, I think, at a high level that 606, the new rev rec rules will be immaterial to the the results. It will have a slight negative impact too to the numbers. But we’ll give you more details to that coming December.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful. And then, Aart for you, I’ve spent the last couple days in the Valley at the Hot Chips Conference. And at least over the last couple of years, there’s sort of been a resurrection of the debate in sort of general purpose compute versus ASIC, the thought process being with things like Moore’s Law becoming more difficult the large scaling slowing and end of law that maybe we’re entering into a world of just more ASICs over general purpose compute. I’d love to get kind of your thoughts on that to be, I guess more importantly, if you’re moving into a more ASIC-driven world, how does that impact your business model within EDA, but maybe across your portfolio?
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, in my mind there has been no doubt already for many years that while general computing will continue to be pushed forward massively, especially at general offerings in the cloud, that the demands of the emerging machine learning in AI techniques are that with the present success. The one thing you’d like to have is not 2x more computation, but a 1,000x more computation. And so no matter how hard you squeeze the silicon technology and who get squeeze still further, there’s no reason to be able to believe that you could get thousand times faster results. And so what can you do? Well, the thing you can do is to say reduced the breadth of the problem, i.e., go to special processors that do a task particularly well and now suddenly you are in the 10 and 100x more capabilities, and you can call that an ASIC, or you can call that dedicated processors. But that is where this is heading at a rapid speed. And the evidence is already clearly visible and we can see it in our own business, because in the last few years, we have had a number of brand new semiconductor companies that all are building the ultimate AI chip, and we’ll see which one is the ultimate. But the investments are broad. We see a number of existing players add substantial dedicated engines to their offering. And so I think, the push will be on – in every dimension. And we benefit from that, because these are designs that all immediately go to the leading edge that used the most advanced the silicon techniques that typically drive the complexity of the chips to the maximum that is manufacturable at a, not even reasonable cost, but affordable cost, and it’s driving the state-of-the-art. Lastly, I wouldn’t underestimate the amount of effort that is also going into various forms of storage and, of course, the communication between processing and storage, because, of course, the term big data is not new to you and there’s a lot of data. And so the key is going to be where do you keep it and how quickly does it become accessible for computation. So all of this, I think, bodes well for the domains that we’re in, including the very fact that there are also some risk factors in the form of security around these systems. And we have the good fortune of touching many of those from multiple angles.
John Pitzer: Aart, is there anyway of quantifying what this new dynamic has done either to your growth over the last couple of years or your addressable market, whether it’s looking at kind of non-traditional customers that might not have been customers a few years back or however you want to cut it? Is there anyway to sort of quantify what this does to the growth rate of the TAM?
Aart de Geus: Well, as you know, the growth rates are a function not only of the technical needs and the demand, they’re also a function of the health of the semiconductor industry. And as you may remember many years ago actually, five, six, seven years ago, there was always this lamenting of the semiconductor industry not growing particularly well. Well, the opposite has been the case precisely, because that very industry supplies the hardware that makes this possible. And so it’s really a phenomenon that is actually pretty broad. That doesn’t mean that every year will be an incredible banner year. I think, it’s more that the solidity of – about the market that we serve and of our own market is higher. And maybe that is an additional reason why we’re looking at healthy growth going forward, but also the opportunity to focus more and increase our operating leverage in that process. So I would consider both of those terms part of a healthy market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. Trac, maybe a couple for you. As we’re sitting here trying to work our models, especially as we’re working into the quarters of next fiscal year need to understand the comparables with Black Duck. Can you give us a sense of what the organic growth was in the quarter?
Trac Pham: The organic growth for SIG, generally, we think the market is growing in the 20% range and we’re keeping pace with that.
Sterling Auty: No, I’m saying for Synopsis overall. So if you look at what is the organic revenue growth for Synopsis overall?
Trac Pham: Overall, I think that, I would say, the majority of what growth, which we’re seeing in the business right now is organic. The acquisitions we made this year that has material impact is really on Black Duck. And keep in mind, while we’re successful in terms of driving that north of 250, this is on a $3 billion-plus business. And you’re seeing growth across the entire portfolio and you’re seeing across all regions. So a lot of healthy growth.
Sterling Auty: Because I was looking at an estimate that would be somewhere around 125 to 150 bps of impact to the growth rate in the quarter if you want organic versus reported?
Trac Pham: Well, we haven’t talked about that separation. I’d just say, we’d safely say though a good portion of a large portion of our growth for this year is organic.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And when you talk…
Trac Pham: You can see where that’s coming from to is, we’re having a phenomenal year on IP, and the growth rate in EDA has been very strong for the last two years.
Sterling Auty: Okay, okay. And the comment that you made about 26% operating margins over three years, since you’re transitioning to ASC 606, I want to make sure we’re on the same page. Does that 26% include the benefit if you have one of moving to the sales commission recognition under the new rule. So in other words, are you recognizing sales commissions upfront today? Are you going to move to ratable? And how would that impact that 26%?
Trac Pham: You’re starting at the highest level of – the increase in 26% will really be operational. As far as reporting goes, 606 has two impacts for us. One is on the impact of revenues for next year, which would be is negative, but we think is immaterial. As far as the impact on commissions, the net-net of that is going to be neutral over the next few years. So when we talk about improving operating leverage, it really truly is operating leverage as opposed to any reporting benefit or drag. And while I’m on the topic, we’ll give more details in 2019 of December, but we want to clarify that. When talk about margin improvement, we do expect margin improvement in 2019 even with the impact of 606. The specific amount, I think, we’ll have to test out, but we do expect margins to improve.
Sterling Auty: Excellent. And then last question, Aart, you mentioned products that are currently actually running on the Synopsis cloud and on the customer clouds. I think, it’s easy for us to understand how verification emulation will work in the cloud, because you’re running kind of a batch process versus some of the actual design where you have that interaction. So I’m kind of curious, which products are actually up and running in some of these customer or Synopsis clouds for customers?
Aart de Geus: Well, we actually, I think, have examples, I would say, broadly across the spectrum. But your opening comment is actually right on, which is that the variety of verification or analysis tools tends to go to the cloud first, because they’re very batch-centric. And so you do large simulations there, for example, or large verifications and I think that will continue for awhile. We have really not announced what we’re doing in this area. And so I don’t want to have too many comments on this. But I think, the gist of your question has its own answer, it is very much verification.
Operator: Our next question goes to Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mitch Steves: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions. I had a few couple of quick clarifying ones and one long-term one. So for the July quarter sort of one thing that happened is gross margins came down. Can you help us understand why there was a case of hardware slowing down a little bit due to the outperformance over the last couple of years?
Trac Pham: Keep in mind, Mitch, that the – there’s a few things that actually roll up into COGS, it’s not just hardware. So I wouldn’t extrapolate changes in gross margins as strictly an impact of variation in hardware. Remember, we – the Sidense acquisition that we made last year, which is a services business – security services business, you’ll see the COGS flow that line. And then the other part is, there’s an element of IP specifically, the consulting part of IP that’s recognized on a percentage completion basis, and you’ll see COGS there. And there’s really no correlation between the movements in COGS and gross margins, because the variability of IP and hardware as we stressed over the last few years has been very lumpy.
Mitch Steves: Yes.
Trac Pham: But overall when we look at individually of that, we feel like we’re running the business in a appropriate way as far as margins for – at the gross margin level for each of those businesses.
Mitch Steves: Got it. And then the second clarifying one is, so your cash flow number of 460, or 500, right. So I know you guys had a bunch of one-time charges. Can you maybe walk us through what the, I guess, the normalized one would be, because you had the Hungarian loss, you had the repatriation and you had the Mentor settlement. So what would be kind of the more normalized cash flow number?
Trac Pham: Yes, you hit the big one. So let’s take – let’s start with the guidance for the year. It’s 460 to 500. We had – we have about $165 million of one-time items for this year, right? At the beginning of the year, we had a $33 million payment related to the Q4 repatriation. Early in the year, we also had an outflow $65 million related to the Hungarian tax dispute. Now keep in mind, that’s still pending, but we had to pay in order to litigate. And then in this past quarter, we had a $65 million outflow for the Mentor settlement. And so at that end, it’s – you can see that the business is healthy and generating very, very strong cash flows.
Operator: Our next question goes to Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Hi, thank you. Aart, two broad questions for you about the EDA market or Synopsis as a whole. The first part is, as Synopses business mix has evolved, including but not exclusively with SIG, and as the customer base has evolved included in particular the rise with your systems customers, what are the external or leading indicators that you as a CEO and management use, if any, to anticipate or plan the business? And then how are you thinking about the external indicators differently perhaps now than when you were a $1 billion or $2 billion company? And then secondly and more specifically about EDA. The question was prompted by the recent announcement by NVIDIA of its touring chip. And the question is we generally assume that customers ingest EDA tools and technologies and voila out the other end comes super chips of the kind that you’ve been talking about. But is that really so? In other words, what have you seen and what do you think you’ll need to see in terms of customers’ methodologies and design implementation skills and differentiation having to change along with your tools and along with the node changes?
Aart de Geus: Okay. So regarding the internal – the external indicators there, obviously, multiple sort of horizons around that. The macro horizon is all around the belief that the – both connectivity and smarts of the electronics world is dramatically changing. And both of those words are relevant, because they imply large amounts of data being moved around with risk, i.e., security risks. And then, but also with the need to be manipulate, stored and so on. And therefore, opportunities for silicon utilization and new chips. As we zoom in a little bit more into the Software Integrity business and I assume most of your question is motivated by that. There we also serve that what difference, let’s say then, at least the last 10 years-plus in EDA or IP is, we are still getting many more new customers, meaning, logos that we’ve never touched or even never heard of before. While simultaneously seeing that a number of companies that we’ve done business with for a number of years are gradually moving to a larger spending levels, because they adopt more with more users or with more departments in the larger companies. And those two things we watch, we measure, we look at the renewal rates, essentially, we continue to try to assess is the business healthy. And so the combination of the external landscape and the internal execution so far have been good. When you talk about companies like NVIDIA that are extremely sophisticated, they also have extremely sophisticated utilization of our tools of combinations of our tools of certain things that they have added to this. And the word methodology is right on, which is really great companies know what to pay attention to and when to pay attention to in the flow. So that they a, reduce risk and b, maximize how much they can squeeze out of the given silicon technology. In general to your point of do people have to evolve their methodology? My answer would be absolutely yes. The complexity that we see is changing, not only in scale, meaning, more transistors. But also in systemic complexity, meaning, more dimensions that have to be satisfied simultaneously. And the traditional dimensions of speed, area and power are still very foundational. But so is now the approach to temperature, thermal issues on a chip the dealing with the reliability and safety of certain constructs in automotive spaces and so on. And then on top of that is increasingly the intersection between hardware and software, where a lot of issues popup, but also opportunities are sitting. So it’s in that context that we provide an increasingly large amount of methodology support and help. And also in our Fusion Technology have integrated a number of tools together to essentially accelerate what could be viewed as methodology, but is really the intersection between tools. So this may sound somewhat convoluted and complex and for us is actually good news, because that’s where we add value.
Operator: Our next question comes from Monika Garg with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So first one here for our estimates, software security is growing 20%, which you talked about. And it could be greater than $350 million business next year, which is a pretty good sized business. Could you talk about how to think about the profitability of the business? And is 20% growth a right way to think about the growth?
Aart de Geus: Well, we’ve said before that we do see this business growing in the 20% range. And so after that, you probably did the math correctly. We’re not pre-announcing 2019, but directionally, you’re certainly right on the mark. From a probability point of view in a very rapidly growing business, we have commented on the individual pieces, where each one of the companies we acquired over time were becoming profitable in eight to 36 months. We have commented I believe on Black Duck turning profitable in the second-half of next year. And so you can see that, in aggregate, all of that is moving in the right direction. And yes, there will be a bit of trading off how we look at growth versus profitability and how we manage that. But in the bigger picture of Synopsys, the numbers that you’re mentioning essentially say, this is heading towards being 10% of the overall company. And while it’s material forward to the bottom line, it is in that range of its contribution.
Monika Garg: But Aart, you are guiding to greater than 40% top line growth for this year. Black Duck, you have given us estimate, it’s probably adding about 2% in organic growth. And even if I take the effect of the extra week in 2018, I mean, growth definitely is accelerating year-over-year on the organic basis. Could you talk about the factor, which is leading to high growth? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Yes. Well, again, I’m a little reluctant to get too close to giving directives for 2019 largely, because we’re not done with our own process. And we tend to not extrapolate from years that are not great and not extrapolate from years that are great. We just want to be careful and making sure that we hit it just right against what we think we can deliver. Having said that, I think, the reason why overall growth is good is, because the external factors of the importance of electronics and used electronics has the broader term for combination of hardware and software are very positive. The complexity is all coming our way in the EDA’s direction for providing sophisticated tools. And I think that over the last few years, we have proactively made investments that maybe penalize the OPs margin a bit, but we’re, I think, right on from a strategic point of view. So we feel that we’re in the right position. So the combination of all of that says, okay, we’re looking forwards to give you a predictions on 2019, but we’ll do that at the end of last year. And lastly, we continue to see in a number of areas the run rate of the company grow. And so, at least, it says, we have a fairly solid outlook.
Monika Garg: Okay. Just last one on the cloud side. Could you talk about how ready Synopsys solutions are for usage in the cloud? And are you seeing interest from customers to use the solution in the cloud? Thank you so much.
Aart de Geus: Well, we can make things work quite well in the cloud. It is different than when people own their own environment for a variety of reasons. It is also interesting that, the EDA utilization of computation tends to be at the high-end of sophistication. Meaning that our programs are arguably among the most complex and demanding in the software world period. And so they tend to use both maximum computational power, but also need a high degree of memory availability to actually run the very large designs that are there. And so we have quite a number of customers that on their own run a number of our products on the cloud. I think, they are continually looking at the economics in their favor or are they better off if they are a large customer to do it themselves. And I think that won’t go away anytime soon.
Operator: And our next question comes from Krish Sankar with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. I had a couple of them. Aart, you spoke about your foundry customers doing like 7-nanometer and then 7-nanometer plus at EUV. I’m kind of curious when new customers start doing that, where they start introducing EUV either for like 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, several layers. What impact does it have on EDA design? Is it a material impact, or do you have to go and redo the design? I’m just kind of curious and then I also had a follow-up question?
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, in general, every time we introduced anything new in reality, it reduces complexity, it adds more things that you have to know about what that technology is. And while EUV has different needs in terms of masks or fewer needs in terms of mask-making, it is typically limited to only the lowest layers, because it’s quite expensive and slow. And the design has to be prepared well for those techniques. And so we’re quite familiar with EUV needs and satisfy those. And so I wouldn’t say that EUV has changed our business perspective massively. I’m looking at it more as a – well, the push for smaller dimensions is still continuing. And so it touches another part of our company more, which is the part that is doing simulations in three dimensions of very small features, because some of those features are new – are only possible if you use EUV. But for the broad designs, it is really a set of steps that that is related to the manufacturing that we have solutions for. I don’t think it changes our business picture all that much at this point in time.
Krish Sankar: Got it. That’s very helpful. And then as a follow-up, you guys have been interacting with your other customers for a long time for several years now. Back in the days like the auto customers would like to have the same design, same component or whatever design in for like eight to 10, 12 years. Has that behavior changed now with increasing semiconductor content and technology going into autos? Is that cycle time shortening, where they’re willing to refresh design every few years now, or is – has that philosophy not changed?
Aart de Geus: This is a very complex question, because even when you said we’re attracting a lot with automotive companies for a long time, it almost feels that we were interacting, they were not. And the reason was that automotive companies for many, many years had a layer of suppliers called the Tier 1s that really provide them with subsystems. And what the automotive companies did, they would give the general spec of what a subsystem needed to do to them and the Tier 1s would deliver. And the Tier 1s in turn would go to the semiconductor people and those we certainly knew very well and then have certain demands for automotive characteristics in the chips. And so we have worked our way literally up, the value chain, so to speak. And now in the last few years, we have certainly had many more interactions directly with people that actually sell cars and so automotive companies. And you say why did that change? Well, the change is, because the two macro changes on the automotive industry, one is electrification and the second one is the push towards autonomous driving are so phenomenally deep that companies have to deal with this. What has come down from the OEM – from the automotive companies through this food chain all the way to us is that notion of safety now have to be anchored in how certain chips are designed, and we are pushing right up, because we’re adding the notion of security, which is mostly manifests as software back up to them. So to say the least, we have a much richer set of interactions with them. The industry will, in my opinion, struggle with your question. Meaning that, if you want to design something for a 20- year life, just imagine using the products that we have 20 years ago and you are a most modern smartphone, it’s completely inconceivable. And so I think these car companies re going to have to go to mechanisms, where certain part of their platform is meant to survive long periods of utilization. But some of the pieces will be upgradable over the years. And that in itself is a challenging question, because if you upgrade something, there you make sure it still works. And so you can see that the number of technology problems that are moving up the value chain is phenomenal. And while we, of course, play with many others that bring great value. I think, we’re well-positioned to connect with these companies in multiple dimensions. My last comment is, this is also visible by the way in our Software Integrity business, and we’ve already done a number of transactions some quite significant directly with automotive companies. And this is almost like coming at this company from two completely different angles. But at the end of the day, they all connect back to the intersection of hardware software.
Operator: I will now turn it back over to our host for closing remarks.
Aart de Geus: Well, thank you very much for participating in the earnings release today. It has a little bit of a special color by version of the $3 billion milestone. And so we do appreciate that many of you have covered and followed the company for many years. And while we may differ in perspective from time to time, we are also very often aligned and we always feel that your reporting is to the point and appreciate the very support that you have given our company. And so on to the next milestone and thank you for the time spent today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-05-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - Vice President, Investor Relations Aart de Geus - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Gary Mobley - Benchmark Rich Valera - Needham & Company Darren Chen - Credit Suisse Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Monica Garg - KeyBanc Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call will last 1 hour. 5 minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Laurie. Good afternoon, everyone. Hosting the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today’s earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, earnings press release and financial supplement that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentations, are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I will turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I am happy to report that our second quarter results were excellent. We delivered double-digit revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share growth. Revenue came in at $777 million, with strength across all product groups and non-GAAP EPS was $1.08. We repurchased $35 million of our stock, bringing the total so far this year to $235 million and we are raising our revenue and non-GAAP earnings guidance for the year. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. The landscape around us continues to thrive, with semiconductor growth pegged at 10% plus for 2018. We see new chip and systems companies entering the market, as big data and AI are driving new compute and chip architectures optimized for machine learning. Substantial investments are being made as the AI digital intelligence push is increasingly evident in verticals such as automotive, medical, industrial and growing networks of connected IoT devices. The automotive vertical is particularly interesting, as AI-enabled autonomous driving has the potential to revolutionize the very notion of car ownership, while simultaneously requiring massive amounts of electronics and software in cars. These deep transformations rattle the well-established safety practices in one of the most sophisticated supply chains ever built and software security is rapidly becoming paramount to shipping modern vehicles. Synopsys is ideally positioned in these evolutions. The three customer groups we serve semiconductors, systems companies and software developers are all investing significantly in very advanced chips, massively complex systems and large amounts of software. Consequently, it’s imperative that they increase their efforts to test for or better preemptively avoid security vulnerabilities. Over our entire history, Synopsys has invested in the most advanced technologies, paired with unmatched global customer support and has been privileged to team up with customers who have changed the world. This is happening again now. Our EDA design solutions are helping design brand new AI engines. Our IP is broadly used in the most advanced silicon technologies ever built. Our verification and emulation tools help bring up and test software on prototypes long before silicon is available. And our software security and quality tools assist in making that very software less vulnerable to threats. This quarter, all of our product groups did well. EDA revenue growth continues to outpace the competition and we’ve begun to rollout breakthrough digital design capabilities through our new Fusion Technology. IP continues its double-digit growth, driven by our broad portfolio that is already on pace to enable the 5-nanometer IP needed in the near future. And lastly, our software security and quality group, which has reached economic critical mass and is executing very well with the integration of Black Duck, continues to deliver excellent organic growth. Let me provide some highlights from the quarter, beginning with EDA. In Q2, our EDA revenue was strong across the board. Synopsys is the essential partner for the most advanced designs. Customers rely on us for more than 95% of their FinFET designs. Our track record at 7-nanometer is unrivaled, with nearly all of the 120 plus designs we are tracking impacted by our digital tools. At 5-nanometer, our deep collaborations with customers and ecosystem partners are resulting in early successes. Here too, customers are relying on Synopsys digital for nearly all designs. Our expertise and influence reach down to 3-nanometer and 2-nanometer, where we are already involved in preparing for still more advanced technology nodes. Foundry support and ecosystem partnerships are critical to enabling joint customers. During Q2, TSMC certified our full digital and custom flows for their 7-nanometer FinFET Plus and emerging 5-nanometer processes. Together with ARM, we announced a multiyear extension of our long-tenured collaboration, spanning all Synopsys tools, to best enable advanced ARM-based SoCs. In digital design, we saw revenue growth accelerate over the last two quarters. In 2Q, we announced our new Fusion Technology, which represents a completely new level of integration of our market-leading products in synthesis, place and route, and signoff. A systematic sharing of algorithms, code and data representations across multiple tasks opens the door to previously unachievable levels of performance and quality of results by redefining conventional product boundaries. An example of the power of our Fusion solution is from Samsung Electronics, which experienced 10% better quality of results and significant reductions in turnaround time. They joined ST, Toshiba, and our product partner, Ansys to share the benefits of Fusion Technology with fellow customers at our Silicon Valley user conference. Our digital design vision and roadmap are already driving expanding customer relationships, including a key long-term agreement with a very high-profile global systems company. We delivered strong growth in custom as well and launched an enhanced custom design platform, with 2x faster simulation for FinFET and automotive designs. In verification, we continue to see outstanding results and a strong outlook for the year. Demand is high for our Verification Continuum Platform, built upon the fastest engines in the industry and our number one position in both software and hardware-based verification. Q2 was a record quarter for hardware. Customer adoption of ZeBu emulation was broad-based, with substantial growth in existing accounts and a competitive win at a top 10 semiconductor company, driven by ZeBu’s significant speed advantage. Cambricon, a global leader in intelligent processors, adopted our FPGA prototyping solution for its AI processor product. HAPS-80 delivers the performance, capacity and scalability needed to enable Cambricon to accelerate software development and system validation. Now to IP, which had another strong quarter and is poised for an excellent year, our strength is driven by multiple customers, regions and application segments. For example, several key agreements were for mobile chips focused on next-generation processes. We saw excellent success in cloud computing. A number of important deals were with automotive companies, for interface IP and our new safety-certified ARC embedded vision processor. And overall, business is strong worldwide, notably in China, where many companies look to third-party IP to maximally speed up their time to market. In order to ensure that the latest IP titles are available from Synopsys in the customers’ desired manufacturing processes, ecosystem partnership and intense bleeding-edge investments are critical. During the quarter, we announced collaboration with TSMC to deliver key memory IP and logic libraries for TSMC’s 22-nanometer ultra-low power processes. We are also collaborating with Samsung Foundry to develop DesignWare IP for its 8-nanometer FinFET process, particularly benefiting low-power, high-performance applications. To address the growing needs in data-intensive applications such as machine learning, cloud computing and networking, we continued our investments in high-speed SerDes IP with the acquisition of Silicon and Beyond. At this point, it is worthwhile to note that we continue to make excellent progress in the automotive vertical as well. One of the requirements to participate in this market is product certification for a number of safety standards. We offer the broadest portfolio of IP that is certified for safety and reliability, ranging from embedded vision processors to embedded memories to the industry’s widest selection of interface IP. In EDA, our design portfolio achieved the industry’s most comprehensive ISO 26262 certification by exida, the leading automotive functional safety certification company. Certification spans our custom, analog/mixed signal, digital implementation, signoff and library development flows and of course, automotive safety also implies software security, which brings me to our Software Integrity Group, which serves a third customer base, software developers across many industries including, but also well beyond, semiconductors and systems. We provide products and services that help developers build security into the software development lifecycle and across the entire cyber supply chain. Software Integrity is a key differentiator for Synopsys and has substantially expanded our TAMs. In recent quarters, we have reached critical mass with significant growth both organically and through acquisitions. Our Software Integrity platform is making good progress. We are step by step combining key technologies and will continue to rollout incremental advances over the next 12 months and beyond. We are excited about the very positive impact that our broad solution will have on our customers’ efforts. The addition of Black Duck provides another compelling set of products addressing the ever-expanding open source content in today’s software. While still early, the integration is proceeding very well. The combined team is energized, the roadmap planning is on track, we are benefiting from the brand recognition of Black Duck, and we are beginning to see some cross-selling benefits. Finally, for the second year in a row, Synopsys was named a Leader in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for application security testing. The Magic Quadrant is an important indicator for customers, who often use it to narrow their list of potential vendors. We have seen a definite increase in our customer interest since first being recognized last year. To summarize, the company is hitting on all cylinders. We had a very strong quarter. We are raising revenue and non-GAAP EPS guidance for the year. We are making excellent progress with our leading products in design and verification and our investments in IP and software have broadened our market reach, TAM and company outlook. Let me now turn the call over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. In delivering another excellent quarter, we achieved record revenue with strong growth across all geographies and product groups. We delivered double-digit non-GAAP earnings growth and we returned cash to shareholders by repurchasing $235 million of stock in the first half of 2018. Based on the strength of first half results and better visibility to an increasingly favorable second half, we are raising our 2018 revenue and non-GAAP EPS guidance. Now to the numbers, as I talk through the results and targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 14% to $777 million, reflecting strength across our product portfolio. The weighted average license duration was approximately 2.6 years and we expect the annual average to be about 3 years. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $650 million. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $587 million, resulting in an operating margin of 24.5%. GAAP earnings per share were $0.67. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.08, a 23% increase over the prior year. We are in the process of preparing our 2019 plan and will not have more definitive guidance for next year’s tax rate until after Q4. Based on what we know at this point, we currently expect our non-GAAP rate to be below our previous 19%, but higher than our 2018 rate of 13%. Operating cash flow was $63 million for the quarter, including a one-time tax payment totaling $33 million related to our 2017 repatriation of offshore cash. We ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $571 million, 23% of which is onshore and total debt of $524 million. We are committed to investing in the business to drive sustainable growth and managing our balance sheet to increase long-term shareholder value. In Q2, in addition to completing our previous $200 million ASR, we also repurchased $35 million of stock in the open market. On a trailing-12-month basis, we have returned more than 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders through buybacks. We have $490 million available on our current repurchase authorization. Black Duck, which we acquired in Q1, has been a very successful addition to our Software Integrity Group. It’s on track to meet our 2018 target of $55 million to $60 million in revenue, which reflects a purchase accounting deferred revenue haircut of about $20 million. Consistent with previous guidance, we project Black Duck to be approximately $0.12 dilutive to 2018 non-GAAP EPS and to reach breakeven in the second half of 2019. In addition, we closed two small acquisitions in the quarter that will enhance our photonic design and high-speed SerDes IP solutions. Finally before moving on to guidance, a reminder regarding the transition from Accounting Standard Topic 605 to Topic 606, which will go into effect for us in fiscal 2019 beginning in November, because of the new rules, we do expect a loss of backlog at the time of transition. However, based on our current estimates, we expect the impact on revenue to be immaterial. The precise impact will be affected by future bookings and business transactions through the rest of the year and we will provide more definitive commentary with our fiscal 2019 guidance. Now to the third quarter and fiscal 2018 guidance, for Q3, the targets are revenue between $760 and $785 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $669 million and $685 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $605 million and $615 million; other income and expenses between minus $3 million and minus $1 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 13%; outstanding shares between $153 million and $156 million; GAAP earnings of $0.65 to $0.75 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.89 to $0.93 per share. For 2018, the targets are revenue of $3.07 billion to $3.1 billion; other income and expenses between minus $6 million and minus $2 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 13%; outstanding shares between $153 million and $156 million; GAAP earnings of $1.66 to $1.76 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $3.76 to $3.83 per share; capital expenditures of about $110 million; and cash flow from operations of $500 million to $550 million. As we look to the remainder of fiscal 2018, you will note that our guidance implies higher revenue in Q3 than in Q4. This reflects the inherent variability associated with hardware and IP and is based on our best visibility at this point. Earnings will also be higher in the third quarter reflecting seasonally higher operating expenses in Q4. To summarize, we delivered our strongest revenue quarter-t-date and we are on track for a record revenue and earnings year. We continued to complement our investments in our core businesses with incremental spending in our newer higher growth products to support sustainable long-term growth. Finally, we have achieved these results while maintaining our commitment to a balance of organic investment, M&A and the return of capital to deliver strong results for our shareholders. Let me now turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question from the line of Gary Mobley with Benchmark. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Let’s just verify few things more so than anything. Your implied fiscal year ‘18 EPS guidance assumes I believe 500 basis point sequential dip in operating margin and operating margin of the year is somewhere in the neighborhood of 22% on a non-GAAP basis. And you did in fact show 600 basis point sequential dip in operating margin in the fourth quarter of last year and as you described it’s a function of seasonally weak revenue and continued increases in OpEx, so should that be the way we normally model the way your fiscal year unfolds a large sequential dip in operating margin just given the away seasonality trends?
Trac Pham: Hi, Gary, this is Trac. For this year that’s the case. It happens to be similar to last year, but I would call that as a normal trend over time. It really depends on the quality profile of our business and so you will see variable comp or commissions accruals vary from quarter-to-quarter. As we said for this year given the revenue profile and our hiring trends and then what is an expected true-up for a variable comp in Q4, it just happens to be our lowest EPS quarter.
Gary Mobley: You mentioned that Black Duck is roughly $0.12 dilutive in the current fiscal year and just doing some calculations, it looks like it’s like 200 basis points operating margin dilutive and I am assuming there is some dilution contribution from the other two acquisitions, Silicon and Beyond and Phoenix and whatnot. Can you verify that’s approximately the amount? Can you verify that maybe operating margin in 2018 will be on par with what was in the prior year if not for the acquisition dilution?
Trac Pham: Your calculation on the operating margin impact of Black Duck is in the right neighborhood. In addition to that, we have also made some investments in IP and EDA this year given the opportunities that we are seeing in the market. With regards to the operating margin changes from year-to-year excluding the impact of Black Duck, it would have been up marginally or marginally flattish year-over-year. We do expect to drive operating margins to the mid 20s as we stated in the past. And as although we are in the midst of planning FY ‘19 right now, we do plan on driving it up next year.
Gary Mobley: Last question, is the Software Integrity Group still on pace for roughly $260 million revenue this year?
Trac Pham: You are in the right range.
Gary Mobley: Alright, that’s it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Impressive increase in your annual revenue number there, $150 million, is there any other color you could give on kind of where that’s coming from I mean, is it predominantly hardware or is it a mixture of all the products? And then just sort of looking at the incremental flow-through of that to the bottom line, it looks like it’s kind of that about half of the implied corporate operating margin. So wondering what’s going on there is there some incremental dilution from the acquisitions or are you doing maybe some incremental reinvestment from some of the upside you expect to see on the top line? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: From a growth perspective, there are three things. First, it was broad across the board all businesses did very well and then I would say standing out beyond that was the IP and the hardware both did very well. It’s a little lumpy as these things occur, but at the same time I would say overall, these are healthy businesses. In terms of the ongoing management of the profitability, this has been absolutely been a year where we have made investments, we see opportunities. Black Duck of course has its own investment via M&A. And so I want to just state exactly what Trac was saying we did this on purpose knowing that we have great opportunities to grow well. And looking forward to ‘19 without giving specifics, we will pay more attention to the ops margin moving it up again.
Rich Valera: That makes perfect sense. And then just the service and maintenance revenue line this quarter, Trac, was this pretty strong as that, was there a meaningful contribution from Black Duck in there or is that – can we kind of expect that line to stay at those levels going forward or is there any other color you could give on that? Thanks.
Aart de Geus: Yes. So the consulting services business for Software Integrity is actually doing very well. However, the quarter-on-quarter increase was largely driven by the IP business, particularly the percentage completion revenues.
Rich Valera: Got it. That’s helpful. Thanks very much, gentlemen.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we go next to Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Darren Chen: Hi, this is Darren on for Farhan. My first question we kind of gone on this already a little bit, but when we look at sort of your guidance for 2018 last quarter, you basically had implied second half ‘18 of down 10% year-over-year and now we are getting par about 10% up year-over-year. Could you give us some color again on what’s changed your outlook and maybe you provide some idea of linearity across your business segments?
Trac Pham: Yes. The starting point is that overall the businesses are doing well, so that gives us very nice baseline for the year. But what really changed this quarter was based on the strength of the business that we booked in the first half and the visibility that provided to stronger IP and hardware revenues, that’s why we are increasing the second half, but it will remain very – as those businesses grow both IP and hardware we will see more variability in the business. And what we are provided right now is our best visibility of that.
Darren Chen: Got it. And then also sort of on the margin question again if I keep the gross margins and then sort of the SG&A flat and I see that R&D is probably where you could probably get more expenses, is it right to think that the R&D should go up in the second half, maybe up 17%, 18% when you look at half over half or should I be looking at expenses coming somewhere else in terms of diluting the margins as a seasonality?
Trac Pham: I can’t – I haven’t looked at the year-over-year increase. I can’t quote the 72% increase that you are driving, but we should see a combination of expense increases in R&D as well as the sales and marketing line as we ramp up both hiring those areas as well as the sales and marketing line, it’s going to be a variable comp or commissions increase.
Darren Chen: Understood. And then final question on the Black Duck and software security platform, it’s doing really well. I am curious a little bit about sort of the cross-selling aspects going forward? And then also do you see possible customers coming outside of the semiconductors in terms of just being interested in the Software Integrity platform overall? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Well, let me start with the end. Absolutely, we are seeing growth in the customer base that we knew existed, but didn’t touch in the past. And so remember when we started in this direction with acquisition Coverity, at that point in time, it was roughly 50-50 balance between semiconductor systems on one hand and software development in areas that were certainly not in our purview. That balance has continued to shift to become broader and broader as we touch very different segments be it from oil reserves to health to financial sector as industrial you name it. And fundamentally, the problem of security vulnerabilities is really anywhere in software. And so from that perspective, we do feel that we have tapped in a broader TAM. The fact that the different acquisitions I think were well chosen because they are so nicely adjacent and supportive of each other, I think you are starting now to prove itself true. And in the middle of that, Cigital added a service component that also allowed us to engage at high-leveling companies that were frankly looking themselves as to what they should be doing and by being able to provide multiple aspects of the solution, we are more attractive, we are low risk and we have sort of the steadiness of a large company that’s going to be there for the long run. So I think it’s fair to say that there is many open questions for the future, but that all-in-all we are very happy with how this is developing.
Darren Chen: Got it. Thank you for your time.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: We have a question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. Couple of quick questions. First, given that you mentioned Black Duck couple of times, can you just give us what was the organic growth rate in the quarter?
Trac Pham: I am sorry, the organic business versus Black Duck?
Sterling Auty: For the company and for the whole, so what was total organic revenue growth?
Trac Pham: Sterling, we don’t break that out.
Sterling Auty: Okay. Usually, I think about hardware as having upfront revenue recognition, so you talked about the strength in both hardware and IP helping the revenue in the second half, why is the hardware bookings in the first half spilling over? Was there an increase in lead times?
Trac Pham: No, typically hardware, sometimes you can ship if you have inventory ready to go or if you are expecting certain orders and they indeed came in at the right time. The challenge with hardware is that it is lumpy in terms of size and it is somewhat unpredictable in terms of timing and then the shipping is on top of that a function of availability and of desire of the customer frankly too. So, all of these things is a grab bag of things that are all not quite predictable. I want to just come back to the previous question, because I think it wasn’t quite clear we understood the question. We certainly don’t want to leave the impression that the organic growth rates of the integrity business was – Software Integrity business was not very good, it was actually very good, just that we don’t break it out anymore between M&A and the res. What we have said in the past and it continues to be so is that we expect the profile of acquisitions to gradually become profitable in about an 18 to 36 month timeframe. And so that’s the other financial aspect to this and the overall growth rate of that business we have in the 20% pointish neighborhood.
Sterling Auty: Got it. And then one last one kind of following on question I think Rich asked, so based on the strength in hardware and IP and how that’s impacting the second half business. How should we think about the different revenue line items, because one of the things that we have had I think more challenges in terms of forecasting, I think the total revenue estimates have been good, you have come in and beat, but our mix of time-based license versus maintenance services etcetera, I think has been more difficult to kind of pin down and I think that’s created some noise. So any help that you can give in terms of clarity to help us on those line items would be great?
Aart de Geus: Yes, I will in general, it won’t be precise for some of the nuances of it, but in general, hardware will typically show up in upfront line. And then on the IP business two-thirds of it is going to be time-based with the third being more upfront and then time-based you will see it in the time-based line as well as the consulting and maintenance – with the services and maintenance line.
Trac Pham: Maybe the comment I would add to that, you must have heard at least in the last six or seven earnings releases that we used the term lumpy, more difficult to predict in terms of to that effect. None of these terms are negative in regard to the business, but they do highlight a little bit to why we go into a year with a certain degree of caution in terms of how we predicted, because in general, we like to be able to deliver what we guide towards. At the same time, if you look at the evolution of Synopsys over now quite a number of years and you just look at the revenue line, you see that it’s fairly consistently going in the right direction even from quarter-to-quarter it may not be perfect or maybe little bumpy overall I think the company is in good shape.
Sterling Auty: Understood. Thank you.
Trac Pham: You are welcome.
Operator: We go next to Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks and good evening. Aart, let me start with hardware, in 2017 and now for the trailing 12 months it would appear that Synopsis is total hardware business based on our calculations, we are about half of the combined EDA big 3 hardware when we look at emulation and prototyping together in fact by quite a good margin on a trailing 12 basis. So when Mentor said that they were number one in emulation for Q4 that does seem to have been the case. My twofold question on that is first, what are you seeing in terms of the breadth of the hardware business which is basically a concentration question? And secondly, are you seeing more and more customers taking or with same customers taking both emulation and prototyping? So, that’s first part of the question. Thanks.
Aart de Geus: Okay. So, everything about hardware, I think the first comment is we are doing very well in this area and there is a reason for it. The reason is that the area of focus that we have zoomed in on is the intersection of hardware and software, specifically the notion of can you bring up the software, can you run the software in other words on hardware that doesn’t exist yet and therefore you use a prototype such as an emulator or FPGA board or we have some other forms of that as well. And the answer is that is a growing need because both the complexity of the hardware and delivery times and the software that’s running on the chips is demanding an earlier exercising of software and that is where we do very well. Our own sense is that yes, we have grown our market share and that we are in the lead, but Mentor does not disclose its number. So, I don’t know if they are doing something great and good for them if they do. In terms of the breadth of the product line, we have talked for quite a while about the fact that we have a verification continuum. So, the hardware pieces, emulation, HAPS boards are actually working very well in conjunction with our software tools, the simulator, the debuggers and so on. And yes, a number of customers tend to use multiple pieces and assemble them, because each one of these solutions have different characteristics, some are really good for running large amounts of software that are really good for directly interacting with real life situations, for example, the HAPS boards would be that. And in that sense, we are a very complete solution and we do see both growth in depth and in breadth and in repeat business.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Second question has to do with the next generation chips that you talked about in your prepared remarks for AI and so forth. Can you talk about any meaningful differences in terms of the consumption of your core EDA software in terms of mix and/or numbers of licenses for the next generation of chips? When you think about synthesis, power, timing, you name it versus what the leads would have been 5, 10, 15 years ago for the then-hot generations of chips, any fundamental differences in any of those kind of dimensions?
Aart de Geus: Actually, not really and this is one of the reasons we have articulated for a while that we believe there is whole wave of new opportunities is actually great for semiconductors, because the minute you can get some AI algorithm to run and do something useful, the next minute you think boy, it’s so slow, can I just make it faster? And so these chips will in no time drift forward to the most advanced Silicon Technologies. And by the way also too in a number of cases to the largest chips to be built, I mean, these are truly quite exceptional. Now, I want to quickly also say that of the many AI companies that are doing chips, they span a broad spectrum from super advanced to how quickly can we get something on the market for IoT that is using more established technologies that are narrower in their capabilities. And so I don’t think it’s actually all that different than the ways that we have seen in the past be in the computation age or in the mobility age or the networking. And there is no question that the foundries are very much focused on making sure that they continue to deliver increased transit accounts in smaller dimensions.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Lastly if I may, your press release refers to Synopsis hitting on all cylinders, which is I guess confirmation that you really are an automotive company now. When you think about the various pieces of the portfolio, can you rank the relative impact on each from automotive, in other words, you think the largest relative impact might be on, let’s say, IP or SIG or core EDA, how would you think about that?
Aart de Geus: Well, actually I can say that there are four areas that are touching it quite substantially. The design tools touch it, because the chips have to ultimately be certified on ISO 26262 and a number of those chips have some very sophisticated timing and power demands. The verification most definitely touches it and will touch it more as prototyping in the cars is going to be absolutely necessary, because the complexity is growing so fast that unless they prototype much more and that could be virtual prototyping to be really fast, they will not be able to ship the cars. The preferred areas, IP, because in these new systems, there is a lot also interface IP, there is a number of embedded processors, those two aside of having to be certified are things that people just don’t design themselves anymore, they put them in the chips. And last but not least coming from above is our Software Integrity Group, where the notion of security had a rude awakening a couple of years ago when the Jeep was hacked. And instantaneously, many decades of diligence around safety were put into question as people realized that they have sort of forgotten by the software. So in that sense they are all moving forward. Lastly, to your well-pointed clip that we are working on all cylinders, I would like to say we are working on electrification of ourselves here and so hopefully it won’t just combustion engine, but will be autonomously running the company.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks, Aart.
Operator: And we will go next to Monica Garg with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Monica Garg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Aart, specifically in your comment, you kind of talk about AI application that’s kind of one example of growth, maybe talk about what kind of used cases you are seeing in the market and how much revenue we could see from these applications going forward?
Aart de Geus: Yes. I don’t think that we can be very precise on the revenue partially because we wouldn’t disclose it partially also because there are many companies that do many things and so it’s a little bit subjective, but there is no question that there is a lot of effort in a lot of chips and also that there are quite a number of companies that 3 years or 5 years ago did not exist. And that is certainly a good sign and maybe over time, some overheating of that as all of these things tend to be above all, but at the same time, I think this is going be a long bubble, because the minute a company sees that they are not in the right direction, they will get absorbed by somebody else and the investments will continue. And so if you look at the used cases, there are quite a number of companies that are going sort of in the generic AI direction essentially trying to provide capabilities that could be used in the cloud, typically a full learning, some are very visible and so you certainly would know about an NVIDIA that has done extremely well in that, but there are many others on the way. And then there is a large number of companies that are looking at the type of things that you could put on in the edge. So it’s not the learning, but the interpreting of the learned behaviors or learned characteristics and they range from all kinds of facial recognition, voice recognition, pattern recognition of course for autonomous driving and so on, but also analysis of vibration patterns to see if machines are going to brake, identification of cracks inside of pipes. I think there is going to be a lot of very interesting creativity here and I believe that as fast as this is moving we are still very much in the beginning of this major phase.
Monica Garg: Alright, thanks. And then I have operating margin question if I look back Synopsis like 10 years numbers like in 2008, revenue was somewhere $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion and operating margins was like 23%, now fast forward 10 years, revenue has increased more than 150% to $3.1 billion, what you are guiding, but kind of margins similar to slightly lower. I guess the question is when we are seeing some significant and great growth in revenue, why we are not seeing more leverage in the margins?
Aart de Geus: That’s a very good question. And so we have always said that if we needed to do it we would push growth above ops margin, but I certainly set the price with the fact that it’s time for us to put more emphasis on the ops margin going forward. I would highlight something else though. We have been a company that has attempted and I think being successful now twice in broadening our TAM for the long-term and the first of those was in the early 2000s building the IP business, which is not a substantial part of our portfolio. And then 4 years or so ago, we decided that we would invest in what we see as a continuity from hardware into the software world and invested in the Software Integrity business throughout a number of acquisitions and also quite a bit of organic investment. And I would say that in 2018 we can say I think that has been successful. And so we are very grateful for that, because that gives us some of the opportunity to touch many, many customers that before we never have had any interaction with. It gives a different level of stability to the company in the long-term when you look at potential ups and downs in markets over many, many years. And in that sense I think it has brought an outlook to Synopsis that is more in the many years space than in the next year outlook. So in that context, your point raises the right issue, which is can we now improve the incremental improvements towards the profitability, but I would like to highlight that we are actually very happy as to where the company is now based on those investments.
Monica Garg: Thank you so much, Aart.
Aart de Geus: You are most welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go next to Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mitch Steves: Hey, guys. Thanks for your question. A few kind of small ones. I guess, I will start with the easy ones first. So just with the two quick acquisitions you guys did, is it fair to assume that didn’t contribute much to the July quarter guide meaning that it’s somewhere under 1% to the revenue line?
Trac Pham: Yes, Mitch, this is Trac. They were immaterial to the results.
Mitch Steves: Okay, perfect. And the second one I realize that people are going to poke around a bit on the operating margin line, but am I doing this math correctly that essentially the core business is growing faster, because if I add $0.12 to your FY ‘18 guide, it looks like EPS is outpacing revenue growth, which implies that the core business is essentially expanding operating margins. Is that correct?
Trac Pham: There is a few things in the results. If you break it out, clearly you have highlighted the Black Duck dilution. We do have the benefit of the tax rate which we knew some of that benefit to invest back in the business and we have mentioned earlier that we have seen pretty good opportunity in the IP as well as in the EDA space. And so those things are some of the drivers of the operating margins, but overall you separate all those things out, we are holding margins relatively flat year-over-year versus ‘17.
Mitch Steves: Okay, perfect. And then the last one just in terms of the chip complexity in the security side, so we are seeing more and more news about people essentially finding hardware hacks and things of that in the chips. So where exactly are you guys seeing the cross-selling? I mean is it basically the cloud vendors like Facebook or something like that or who exactly is a cross-selling opportunity for the Software Integrity plus the core EDA tools?
Aart de Geus: Well, so we are talking two different cross-selling opportunities. The first one is actually within the Software Integrity space where the quality tools, mostly coming from Coverity, and the security tools, Cigital, Black Duck and a few other acquisitions, they are starting to cross-sell quite nicely and it’s becoming increasingly a very coherent domain. And you may have heard in the preamble that we will also continue to invest in gradually building a platform where all of these tools work better and better together. The cross-selling from the software security to the hardware security is a little bit less direct, it is much more brand positioning and understanding of the topic. And there we do have a number of opportunities to focus more mostly through the IP business. In creating security within that, we have encryption tools, we have capabilities to build route of trust. And I think it will – that area will gradually grow, because yes, hackers have figured out that hardware could be vulnerable too and a lot of companies understand this and now are investing and improving their solutions. And I think that will continue for many years.
Mitch Steves: Okay, perfect. One last small one, just on the IP business, that was running below corporate average, is there any sort of kind of revenue run-rate you get to where the IP piece of the business would be essentially in line with the operating margins?
Aart de Geus: Yes, we don’t disclose the specifics. Structurally, it is certainly a bit more difficult in the IP, because IP is sort of a better cost between products and service business. There is certain amount of customization. There is a number of things that we do early on for certain customers and their statement of works and that describes a little bit how that works. But having said that, there is also no doubt that over the years we have gradually grown the ops margin nicely and actually certainly last quarter IP had a very high level of orders, actually the whole quarters was very strong from an order perspective and we see the steady state of our run-rate growing against.
Mitch Steves: Okay, perfect. Thanks so much.
Aart de Geus: You are welcome.
Operator: And I will turn it back to our speakers for closing remarks.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think at this point in time hopefully you’ve taken away that we had a strong quarter. The run-rate is up. The business is looking quite solid for the second half of this year. And you got a sense of where we are looking at in terms of results for ‘18 and also the beginning of a sense of how we are thinking about ‘19 although it will hold back on further comments until we get a little bit closer. Thank you very much for your attention and your support. And as usual we will be available for the Q&A afterwards.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our teleconference for today. Thank you for your attendance on today’s conference and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Services. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-02-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - Vice President, Investor Relations Aart de Geus - Chairman & Co-CEO Trac Pham - CFO
Analysts: Gary Mobley - The Benchmark Company Rich Valera - Needham & Company Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Monika Garg - KeyBanc Pacific Crest Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter Fiscal Year of 2018. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last for one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference [Technical Difficulty].
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Susan. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. In addition, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, earnings press release, and financial supplement that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation, are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Q1 was an excellent start to the year as we delivered double-digit growth in both revenue and earnings. Revenue was $769 million and non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.10 both above our target ranges. We continue to return capital to shareholders initiating a $200 million share repurchase and we closed the important acquisition of Black Duck Software. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. The market we serve through our three customer groups; semiconductors, systems companies, and software developers had a very strong 2017. The semi industry grew 19% and I'm always forecast a positive outlook for 2018 and beyond with growth expectations in the high single digits. Driving the market are three important dynamics; smart everything, sophisticated hardware software interaction and the universal need for software security. First, the new age of smart everything or digital intelligence is unfolding rapidly. Applying machine learning to massive quantities of big data requires dedicated high-performance processing, huge storage capacity, and broad connectivity bandwidth. Innovation and investments in AI chips are growing rapidly moreover digitization and early results in verticals such as automotive, industrial, medical, financial, virtual reality and many others are readily visible. The race is very much home and Synopsis is front and center with tools and IP to support the development of extremely advanced machine learning chips. Second, the intersection of dedicated high-performance hardware with vast amounts of sophisticated software is at the core of both challenges and opportunities manifested in particular with systems companies. Simply stated, faster compute enables more sophisticated software and rapidly advancing software demands still faster compute. The intersection of hardware and software is the center of gravity of Synopsis strategy and verification, emulation and prototyping. And third, the proliferation of connected devices across virtually every aspect of life makes finding security vulnerabilities early in the software development process an imperative. This is certainly paramount for systems that touch human life society's infrastructure and high value industrial and financial system. Here too Synopsis has carved out a unique technical and market leadership position and our Software Integrity Group has been growing well. Summarizing the opportunities, Synopsis is in a position today to address all of these dynamics and participate in this exciting way. We have a unique combination of leading technologies reaching from Silicon to Software with particular emphasis on the intersection of the two. Our company is global with a strong and experienced feel and support team and over the years we've executed well while having the courage to invest in adjacent growth opportunities ahead of the curve. Now to some Q1 product highlights spanning Silicon to Software. At the foundation of Silicon, Synopsis continues to help drive the development of state of the art new technologies enabling the most complex chips. FinFET designs require highly advanced performance, area, yield, and low power capabilities. As a pioneer and leader in FinFIT the design enablement, we are relying on for over 90% of these chips. Supporting development of the most advanced devices, our TCAD, technology computer aided design continues to advance to smaller and smaller circuits. Now including five, three and two nanometer nodes. These dimensions traditional TCAD needs to evolve in order to simulate individual layers of atoms. Over the last two years, Synopsis has invested in this capability and our TCAD is now capable of doing so-called atomistic simulation. Our digital design platform centered around synthesis, place and route and sign off continues to drive advanced customer results and growth. During the quarter, we won a business-critical AI targeted design and had a significant competitive displacement at a high-profile US systems company both driven by excellent low power results. Success with advanced process technology also continues. One example was a competitive win on an ARM CPU implementation in China driven by better total power consumption results. Reflecting the compelling benefits of integration of physical verification into our core digital flow IT house known for its A6 for industrial automotive and medical technology selected IC Validator replacing incumbent tools. Our custom analog product group also posted a strong quarter. Custom Compiler continues to grow, we've made inroads into larger Asian semiconductor companies expanding our footprint versus the incumbent. In addition, demand for our mixed signal simulation in memory and automotive segments is high as customers accelerate their move into next generation DRAM and 3D NAND memory design. Now to verification where we continue to deliver outstanding results and grow. Our Verification Continuum platform is the most comprehensive solution in the market today utilizing the fastest engines across the board and with the number one position in both software and hardware verification. In Q1 our franchise VCS simulator displaced the incumbent at a marquee US systems company and a large broad-based semiconductor provider. Our hardware based ZeBu emulation and HAPS prototyping again delivered very strong growth and broad-based customer adoption. In Q1 ZeBu deployments included leading companies such as AMD, Broadcom, HiSilico and NXP. In addition, we announced a partnership with the French alternative energies and atomic energy commission, a key player in technology research. The partnership enables advancements of ZeBu as the leading SOC emulation tool for the European automotive industry. Moving to our IP product, we continue to deliver double-digit revenue growth with strength across the board. Our excellent results are derived from the high reliability and quality of our broad portfolio of interface, memory, analog, security and processor IP along with our very skilled and dedicated global support teams. Over the past several months, we further expanded our IP portfolio with the acquisitions of Kilopass and Sidense augmenting our non-volatile memory offering. Solid adoption of our security IP continues, with significant wins at several leading semiconductor companies, one of which is using our IP for its high-value autonomous driving SoCs. Also in automotive, we see continued traction of our embedded vision processor and certified interfaces. Let me pause for a moment on automotive. While many verticals are racing towards a world of smart everything, automotive is simultaneously moving to car electrification and autonomous driving, while having to maintain and extend safety and security requirements. The tongue-and-cheek quip of the car becoming a computer on wheels is actually not an exaggeration at all. In the last few years, we have therefore significantly increased our focus on this sector. Today a growing customer base, ranging from car OEMs, to tier 1 suppliers, to semiconductor providers, to AI chip and algorithm specialists, rely on Synopsys across our EDA, IP and Software Integrity platforms. Synopsys tools are used to address critical safety and security requirements across the automotive development lifecycle, including virtual prototyping and verification to aid in system development, safety-standard certified IP, ISO certified EDA tools, optical solutions for automotive lighting, and software security testing to drive secure, high-quality code. Which leads me to our Software Integrity group, whose goal it is to provide products and services to build security and quality into the software development lifecycle, and across the entire cyber supply chain. Our strategy to accomplish this is two-fold. First, offer a Software Integrity platform that covers a broad range of programming languages and security testing solutions. In this highly fragmented market, with scores of point tools for sale, a comprehensive platform from a global, reliable supplier is highly valuable. And second, provide company leaders with high-level consulting and benchmarking to help them assess their current threat environment, and devise plans of attack to address the security problem throughout their software development process. In the last four years, we've systematically built our Software Integrity Group to critical mass through both organic execution and strategic acquisitions. Top off by the acquisition of Black Duck this quarter, our brand is solidifying, and industry experts are recognizing the strength of Synopsys' strategy and portfolio. At this point, we've been rated by Gartner as a Leader in their Magic Quadrant for application security testing. Just last quarter, we were also named a Leader in the Forrester Wave for static application security testing, while we also achieved a Leadership designation in IDC's Marketscape for quality analysis. These recognitions make a difference, as they facilitate gaining access to the top levels of company executives across many industries. We experienced product strength across the board and continued to close large new and renewal contracts with companies and industries ranging from financial service to automotive. Our consulting business group is working at capacity, and the value of our engagement is steadily increasing. As mentioned, we closed the acquisition of Black Duck, a leader in open source testing for both security vulnerabilities and license compliance. The integration is progressing smoothly with bookings and revenue well on track. The highly respected Black Duck brand and market position have also brought further positive attention to Synopsys as the emerging software quality and security company. In summary, we started fiscal 2018 on a strong note, exceeding expectations and raising our full-year guidance; we're seeing very good momentum with our EDA platforms, continued strength and expansion of our IP portfolio, and excellent progress in Software Integrity as we continue to invest and broaden our TAM in this emerging market. Let me now turn the call over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. Q1 results were very strong and we continue to see good momentum in the business. Our financial results met or exceeded our expectations across all key metrics. Let me provide a few highlights from the quarter. We achieved our highest quarterly revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share to date, even when excluding the impact of an extra fiscal week, which contributed $46 million to revenue and $0.07 to EPS. We also initiated a $200 million accelerated share repurchase, continuing our commitment to a balanced strategy of internal investments, M&A for long-term growth, and buybacks. Based on our record Q1 operating performance and the favorable new corporate tax rate, which I'll discuss in more detail shortly, we are raising our 2018 revenue and non-GAAP EPS outlook. Now to the numbers, as I talk through the results and targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 18% to $769 million. The results were above our guided range and reflects strength across our broad product portfolio. Excluding the extra week in Q1, revenue grew 11%. The weighted average license duration was approximately three years, which we forecast to be our annual average as well. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $662 million. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $573 million, with operating margin at 25.5% percent. GAAP earnings per share were negative $0.02 cents, reflecting a one-time, GAAP-only expense due to tax reform. The impact was two-fold; a $46 million write-down of our deferred tax assets to reflect the new U.S. statutory rate, and a one-time transition tax of $73 million on our offshore earnings that remained after we repatriated cash in Q4. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.10, a 17% increase that includes an $0.08 benefit from a lower non-GAAP tax rate. Let me pause for a moment on taxes. Because of the reduction in the U.S. statutory tax rate, our non-GAAP rate decreased from 19% to 13% for fiscal 2018. As certain parts of U.S. tax reform and various international changes take effect in fiscal 2019, we expect the non-GAAP rate to increase next year. At this time, we expect the rate to be below our previous 19% normalized rate, but we are still working through the details and will provide a more definitive projection later in the year. Operating cash outflow was $59 million for the quarter, due to our normal year-end incentive  compensation payout, partially offset by strong collections. We ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $606 million with 24% onshore, and total debt of $572 million. Including the $200 million ASR that we launched in Q1, our trailing twelve-month buyback as a share of free cash flow is greater than 100%. We have $200 million remaining on our current authorization and are reaffirming our goal of using buybacks and keep share count roughly flat with last year. M&A was also a significant use of cash in the quarter, as we closed two acquisitions, Black Duck and Kilopass. As we mentioned in December, we expect Black Duck to contribute roughly $55 million to $60 million in revenue, which reflects a purchase-accounting deferred revenue haircut of about $20 million to $25 million. We expect it to be $0.12 dilutive to 2018 non-GAAP EPS, reach breakeven in the second half of 2019, and be accretive thereafter. Before I turn to guidance, I'll briefly comment on the upcoming transition from Accounting Standard Topic 605 to Topic 606, which will go into effect for us in fiscal 2019 beginning in November. Because the actual impact of the transition will depend on future bookings throughout this year, we cannot provide concrete guidance on the expected impact. However, based on what we know now and our expectations for the year, we expect the revenue impact to be immaterial. We will provide more definitive commentary with our fiscal 2019 guidance. And as a reminder, this is an accounting change only, and will not impact our cash flow or how we think about our business. Now to second quarter and updated fiscal 2018 guidance. As we mentioned in December, we expect first half revenue and earnings to be greater than the second half. Because of a shift in timing of customer hardware requirements, Q2 is expected to be even stronger than our original expectations, creating a more pronounced difference between first and second half. As you've seen in the past couple of years, as our hardware revenue has grown, the profile of revenue has become more variable and will fluctuate due to changes in customer schedules. For Q2, the targets are revenue between $765 million and $790 million, total GAAP costs and expenses between $637 million and $653 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $575 million and $585 million. Other income between minus $1 million and positive $1 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of 13%, outstanding share between $153 million and $156 million, GAAP earnings of $0.69 to $0.77 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $1.06 to $1.10 per share. For 2018, the revised guidance are revenue of $2.92 billion to $2.95 billion, an increase of $40 million over our previous target. Other income and expenses between minus $6 million and minus $2 million, and annualized non-GAAP tax rate of 13%, outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million, GAAP earnings of $1.59 to $1.69 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $3.67 to $3.74 per share, due to the favorable effects of tax reform. Capital expenditures of approximately $110 million, and cash flow from operations of $500 million to $550 million. To summarize, we delivered a record quarter for revenue and non-GAAP earnings. Based on our excellent Q1 performance and strong 2018 outlook, amplified by favorable tax reform, we're raising our guidance for 2018. Finally, we continue to execute well on our capital allocation strategy striking an appropriate balance of organic and inorganic investments, plus returning capital to shareholders, to drive sustainable, long-term value. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Gary Mobley with Benchmark. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a strong start to the year.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Gary Mobley: So, if I do the math right it looks like if you adjust for the additional week in Q1, your guidance implies the second half that is what 6% lower than the first half and could you give any - confirm that first of all and give us the parameters that is causing you to be so conservative with respect to second half?
Aart de Geus: That's right Gary, you are looking at the first half that is going to be stronger than the second half. I would characterize the second half has been weak as more just a fact that the timing of our hardware shipments has skewed more to the first half as a result of what the customer schedules are requiring.
Gary Mobley: And just to confirm, so Software Integrity Group on pace for what roughly $260 million considering the purchase accounting headwind and what roughly $300 million without the headwind.
Aart de Geus: Well, we haven't disclosed the exact numbers. We've given you pretty good hints as we acquired different companies over the years. All of this area is growing above 20% per year organically and of course the acquisitions have accelerated to that. Fundamentally you're in the right ballpark, but we don't disclose the specifics. But I would say that our sense is that this business has definitely reached critical mass, meaning that the ingredients that we have, the technical position but also our ability to leverage the acquisitions well in the field support the customer as well on a global basis has definitely strengthened substantially and this quarter for us was a very clear sign that the group is well managed and that we see upside going forward.
Gary Mobley: Okay. I'm assuming your guidance included the consideration for the additional week, so considering that it looks like you reported roughly by 2% of revenue upside and organic revenue growth of 11%. And can you point out one or two factors that are driving the revenue acceleration of the revenue upside for the quarter?
Trac Pham: Gary, you're right. The guidance did include the extra week and your calculations in the ballpark. I would say that across the board is very good quarter, we had good growth across all the business lines. We did see little bit more strength in the Software Integrity business and to a less extent hardware as well.
Gary Mobley: Okay. I'll hop in the queue. Thank you, everyone.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Rich Valera. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Just following-up on that same line of questioning. Core EDA was particularly strong in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. Can you highlight what were some of the drivers of the strength in the core EDA business?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think it's useful to start with the big picture which is fundamentally we're still in a very strong high-tech market and specifically semiconductor related market for really no surprising reasons the acceleration towards the world changing towards a smart everything investment sets that will literally impact every vertical is continuing. Now, I think we will over the year see some up and down for semiconductors which is normal but in aggregate it's sort of a strong phase of the industry within that every aspect of our business is putting to tasks to actually help with this and it starts with the fact that there's a whole bunch of new chips being designed specifically in AI on the premise that while general computing has brought us reasonably far and graphics chips have moved it even further. If one could create chips now that we're still much faster one could still do much more AI and I think that will continue and so that's where we see new entrants, we see investments in sophisticated chips and across the board both in the design side in the IP and the verification all of this is pretty much all in the state of the art FinFET group. So that drives pretty much the whole front.
Rich Valera: Got it. And then Trac was any of the $40 million that you raise the guidance by from the couple of small acquisitions you made I think Kilopass and Phoenix?
Trac Pham: No, it was not. I mean, I'm sorry to a modest extent but from the most part organic growth.
Rich Valera: And sort of similarly, it looks like if you lower the tax rate by the 6% roughly there that you'd get around I think $0.26 of benefit. You're raising your EPS guide by a bit less than that. Are you kind of electing to reinvest a little bit of that upside from the tax rate into the business or is there may be a little dilution from those acquisitions?
Trac Pham: I wouldn't turn it to the dilution. From the most part, we're off to a good start for the year with the results in Q1. We're giving the best outlook we have at this point based on our visibility. And I think that's pretty early in the year, so we've got several questions left to deliver on.
Rich Valera: Fair enough. Thanks. Congratulations on the nice quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And I apologize Mr. Valera was from Needham and Company. The next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Brent Thielman: Hi, good afternoon. This is actually Brent Thielman for Tom. Thanks for taking my questions. First one on your IP business, how much of it is it currently ratable up front?
Trac Pham: I'm sorry, we missed that question.
Brent Thielman: On your IP business, how much of that business is currently ratable versus upfront?
Trac Pham: I would say more than two-thirds of that is time based and I'm being specific about time base rather than ratable because there's a good portion of consulting or consulting business that is recognized on a percentage of completion basis.
Brent Thielman: Okay. Thank you. And then Asia Pacific was actually the only reason that declined sequentially during the quarter, can you give us any color as to how China is doing in particular in the Software Integrity business side and then are there any emerging trends that are perhaps different from the rest of the geography?
Trac Pham: You know, I think looking at the quarter-by-quarter in our business while may be giving you some insight is actually not the best way to look at Synopsis. Everything we ourselves always look at is at a minimum of trailing 12-month basis and if you did that for Asia Pacific, you would find that it's far and away the highest growing region and China in general is one of the hard drivers, positive drivers for that. So, I would not read anything into a specific quarter at all. Fundamentally, we're doing extremely well in those areas.
Brent Thielman: Okay. Great, thank you. And then one last question regarding M&A. Over the past year and a half given opportunistically acquiring a few companies in IT and software. How are those trailing under your current portfolio and then how are those being integrated at this time?
Trac Pham: Well, you know the integration is something that we already look at during the process of doing the acquisition because fundamentally we try to follow what we call the rule of adjacency which is trying to find businesses that are different from what we have, but close enough to minimize risks and leverage what we have and the adjacency falls into the technical adjacency, channel adjacency or customer adjacency. And so, from that perspective, the minute a new team joins us we try to integrate quickly all the infrastructure functions, all the business functions when it makes sense and when it goes to the same customers typically the same sales people deal with it and this is a process of making sure that that it's like two trains in movements merging at the same time and doing that without losing any of the speed, I guess there is some Olympic analogy here somewhere. And so, I think we've done quite well with these acquisitions and to take the largest one that is ongoing Black Duck right now, while it is not all that long ago that we closed. We can already say that it has had a very positive impact on our relationship with customers because Black Duck has an outstanding market position, but also an outstanding brand. And it fits very well and is extremely complimentary to what we already have and so that's a good example of what we try to do in the different areas and you were correct to highlight that we did a number of those in the Software Integrity Group as well as in the IP group and it's essentially the same story there.
Brent Thielman: All right great. Thank you and then one last one if I, one quick follow up if I could. I guess with the amount of cash that you have right now in hand, what are the pieces of technology are you looking to acquire over the next several months?
Trac Pham: Well this is one of those questions where we always mumble our way through it, as we don't really want to indicate what our next steps are. Let me just generalize it, as you know over the years we have never been shy to acquire but we're also not shy to invest ourselves and so we try to do balance between R&D investments and acquisitions to keep us on the leading edge and also to allow us to sometimes enter domains that would take too long to do on our own. And this is only possible if one continually looks at the opportunities around the vast majority of the things that one may be interested in actually never materialized and such a relatively small percentage that ultimately gets acquired but that percentage is harvested over a long period of time. And so, we're on the lookout but we won't necessarily give you the next names yet.
Brent Thielman: Alright. Thanks a lot.
Trac Pham: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse. Your line is open please go ahead.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the result. My first question is regarding the tax reform. We have the tax reform passed recently and as part of that now you have access to all your ongoing free cash flow generation without worrying about what's onshore versus offshore. So, how are you thinking about the capital structure of the company and is there any change in how you view the business given the tax reform in the onshore versus offshore cash submission?
Trac Pham: Hi Farhan, this is Trac. So, you're right. The tax reform does provide more flexibility to us however, if you look at our history over the years we've done a pretty job of balancing on between investing in the business while doing buybacks and acquisitions. That's been fairly successful to-date, so I would expect that we continue on that path.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then one question just on the linearity of the yields and I look at the guidance, the guidance for the full year, the second half fiscal seems like you are pretty much flat year-on-year for revenue growth. How much of it is conservatism versus just something really going on with the hardware business, because it seems like the growth has been more than 10% for about six quarters and now suddenly you are going from like 14% implied in the quarter you have brought to basically 0% in second half of the year?
Aart de Geus: I would first point you to the guidance for the full year where we've raised our revenue range for the year from 7% to 8% growth. I think that's very healthy growth. What you are seeing in the second half is just the shift of the time in hardware, I wouldn't characterize it as being conservative or just anything wrong with the software business. As I said in our initial remarks we're seeing very good execution across all of our businesses whether you're talking by products or by region. So, it's just a function of profiling of course in the quarter.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And just one gridlock question. Have you given any thought to starting to report your Software Security business? It's obviously becoming almost like 10% of your revenues and it's not yet profitable. So, it's kind of I would argue that we are not getting any credit for it in terms of how investors are looking at the business. So, have you given any thought to just expediting the business or at least in the sense from a segment reporting point of view?
Trac Pham: Yes, this year we are very much focused on integrating Black Duck and executing that plan. We're excited about the fact that we are hitting critical mass in that space and throughout this year as we evaluate how best to manage that business the reporting I think will fall out of that. So, we'll have more to describe later in the year as we have more clarity on that.
Farhan Ahmad: Thank you. That's all I have.
Trac Pham: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. Just want to start with the upfront revenue just want to make sure you talk strength in ZeBu, was the hardware the main component in the upside and the upfront revenue in the quarter or was there strength in other parts as well?
Trac Pham: As I said previously, there were strength across the board. But when, if you're looking at the upfront portion specifically that's where hardware will show up.
Sterling Auty: Okay. But relative to your expectations how would you characterize the strength in that revenue line. How much do you see or you think was hardware versus other items?
Trac Pham: Marginally. I think most of the upside was across very good strength across all of the businesses.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then given the transition tax and other, can you just talk about the cash flow in the quarter what items may have kind of weighed down the cash flow in the quarter and obviously a good deferred revenue contribution. But what were the things that maybe took away from some of the cash flow strength?
Trac Pham: Yes. For Q1 specifically, keep in mind that's when we payout our variable comp from last year. So that really weighs mostly on the Q1 results. Sterling is that what you are referring to?
Sterling Auty: Yes. But even looking at it on a seasonally adjusted basis, it was more than I would have expected. So, I don't know if there was actually cash tax payment timing with repatriation or other items that maybe would have weighed on cash flow in the first quarter.
Trac Pham: No, the biggest part is that we typically do see a negative outflow in Q1 related to variable comp. There are some other puts and takes, but that would be the largest component of that.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then last question again, just around cash flow. You are raising the full year revenue by $40 million, but you're leaving the cash from operations range unchanged. Is there anything to be read into that?
Trac Pham: No, it's really frankly early in the year and cash flow typically is the hardest one, hardest metric for us to project. Keep in mind that when you look at the full year that there's a few unusual items, last year we had a one-time benefit from a $30 million for a top tech and then this year we've got a couple of unusual items that we've highlighted before. So, at this point we're off to a good start but it is pretty early to make a call on cash flow.
Sterling Auty: Okay, thank you.
Trac Pham: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks. Good evening. Aart let me come back to the question regarding core EDA software momentum, Rich asked about that earlier. And the question is this historically if you go back over the last two or more decades in EDA, when there's been a good product category the momentum was lasted rough average two to three years and then things begin to cool for a particular category at least that's the history. We've now seen for the last one to two years or longer some good momentum and implementation for synthesis which specifically helps you and a couple of other categories. And so, the question is, is there something different now that might suggest that certain categories that have already had one or two good years of momentum might just keep going contrary to perhaps historical trends with regard to specific categories?
Aart de Geus: Well, in many ways we have long moved beyond the individual products determining what quarters look like or even years as companies such as ourselves our defacto providing much more complete solutions and an intersect with our customers on the basis of multi-year agreements. And so, both of those comments both lead to the same thing, which is its fundamentally smoothest curves and makes them more stable and that is also supported by the fact that for some of the very large customers stability of relationship in both directions is very important because one tends to not see under the numbers the fact is also very big human interaction by virtue of support and being on the most advanced projects almost on equal terms with the employees of the customer. And so, well certainly certain technology drives are related to new needs I don't think that the renewal of certain products are necessarily driving big waves. If I can highlight an example of a new need though, in verification we have seen substantial high growth rate now for multiple years in the whole area of trying to prototype systems in a combination of software and hardware or more and more hardware and that's relates to truly a problem that is growing and that is the problem of can you get the software to run on the hardware before you have the hardware because once you have the hardware, you don't want to wait for the software to be debugged or fully optimized. And I think that is an area that will continue to grow and is of super high interest also when you look at all the AI processors that have one objective, run software faster than before. And so, that would be essentially the gradual coming about of a new category but even there it's sort of grew out of software simulation before it became hardware. But overall, we've seen a continual growth of our run rate across the board and I think it's just we are in good technology times right now.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: I'll ask my two remaining questions together so both for you. So, number one, one of the things that we've seen from the geo-perspective that's really interesting over the last one to two years is the recovery in Japan. Your numbers are looking better sequentially and year-over-year on a trailing 12 basis in Japan and it broadly true for the industry and certainly if that's the opposite of what had been a very long draught for EDA in that market. And so, the question is what's changed there and you think that keeps going? And then lastly, just a year ago you bought Cigital as a necessary step to provide services for SIG and how are you thinking about the long-term services intensity of that business? You got the nucleus of services just over a year ago with that acquisition, but do you think over time or for at least the time being SIG becomes more services intense or perhaps might have become services intense over time?
Aart de Geus: Well, two very different questions. Starting with Japan, you are absolutely correct that it used to be called the lost decade and I think the added and it became the lost decade in which Japan went to really really tough hi-tech times and a renewal of workforce recombination or consolidation of many companies that had many cuts and itself a little bit like the beatings will stop when the morale improves. I think the good news is, I think the morale has improved, they are in the number of companies' sort of fresh, more modern, more western organized managements that is looking at growing the businesses. And so, it feels better in Japan still if I look at our numbers it's still the slowest growing region in the world over at least trailing 12 months area. I think that there is more rebound possible in Japan, but it took literally a redo of the hi-tech industry I would say. Regarding Cigital, the service group is very much focused on managed services which is the ability to not necessarily be physically apt a customer but deliver it over the crowd. And secondly, I think the services will continue for quite a while because the problem statement of what does security mean and how do you do it is one that is not only evolving rapidly by a constant new vulnerabilities that also demands a degree of sophistication that many companies don't half and therefore the quality educations of the seventies and eighties are now replaced by the security educations of the 2010 and with that I think we can not only align better with customers but ourselves or learn what it's like to have to modify companies from within with our tools and I think it's very well aligned with the rest of our business.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Monika Garg from KeyBanc services. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Monika Garg : Hi, thanks for taking my question. First track on the operating margin side, you've raised your revenue guidance 7.5%, the midpoint somewhere 7.5% to 8%. But if we model as what you've guided your operating margins would be down almost 130, 140 basis points year-over-year. Why are we not seeing more leverage in the margins?
Trac Pham: You know Monika, we can go through the model with you in more specific details. But right now, the way we're managing is to keep margins relatively flat with last year. And then excluding the impact of Black Duck as we've commented previously organic margins would have gone up to absorb that dilution.
Monika Garg: Okay. And then, if I look at all those software security acquisitions you have done Black Duck, Cigital all the previous ones. If I add all of them together, when do think this company, this whole business together it could be breakeven and profitable?
Aart de Geus: Well, we are essentially executing on the same business algorithm with each acquisition, which is these acquisitions typically come in either not being profitable or needing substantial investments because there's great growth opportunity and we followed the sort of same recipe which is a; we have to deal with the accounting haircut and b, with the integration cost and the potential desire to invest have always the same objective turn each of these acquisitions positive from a profitability point of view within the first 18 to 24 months. And I would say we're on track with all of those. And at the same time, this is a business that clearly has great long-term opportunity and having been able to assemble in about four years a really strong position, I think bodes really well for the long-term return of value to the company.
Monika Garg: And then the last one here, Aart you had talked about some new cases in autonomous driving could you talk in detail how Synopsis is looking to deploy and develop AI machine learning solutions and then can you talk about IP vision processing, talk about if your customers who are looking to develop solutions with the same any design wins you can share? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well let me take the gel topic of AI and we are both a participant and user ourselves and of course a supporter in many ways of the development and the advancement of AI. As a user, we have a number of projects that we apply to our own tools with an objective to see which one of the AI algorithms can actually make the tools run faster or better or diagnose things more smoothly and there's a host of projects that I won't go into here but look promising. And at the same time, I think there's also a learning curve to see which one of these projects has the highest return on investment. As a supporter, we touch many aspects and for starters, I mentioned it earlier we have now seen a rapid progression of some successful AI algorithms on general processors to the graphics processors to now specialized processors. And I was talking just two weeks ago to one of the CTOs of companies that's developing one of the most advanced AI processor cores in the world for sure and he was saying a lot unbelievably promising because here they can do our computations that are probably going to be 100 to 1000 times faster than what was possible before except they really want another billion times faster. And that certainly [ph] how I feel about it which is that we have opened the door to a category of computations that in the long long term aims to rival what's fundamentally the human brain can do and in order to do that you need a degree of computation that is not anywhere close to what we have today and therefore I think the enhancements are going to continue at a very very rapid pace for a long period of time. So, in that context these people all very quickly navigate to the most advanced silicon to the launch largest possible chips they can design and by the way they wanted on market yesterday therefore they're in a hurry and those are perfect customers for our tools, for our IT, and for our support. In addition to that, in order to check this thing out, they want to run software on mock ups of prototypes and by the way the software has to be secured too. So, sort of everything we touch is somehow in the soup and we're trying to stir it as fast as we can. But it's certainly very interesting to see how rapid the evolution of learning is in this field.
Monika Garg: Thank you so much.
Trac Pham: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Mitch Steves: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. I had two, kind of first on the Software Integrity side. So, now that you guys have a lot of assets and there you are getting close to kind of a $0.25 billion dollars of revenues. Is there any sort of seasonality to be aware of in terms of the combined entity just so we get a clarity on kind of the seasonality except for the full year?
Trac Pham: Hi Mitch, the Software Integrity business won't really effect seasonality. It's mostly time based and so, you will see variations driven by that business on the margin.
Mitch Steves: Yes, does that include the deferred write-off in all that as well?
Trac Pham: Yes.
Mitch Steves: Okay. And then the second one was kind of just in terms of the overall markets. So, based on what Aart was saying it sounds like the entire industry is kind of hits critical mass, so what would be the rough market share you guys think you have and then what is the total addressable market the entire Software Integrity portfolio at this time?
Trac Pham: You know, I was just looking at That a few minutes ago and I concluded for myself over and over again. Even determining what the TAM really is, is virtually impossible. We can put a number right now at about $2 billion or so, but to be honest I'm not sure that how many of the software companies in the world this encompasses that sooner or later are going to run into the necessity to have their software checked out for vulnerabilities. And this is where it ties actually indirectly to electronics. Electronics in simultaneously connecting pretty much everything in the world to everything else therefore everything is a potential entry point for vulnerabilities and no matter how innocuous sales from software is in some coffee maker or god knows what you know once it's connected to a network somewhere it can be an entry point. And therefore, I think that the notion of software quality and security will continue to just broaden itself. Now having said that of course the market doesn't grow infinitely fast and I think we are in a good position because we have found this combination of organic growth from M&A growth, but most importantly to try to build a position that is strong for the long term and is trusted for the long-term. And that implies being able to execute well against needs of the customer. [Technical Difficulty].
Operator: Hi, this is Susan, the operator. I apologize I got disconnected. It is at the five-minute mark, so I'd like to turn the conference back over to your host.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, let me apologize for what happened, we have no idea what it was but you probably heard the same beeping and I just came down, I guess this is the beeping of the end of this event. So, let me thank you for participating you heard hopefully that we executed well this corner and feel good about Q2 and the year's outlook. And as usual, I will be available for the individual comments in the aftermath. Apologize again for the abrupt ending, but we appreciate your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude our conference. We thank you for your participation today and for your patience and also for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-11-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - Vice President, Investor Relations Aart de Geus - Chairman and Co-CEO Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Gary Mobley - The Benchmark Company Rich Valera - Needham & Company Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Jackson Ader - JPMorgan Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Monika Garg - KeyBanc Pacific Crest Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Reba. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’d like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today’s earnings press release. The company will also refer to the planned acquisition of Black Duck Software. Please note that the acquisition is not yet closed and is subject to closing conditions and regulatory review. Finally, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the discussion. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, earnings press release, and financial supplement that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation, are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I am happy to report another excellent quarter and with it another outstanding year for Synopsys. In fiscal 2017, we delivered revenue of $2.725 billion, an increase of 12.5%, non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.42, 13% growth, we generated $635 million in operating cash flow, our three-year backlog grew by approximately $150 million to $3.7 billion and we bought back $400 million of our stock. These results extended our multi-year track record of strong growth with three-year CAGRs of 10% for both revenue and non-GAAP earnings, accentuated by upside from hardware and IP, our business became stronger and stronger as we moved through the year, resulting in good revenue growth across all product groups and all geographies. The fiscal ‘17 double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth was achieved through both revenue growth and increasing operating margin, even with acquisition-related dilution. Simultaneously, we further scaled our Software Integrity solutions with good organic growth, the Cigital acquisition in Q1 and the planned Black Duck transaction announced earlier this month. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. As we assess the business we’ve built over the past 30 plus years and look forward to the next five years to 10 years, we’re enthusiastic about our prospects. The market opportunity is vast and increasing as we enter the age of Smart Everything. Synopsys is well-aligned to benefit from the emerging market dynamics. And lastly, our financial position and priorities amply support our aspirations. Let me expand on these three elements of our value proposition. First, the age of Smart Everything or Digital Intelligence is here. Following the decades driven by Computation and then Mobility, Digital Intelligence is the third major wave of electronics impact. Week by week we can see its reach growing, be it through the Internet of Things, automotive, virtual reality, medical devices or industrial. The need to manipulate massive amounts of data, apply AI through machine learning, while guaranteeing security is unstoppable. All of this is made possible with an insatiable hunger for next-generation advanced chips and complex software developed by our customers. Second, Synopsys is uniquely positioned at the very intersection of silicon hardware and software. Our design and verification tools are essential for the next-generation of advanced chips and systems. Our growing silicon-proven IP offering reduces risk and speeds time-to-market. In addition, our Software Integrity portfolio prevents code flaws from becoming security disasters. And third, we have maintained strong financial solidity while broadening our company TAM precisely for the opportunity at hand. Our recurring revenue model lets us consistently invest in advanced product development and support. We’ve managed our strong balance sheet and cash flow to enable both consistent stock buybacks and TAM-broadening acquisitions. And we’re driving shareholder value through long-term, high-single digit, non-GAAP earnings growth. Elaborating on our market and technical position, let me provide some highlights, beginning with EDA. With continued silicon and architectural sophistication, the success of next-generation chips is paramount in bringing about big data and machine learning opportunities. Synopsys EDA continues to enable astounding levels of complexity, resulting in strong demand for state-of-the-art solutions across our product lines. Even with strong competition and continued customer consolidation, we’ve fared well with growth outpacing the others over the past several years. We continue to strongly invest in our market leading digital design platform. Our solution has been instrumental in enabling many firsts, the first ever 10 nanometer production design, the first 7 nanometer tapeout, and now significant activity on early 5 nanometer designs. The largest ever FinFET design was implemented with the Synopsys platform, as was the largest networking processor in the world. Our digital platform is consistently trusted on the most advanced projects and is relied on for more than 95% of all FinFET designs. Our success is particularly evident in applications such as mobile, automotive, CPUs, graphics and AI-specific processors. And while we’re seeing share gains with customers across industries ranging from networking to storage to sensors, automotive has been particularly strong with nine of the top 10 automotive IC suppliers enabled through the Synopsys platform. Notably, at a leading automotive IC supplier, we’re growing and displacing the competition. Meanwhile, the move to smaller geometries continues. New manufacturing approaches, new materials, and new innovative transistor structures require our 3D TCAD expertise to develop them. In Q4, we announced the acquisition of QuantumWise, whose amazing atomic-level simulation tools enhance our ability to model the most advanced next-generation devices. In custom and analog mixed-signal design, our Custom Compiler and Circuit Simulation not only demonstrated excellent technical results but saw good revenue growth during the year. Customers such as MediaTek, Renesas, Panasonic, ST and TDK/Micronas have reported very successful deployments and tapeouts using our Custom Compiler solution, which is targeted specifically at FinFET designs. Now to verification, which continues to be an area of strength and growth for Synopsys. We realized a number of years ago that as chips and systems became more and more complex, verification would increasingly be required at the intersection of hardware and software. Over the last years, while collaborating with market leading customers, we developed a comprehensive verification platform that excels at exactly that. In fiscal 2017, our investments have resulted in another outstanding year of growth and share gains. One example is Samsung SARC, which chose our Verification Continuum, including simulation, formal, emulation, debug and verification IP as the primary solution for their advanced mobile processor designs. Strong customer adoption of our hardware verification products drove another record year as well. Among high profile customers presenting at the Design Automation Conference in June, AMD highlighted its use of our ZeBu emulation for early software development and bring-up. For software, emulation speed is critical and ZeBu is the fastest solution in the market. In Q4, we saw another example of the huge potential for our emulation. A mobile giant, faced with verification challenges inherent in software-rich mobile platforms adopted ZeBu citing its performance superiority. Turning to semiconductor IP, we had another excellent year of double-digit growth. Over the past 15 plus years, we’ve built the broadest portfolio of IP titles and subsystems and have become a trusted partner and market leader. Our foundry relationships and active drive in standards groups ensure that customers can buy leading-edge products in key technology processes at the earliest stages. During 2017, we further expanded our portfolio, with continued focus on automotive, IoT and security. We expanded our IoT offering with our new ARC Secure IP subsystem for endpoint security and our IoT Development Kit to accelerate software development for sensor fusion, voice recognition and face detection designs. We announced the collaboration with Morpho, a leader in digital security and identity solutions to accelerate deep learning processing for embedded vision applications. In Q4, we acquired Sidense, adding One-Time Programmable Non-Volatile Memory IP, which is used in automotive and IoT among other markets. Our IP group has been a beneficiary of customer consolidation, providing outsourcing options to companies who want to target their limited engineering resources more towards differentiating their projects. Let me next move to our Software Integrity Group, which provides products and services to build security and quality into the software development lifecycle and across the entire cyber supply chain. Customers for these solutions span semiconductor and systems companies, who are embedding considerable software content into their chips and devices, all the way to developers of software in industries such as financial services, medical, automotive and high-impact industrial. Over the past three-and-a-half years, we’ve become a clear leader in this emerging high-growth industry. Since our initial entry with the acquisition of Coverity, we’ve invested both organically and through key acquisitions to develop a product platform and services to better serve companies deal with daunting software security problems. As we gain scale and credibility, our brand recognition continues to strengthen. Gartner ranks Synopsys now as a leader in its Magic Quadrant for Application Security Testing. During the year, we made good progress integrating the Cigital and Codiscope acquisitions, and are now seeing a positive impact on demand. Earlier this month, we announced the acquisition of Black Duck Software, the leader in testing Open Source software for known security vulnerabilities and license compliance. With Open Source making up 60% or more of all applications, this capability is critical to deliver a robust platform. Initial customer reaction has been great, as they recognize the benefits of combining Black Duck’s highly respected capabilities with the broader Synopsys offering. The acquisition is scheduled to close shortly, subject to regulatory review and customary closing conditions. Our vision and investments are resonating well with customers and we’re excited about the long-term potential of this product group. Lastly, I’ve mentioned a number of vertical markets this afternoon. One key vertical that is going through momentous change and is directly impacted by our end-to-end solutions is automotive. Let me provide some highlights resulting from our multiyear automotive strategy. Because safety is so critical, the automotive industry requires certification of products up and down their value chain. We’ve significantly expanded our portfolio of products certified for standards such as ISO 26262, including our functional safety test solution, which was certified in Q4. During this year, we’ve massively expanded our industry-leading automotive grade IP offering, including a broad portfolio of interface blocks that meet stringent automotive temperature requirements for the 16-nanometer FinFET process. In Q4, we extended a multiyear Automotive Center of Excellence collaboration with NXP, enabling early software development for next-generation electronic systems. We’re also well-recognized in the industry, serving as a leader on the Society of Automotive Engineers’ Cyber Security Task Force focused on driving new standards for software security. In summary, for Synopsys, fiscal 2017 was an excellent year, positioning us well going forward. We achieved outstanding financial results, with revenue strength across the Board. Our EDA and IP products are delivering top-notch results for customers building chips to bring about the Digital Intelligence, Smart Everything age. And we’re making significant progress in scaling our software security platform and market leadership position. Let me now turn the call over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. To echo what Aart said, our strong finish in Q4 capped an outstanding 2017. This year’s success reflects our commitment to deliver solid financial results in the near-term, while simultaneously creating sustainable growth and profitability over the long-term. Over the last three years, we have continued to expand our leadership in EDA and IP, while also broadening our portfolio with our Software Integrity solutions. We are executing very well on our strategy, which is reflected not only in the broad-based strength of our financial results, but also in the expansion of our Software Integrity business group with the announced planned acquisition of Black Duck. Based on our recent performance, the strength of our portfolio and the backlog coverage heading into fiscal ‘18, we are optimistic about our ability to drive sustainable success in the coming years. As I discuss the financial highlights, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. We delivered total revenue of $697 million in Q4 and $2.725 billion for the year, an annual growth rate of 12.5%. Business was strong across all product groups, particularly hardware and IP. In addition to another record year for hardware, our Q4 results included approximately $30 million in revenue from a large hardware shipment that was planned for 2018 but shifted into Q4. Our three-year backlog grew approximately $150 million to $3.7 billion, reflecting very good business growth and the timing of large contract renewals. We again have a large proportion of 2018 revenue, approximately 75% already in hand, providing stability and predictability not often seen in enterprise software companies. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $605 million for the quarter and $2.4 billion for the year. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $566 million for the quarter and $2.1 billion for the year. 2017 expenses increased due primarily to higher costs associated with acquisitions, employee compensation and cost of goods sold for hardware sales. Non-GAAP operating margin increased to 23.8% for the year, even with the modest dilution from our Cigital and Codiscope acquisitions. We posted GAAP earnings for the year of $0.88 per share, including a loss of $0.80 in the quarter, reflecting the one-time impact of our repatriation of offshore cash, which I’ll talk more about in a moment. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.69 for the quarter and $3.42 for the year, an annual growth rate of 13%. As I mentioned earlier, Q4 had the benefit of a hardware-related shift, which was the primary driver of $0.11 overachievement versus expectations. Even excluding this upside, we delivered annual EPS growth of 10%, exceeding our original target. We generated $185 million of operating cash flow in the quarter and $635 million for the year. We significantly exceeded our original 2017 target due to strong collections and business levels throughout the year, as well as $30 million received from ATopTech for litigation damages. During the quarter, we initiated the repatriation of $825 million of offshore cash, taking advantage of our R&D tax credits and resulting in a cash tax rate of approximately 6%. This resulted in a GAAP-only tax expense of $166 million in Q4 and will drive a one-time cash tax payment of approximately $40 million in early 2018. Also affecting 2018 operating cash flow is a $65 million one-time payment to the Hungarian tax authority, in connection with an ongoing tax dispute. While we expect to prevail, we are required to make this payment as a condition for continuing our appeal. We ended the year with cash and cash equivalents of $1 billion, with 53% onshore and total debt of $144 million. In 2017, we used about 70% of our free cash flow for stock buybacks. We repurchased $400 million this year and over the past three years have repurchased close to $1.1 billion of our stock. We have $400 million remaining on our current authorization. Our current plan for 2018 is to use buybacks to keep share count roughly flat. Before providing 2018 guidance, let me briefly comment on the Black Duck acquisition, which is subject to regulatory approval and closing conditions, but we expect will close in December. When closed, we will pay approximately $548 million net of cash. Due to a purchase-accounting deferred revenue haircut of about $25 million to $30 million, Black Duck is expected to contribute roughly $55 million to $60 million revenue in 2018. We expect it to be approximately $0.12 dilutive to 2018 non-GAAP EPS, reach breakeven on a non-GAAP basis by the second half of 2019 and be accretive thereafter. Now to guidance, due primarily to an extra week in fiscal Q1 and the profile of expenses, we expect first half revenue and earnings to be greater than the second half. Q1 targets are, revenue between $740 million and $765 million, which includes approximately $40 million from the extra week, total GAAP costs and expenses between $625 million and $641 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $560 million and $570 million, other income and expense between minus $1 million and $1 million, a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%, outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million, GAAP earnings of $0.62 per share to $0.70 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $0.98 per share to $1.02 per share, including approximately $0.05 from the extra week. For 2018, total revenue of $2.88 billion to $2.91 billion, a growth rate of 6% to 7%. Excluding Black Duck, the total revenue target range is $2.82 billion to $2.855 billion. Other income and expense between minus $6 million and minus $2 million, a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%, outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million, GAAP earnings of $2.24 per share to $2.38 per share or $2.68 per share to $2.80 per share excluding Black Duck, non-GAAP earnings of $3.46 per share to $3.53 per share or $3.58 per share to $3.65 per share excluding Black Duck, capital expenditures of approximately $110 million and cash flow from operations of $500 million to $550 million. As I mentioned earlier, this reflects one-time cash payments totaling approximately $105 million. In summary, we are executing very well on our goal to drive long-term shareholder value. We reported outstanding results across the Board in 2017, while delivering a high level of predictability with $3.7 billion of backlog and scaling our Software Integrity products with the acquisition of Black Duck. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Lisa Ewbank: Reba, are you there?
Operator: Yes, ma’am, I am.
Lisa Ewbank: We are ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I do have on site Mr. Gary Mobley, your line is open. Please go ahead, sir.
Gary Mobley: Hi. Can you hear me okay.
Aart de Geus: Yes. Thank you.
Gary Mobley: Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the strong finish to the year.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Gary Mobley: Trac, can you confirm whether or not the Software Integrity Group finished fiscal year ‘17 with about $170 million? And with the contribution from Black Duck as you outlined in your guidance, can you give us a sense of where Software Integrity will be for fiscal year ‘18? And is there any quantifiable impact to ASC 606 implying your Q1 and fiscal year ‘18 guide?
Trac Pham: So let me start with your first question on SIG. The numbers you described for SIG is pretty consistent with what we had guided at the beginning of year, and yes, we did achieve the goals that we’d outlined at the start of the year. Second part is, we are not calling out the numbers for Software Integrity specifically for next year, but it is consistent with about 20% growth on an ongoing basis. And Black Duck separately from that as we mentioned is in the range of $55 million to $60 million of revenues for 2018. With regards to 606, we will be implementing 606 starting in fiscal ‘19, so there is no -- that is not factored into the ‘18 guidance.
Gary Mobley: Got you. Okay. And Aart, this is somewhat topical just given that we’ve seen or we had the RISC-V gathering – semiannual gathering this past week and so, curious to get your perspective on the impact of this open RISC-V processor IP as it relates to your ARC business and then as well does it drive a wave of, say for example, compiler EDA sales for you looking forward and is it a significant impact on that front as well?
Aart de Geus: Well, RISC-V is sort of in its beginnings, but it is also one processor among many being built right now. This is aimed, I think, at being more a general purpose processor and maybe of high interest to some parties. But many people are focusing right now on the development of AI-specific processors, and so from our perspective as EDA and IP provider, it’s a little bit like the more the merrier, because we can support many people doing designs, and we expect many processes to be optimized specifically for the applications, because the hunger for more speed will be so high that just going to smaller geometries will not be sufficient, and therefore, people will say, “Hey, if I can build processors that are narrower and just aimed at some application and can make them faster,” and we’re seeing really a plethora of companies investing in them.
Gary Mobley: Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Next on the line we have Rich Valera, Needham & Company. Please go ahead, sir.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Aart, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that the business got stronger as the year went on, sounds like kind of maybe each quarter got stronger. I am wondering how much of that you would attribute to just general macro strength, just kind of global economy improving versus some underlying kind of secular trends going on in the -- that are affecting the EDA industry whether it’s new areas as you mentioned all of the sort of smart areas, but do you think there are some things going on that are actually expanding the TAM of the traditional EDA market that are helping the business grow or do you mainly attribute it to just better macro?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think, the answer is yes, yes, yes, because there is no question that the overall global economy has done well, mostly because all regions are reasonably solid and so having those in unison tends to help things. Secondly, there is no question that semiconductor has had a very, very strong year. And in all fairness, this is after a few years of not being particularly strong and so these things tend to go up and down but up feels better than down, no question about that. And then, lastly, and I think that that is actually the factor that will matter most in the long-term is that, this move into this next wave of electronics enabling a very notion that was [indiscernible] in the ‘90s of artificial intelligence and outcomes under a set of other names, big data, machine learning, digital intelligence, I’d like to call it Smart Everything, that will drive a very broad consumption of semiconductors, because the amounts of data generated by IoTs and various forms of sensors are growing by leaps and bounds, and just think of any camera as being really billions of pixels being generated. Secondly, this data needs to be manipulated through machine learning, which is extremely compute in terms, and then the machine learning it in terms gets interpreted in the utilization, let’s say inside of a car for example. And then on top of that, you need to add one more aspect, which is security. And security, there is a very, very big component to that in the software part of our business, but it also will impact hardware as a variety of security modules will get added. So, I think, that semiconductor is at -- really at the heart of enabling a whole new wave of impact and therefore would stay reasonably healthy just on that basis only.
Rich Valera: Great. Thank you for that. And I have a couple of questions on Black Duck, can you say roughly what that was growing and if you think you can perhaps accelerate that growth rate, and also, Trac, I am not sure, if you’re willing to share, how much revenue you expect to lose from the deferred revenue purchase accounting? Thanks.
Aart de Geus: Well, Trac, can comment on some of the financials normally, we don’t give out specific growth rates on the acquisitions. And frankly, our first job is to always make sure that the company really lands well and that we can quickly look at what are the upsides for them with Synopsys or for Synopsys with them, that goes in both directions. Having said that though, I think, what is exciting about Black Duck is that, they are really have grown up and have impact to the whole aspect of software refer to as Open Source. And one of the biggest productivity increases and this is true on chips with IP, I think, it is true on software by virtue of our use of software and Open Source software is, of course, the fact that you can use software for many sources and assemble it quickly. There are quite a number of lurking dangers in that and there is a large catalogue of known vulnerabilities, and when people integrate this Open Source code material and they don’t pay attention to at least the vulnerabilities that already known, I think that’s closely delinquent when thinking about building secured software. And so it’s just a natural for us as an extension of our focus on quality and security of software.
Trac Pham: Rich, the guidance for our revenue for Black Duck is about $55 million to $60 million for 2018 and then deferred haircut is about $25 million to $30 million. As for Aart described the market SIG, we’re expecting -- Software Integrity we’re expecting to grow in the 20% range and Black Duck is being doing very well -- as very well and then there -- the market demand and the secular trends in that space would drive growth similarly in that range.
Rich Valera: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you, gentlemen.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Next on the line we have Farhan Ahmad, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Farhan Ahmad: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. My question is on autos, you talked about the growing opportunity in autos, in particularly as it relates to ISO 26262 and your role in the IP there. So could you just talk about how much is the exposure that you have to the auto market and what is your opportunity in both EDA and IP?
Aart de Geus: It’s actually a quite difficult question, because we touch many, many companies that are in the automotive space and we ourselves find it a bit challenging to know exactly what is in the automotive part and what is in the regularly semiconductor deliveries. Having said that though, the reason I like to highlight automotive is because it is such a poster child for what big changes are happening in an industry that traditionally was very slow in the adoption of any super advanced technology and so many semiconductor technology. I highlighted specifically the fact that we had invested substantially in automotive certified IP in FinFET 16, because three years ago nobody in their right mind would have ever associated the word FinFET in automotive and today all of the big providers in that value chain are focusing on that, because they need more computation inside of the car. And so the investments that we’ve made are not only to provide the tools that are suited for designing and modeling what goes into a car, but as you mentioned that also fulfill the existing standards that initially were all built up really for safety and only now are gradually being evolved towards security and those are words that we can certainly deal with very well. So I think we’re well-equipped to be a good provider in that value chain.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then the second question is on the Software Integrity side. I mean, once you integrate Black Duck, the total Software Integrity portion of the business will be larger than 10%. Do you think at some point you will start giving us disclosures separately for the Software Integrity business?
Trac Pham: Well, that’s a very good question. That’s something we will actively consider as we progress throughout the year. Our focus in the near-term clearly is to increase that business and make sure that we can drive the growth that we’ve got planned for the year. But as we progress, we will look very closely at that amount of disclosure we want to provide balancing between keeping the information, avoiding competitive issues, as well as on the flipside making sure that investors get enough insights on the business to evaluate the opportunity.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And just one last question on the market share, you are growing significantly higher than some of your industry peers this year. Some of the strength obviously throughout the year, you’ve talked about hardware has been a big portion of the growth, but when you look at your throughout the product portfolio on the core EDA and manufacturing, what are some of the areas that you’re gaining market share in this year?
Aart de Geus: Well, I am always careful answering questions like that, because often the claims get out of hand quickly. We have extremely competent competitors like Cadence and Mentor, of course, are the largest ones. In some areas, Cadence has been growing a bit faster in digital design. We have been growing faster in verification. Things ebb and flow and go back and forth. But in aggregate as an industry, we’re quite competitive, because we have to constantly develop technology that’s at the leading edge. And so, I think, I have nothing negative to say about any of the other companies, we are all striving to be a good providers in a market that right now is doing very well and so we’ve had the benefits of making a number of investments over the years that are paying off particularly well right now.
Farhan Ahmad: Thank you. That’s all I had.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: And next on the line we have Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Go ahead, sir.
Jackson Ader: Great. Thank you. Hey, guys. This is Jackson Ader on for Sterling tonight. One question from our side, it looks like the time-based licenses had a pretty significant spike up and you mentioned the -- Trac, the $30 million in revenue from a hardware shipment that was pulled forward into the quarter. Does that explain -- I don’t think that that would necessarily explain all the shifts in time-based licenses, so we’re just trying to triangulate the two?
Trac Pham: Jackson, actually, it doesn’t drive -- the hardware would not drive the time-based products. And keep in mind that we do look at that over time and it could vary from quarter-to-quarter depending on the nature of the contracts. Royalties can also fall into that that as well. So, there is really no issues within the core and that’s not related to hardware at all.
Jackson Ader: Okay. So what was it then that drove the sequential increase?
Trac Pham: Overall, the business was very strong. I mean you look at the growth across the geographies, the crisscross different products, even to the cost the number of top customers we had very solid growth, so there’s any number of things that can drive it. We did end the year on a very strong -- with very strong run rate growth so the business is very healthy.
Jackson Ader: Okay. And then one quick follow-up, the expected 2018 revenue that is expected to come from the backlog dipped down to 75%. Is that mostly because of Black Duck or is there something else we should be reading into?
Trac Pham: No. It’s really a function of hardware, as hardware gets to be a larger part of our business, it changes that mix a little bit. Excluding hardware, we’re running generally in the same percentage as we have historically. So there’s no -- there’s been no change to the business model with that regard.
Jackson Ader: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: And next on the line we have Jay Vleeschhouwer, Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Aart, with respect to the strengthening of the business over the course of the year, would you say that that was correlated more or less in real time to the positive inflection that we’ve been seeing for the last three quarters or four quarters in semiconductor R&D spending, that’s your principal source of revenue and it’s clearly been trending higher for the industry over the last number of quarters and perhaps that’s what you saw over the course of the year in real-time in terms of unscheduled business for software or IP as you -- or as you pointed out accelerated hardware or might there still be a lagging effect from semi-R&D that we have begin to see now more in 2018?
Aart de Geus: Well, a little bit everything you said is true, meaning that, there’s no question that when your customers do really well, they are a little less hesitant in spending money and semiconductors have been doing extremely well and I expected right now to continue for a bit. At the same time, the -- our solution in the verification space, the overall verification platform, which includes the emulation and the FPGA prototyping boards has done very, very well. And this is not completely a surprise, but somewhat difficult to predict in timing, because it follows what we have said, which is the center of gravity between hardware and software is going to increase in importance. With more complex software, people want to run the software before they have the hardware and therefore they model the hardware and that’s the basis that we’re in. The third aspect I would mention is that, our IP business has been very strong and that is definitely partially the result of continued investment in the most advanced nodes, which is difficult IP to do. And as you probably know the advanced nodes keep rolling out at a rapid pace, because the providers are very competitive with each other. And last but not least, the Software Integrity platform, so far I think is living up to our open expectations to be good pillar for the company that is on one hand completely adjacent to what we already do both in terms of technology and complexity and in many cases in embedded situations. On the other hand, it’s clearly a fresh TAM for us as we were talking to customers that in the past we would never have dreamed of interacting with. Jokingly, I sometimes say, we now have customers from Samsung to Starbucks, in fact is it’s actually true and so that is a very big opportunity space.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: When you think about the Black Duck acquisition, can you talk about how you are thinking about integrating it in terms of technology with the other parts of the SIG portfolio and/or perhaps your thoughts on integrating the software integrity portfolio in any case with let’s say your hardware-based prototyping to expand your overall concept of verification, system verification and so forth?
Aart de Geus: This makes for a very long discussion, because we have -- we are now very, very rich in technologies in this domain. And this is a domain that has been extremely fractured in the past, and we’re already starting to get I would say very strong positive feedback from the number of CIOs or people that are responsible for the security of software that being able to interact with a company that has longevity and some mass, gives them a better feeling of security that we’re going to be around. That’s just another way of saying, there is a lot of work ahead and we are continually integrating capabilities. But it is after we really understand them well and so an integration is really a two-year to three-year process at many different levels. Having said that, Black Duck resonates very well with many of our customers and they understand immediately that doing some automatic checks on software that comes in from variety of not always understood sources is a good defense mechanism that they need and so, I think, that we will be well-equipped together with them to drive this area forward.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: All right. Lastly, for Trac, with respect to the $30 million of accelerated hardware revenue into Q4, could you comment on the relative contribution from either ZeBu or HAPS in there, I mean, was it more one than the other. And then, similarly, it looks like you also had some quite good upside in the IP business, was that more from services than IP product?
Trac Pham: Okay. So let’s start with the first one which is easy. We won’t give more detail on the hardware. We’ll leave it at hardware for now. But we continue -- for the year we actually did very well on both HAPS and emulation. So, as I said, it was very broadly -- the business was broadly strong. As far IP, it was with a combination of services and products.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Right. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Next on the line we have Monika Garg with KeyBanc Pacific Crest. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First question is, if I take out the $40 million revenue of extra week and $55 million from Black Duck, it seems you are guiding to organic growth without those two components to about like 3% to 4%, in spite of the fact that you just talked 20% growth at your software security business. So, why such a low growth if I take out these extra two stuff in -- from 2018 guidance?
Trac Pham: Well, actually -- we actually did the full normalization taking into account the fact that we had $30 million that was planned for ‘18, that shifted to Q4. We do the math that you just did on Black Duck -- and Black Duck. We’ve got mid single-digit growth on revenues and we are actually growing earnings per share on a high single-digit basis. So I think as we continue to describe we’re really running this business over a multiyear period. And in this particular quarter, you’re getting a very high sense of that, because in one month you’re seeing a very significant shift in revenues. And so, it’s best to look at our business on a multiyear basis and if you go back and look at the charts for revenue growth and earnings growth, we’ve done a pretty good job executing against that.
Monika Garg: All right. So if I look at the M&A on the software security side last three years, four years you have done, you’ve spent almost $1.2 billion. Could you walk through how you look at the ROI from these investments, what are the free cash flow metrics you’re looking to generate over the next three years, four years? Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Well, for starters, we always start to look at this via a multiyear perspective, because acquisitions like that, they take some time to integrate, they have haircuts, they have a number of complexities on the financial side that that need to be understood on a longer term perspective. We have actually a fairly well-honed process of trying to understand the value of the acquisition based on the cash flow that comes out of it over many years. We don’t disclose the exact metrics, but we have a fairly good discipline for that. We review this for many years after the acquisition with our Board, always with some up and some down surprises, which is another word of saying, it’s always difficult to exactly predict. But in aggregate, it has been part of how we continue to create value for the company and in that context Black Duck is not an exception. Our own sense is that this is a particularly valuable acquisition, because of the strategic position it fills technically in the portfolio, but also because of the very acute value it can create by reducing the risk profile for customers. So, that is the process that we follow. Nothing is perfect and I am sure we can always do better, but we do have a long-term experience that has worked out pretty well for us.
Monika Garg: All right. Just last one on the software security side again, most of the customers are software security are still in financials industry software, so maybe talk more about your sales strategy especially given the Black Duck acquisitions. Would you need to ramp sales and marketing more or would you look to develop channel for this segment?
Aart de Geus: Well, this is an excellent question, because there are so many opportunities and your commentary is partially correct in that when we did the Cigital acquisition. Cigital was particularly focused on the financial sector. At the same time, my mentioning earlier of the automotive sector was interesting, because those people are just as interested in the issues of security and software as anything else. The other areas that are also highly paranoid about what can happen medical is a good example and you’ve seen some really horrific acts happening there. And so, I think, over time, no area, no verdict vertical is immune to the damages that can be done by essentially leaving the software doors wide open for hackers. And so this is going to become more and more a must do everywhere. But clearly, the sectors that are most sensitive also the ones that have been most attacked. And the financial sector, it quickly goes to the bottomline, because the attack means trying to steal money and that brings a very rapid reaction. So we are prudent in investing in verticals, because each vertical requires skills, it requires understanding the vocabularies and it requires understanding who to interact with. But I think our opportunity space will continue to grow and with is this part of our company broadening, we will put some more effort in understanding what are the best channels to do that, but so far I think we’ve been executing reasonably well.
Monika Garg: Thank you so much.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And here comes our next question from the line of Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves: I just had two, one for Aart and one for Trac. So, sorry, I will start with Aart, from a high level perspective, I believe the Black Duck have talked publicly about kind of $5.6 billion TAM and you guys have talked about a $2.4 or so billion TAM in the original acquisition. So can you give us a broad update on that? And then, secondly, is this kind of the last transaction you need to get all the four capabilities in the top side of the business?
Aart de Geus: Well, let me go backwards. We continue, of course, to always look at opportunities, at the same time, it’s also important to make sure that we executed well on the integration of the acquisitions that we’ve done so far. And while we have a number of teams that are extremely skilled at this, every case is different and so they take some time. And what is also interesting is that as we bring new members to our team, they bring fresh perspective, I like to call it fresh DNA that allows us to shop and how we think about the field. To be honest on your TAM question, I sort of read the same reports that most people do and I am equally skeptical if the number reflects any reality, because when you have a very rapidly developing market where there are many, many different, very fractured companies, that typically indicates that there’s a high need and that the need is still not satisfied or still in development and those are actually all positive words, because that’s just coming opportunity, but it also says that adding up whatever these companies have been able to do and then extrapolating this mostly spreadsheet effort. And I don’t want to be negative when people are trying to forecast it, because it is important, of course, but from our perspective, right now, the size of the TAM is the least of our issues. I think we have open space to run with and our challenge is how quickly can we execute on this, not are there more customers to call on, there are many more.
Mitch Steves: Got it. And it’s actually for, Trac, the financial question so, a small one is the Coverity and Cigital piece combined still tracking to kind of that combined business excluding Black Duck being profit on the back half? And then, secondly, is there any sort of way to track the health of the business besides kind of the quarterly update calls we get from you guys?
Trac Pham: Yes. The numbers for that we had discussed for the Software Integrity business was tracking to both revenue and profitability for this year. And then as far as the getting more update on the Software Integrity business and progress there, I think, we’ll start with the quarterly calls, that’s a good start and then throughout this year, as I said earlier, we’ll evaluate how best to provide more insights to the analysts, as well as our investors on that business.
Mitch Steves: Got it. Thank you. Great quarter.
Trac Pham: Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Operator: There are no additional questions in queue. Please go ahead.
Aart de Geus: So at this point in time, first a big thank you for having reported on us and supporting us during the year. Fiscal ‘17 turned out to be a very good year, not only from results point of view, but to most importantly from the perspective of preparing us for the next few years. And by now it already feels a little old and so we are fully proceeding on like on 2018 and hope to talk to you soon. As usual, we’ll be available for individual calls in a few minutes. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-08-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - Vice President, Investor Relations Aart de Geus - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Gary Mobley - The Benchmark Company Rich Valera - Needham & Company Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Ernie, and good afternoon. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’d like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today’s earnings press release. We will also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, earnings press release, and financial supplement that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation, are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I’m happy to announce that Synopsys completed another outstanding quarter. Last October, we entered fiscal 2017 with expectations for solid revenue, earnings, and cash flow. As a result of excellent execution and robust customer demand, we’re on track to substantially exceed those expectations for the year. For Q3, we posted revenue of $695 million, with good growth across all product groups, most notably hardware and IP. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.92, and we generated $280 million in operating cash flow. We completed our thirdmerchandise share buyback of 2017 for a total of $300 million so far this year. Lastly, we’re raising our revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance for the year. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. As we look at the dynamics of the three customer groups we serve; semiconductors, systems companies, and software developers, I would characterize the environment as exciting, visionary, and intensely competitive. The age of smart everything, some call it, digital intelligence is here. Following the decades driven by computation and mobility, we viewed Smart Everything as the third major wave of electronics impact. In verticals, such as automotive, medical devices, virtual reality, and industrial applications, big data and machine learning are quickly becoming familiar terms and early results are promising. This is good news for the semi-industry, as these techniques require more and more compute power, cloud storage, and networking infrastructure to support massive data, complex software, and to add one more challenge, the imperative of security. Synopsys is uniquely placed at this vital intersection of hardware and software. Through our IP and design platform, we enable faster, lower power, and denser silicon chips. Through our verification and software integrity offerings, we make possible the verification of hardware/software systems and the optimization of software for security and quality. From a business perspective, we’ve successfully grown and broadened Synopsys by building the leading position in EDA, a highly successful IP business group and by branching out into the larger adjacent TAM of software security and quality. In this context, let me provide some highlights for the quarter. Companies continue to prioritize aggressive adoption of advanced silicon, while relying heavily on Synopsys. The evolution and use of FinFET technology continues to progress rapidly, with total designs reaching well over 500. From 16, 14, 12, 10, down to 7-nanometer, Synopsys is involved in 95% of designs through our design platform. For designs below 20-nanometer, our VCS verification is the primary simulator used in nearly 90% of chips, and we’re very pleased with the growth of our emulation of prototyping solutions. In IP, we continued to deliver the largest catalog of IP titles now rapidly becoming available down to 7-nanometer through close collaboration with the leading silicon providers. Enabling the astounding next-generation of 5, 3, and 2-nanometer technology nodes, our TCAD lets our customer partners create upfront process and transistor modeling, while giving us early access insights towards readying our design tools for new nodesmerchandise . In this rapidly advancing and highly competitive semiconductor market, our design platform drove solid business in Q3. From synthesis to place and route to signoff to physical verification, we’re engaged in the world’s most critical designs. In Q3, we announced qualification for Samsung’s 8- and 7-nanometer LPP, low power processes, as well as Global Foundries 7-nanometer FinFET node. At the Design Automation Conference, HiSiliconmerchandise , Renesas, Samsung, and Qualcomm presented details of their successes on very demanding digital circuits ranging from 14 to 7 nanometer. In custom design, ST, TDK-Micronas, and Panasonic highlighted the significant benefits they’ve realized with custom compiler, while TSMC showcased their certification collaboration with us around their 7-nanometer technology. Some comments now on verification, where we again delivered excellent growth. Our verification continuum platform, essentially the fusion of best-in-class software and hardware products into an integrated differentiated solution is ideally placed at the intersection of semiconductors and systems customers. Semiconductor customers want to verify that their chips implement the functionality dictated by the systems house’s software requirements. Meanwhile, the systems companies want to debug and optimize their software to run on the most advanced chips being designed by their semiconductor suppliers. These companies share common pressure points and time-to-market demands and growing complexity. Synopsys’ verification solution provides the bridge between the two. Over the past three quarters, technical advances have delivered substantial growth in formal verification, verification IP, and our newest VCS generation, which is rapidly proliferating its new fine-grained parallel simulation. Hardware verification product had a record Q3 and are delivering another excellent year. For example, in emulation, ZeBu was selected by Konica Minolta as their standard hardware platform for verification and early software bring up of their multifunction printer designs. In FPGA prototyping, MediaTek standardized on our HAPS-80 for their next-generation SoCs motivated by its scalability and performance. Moving to IP where we continue to generate strong results including excellent growth in the quarter. In Q3, we further expanded our market-leading interface portfolio by introducing complete solutions for the CCIX and HBM2merchandise standards. In addition, our IP continues its rapid adoption into the most advanced process technologies, including 7- and 10-nanometer processes. We see strong demand for our embedded vision processor and announced a new generation that quadruples the performance of our Neural Network Engine. Interest is coming from ADAS, video surveillance, and general AI applications. We also continued to expand our IP ecosystem with the partnership with Morpho to optimize their machine-learning scene recognition technology for our embedded vision processor. Now to software integrity, where we focus on security and quality testing tools, as well as services for software developers in many industries. While our traditional system customers are a prime growth opportunity for us, given increasing embedded software complexity and an acute need for security, the number of companies who develop and rely on software as a critical component of their business is much larger than an EDA and IP. The compounding challenges of exponentially increasing software complexity and the growing risks and cost of defects associated with data safety, security, and privacy affect companies across the Board. This need is clearly visible in verticals such as medical devices, financial institutions, automotive, aerospace, and industrials. At Synopsys, we’re focused on the software development process and are making excellent progress. In Q3, we announced key updates to our software integrity platform included expanded language and industry standards coverage. We’re pleased with the Q1 acquisition of Cigital, which adds high-value security consulting, enabling earlier, more strategic discussions at the CIO and CSO levels of our customers. The recognition of Synopsys in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant combined with Cigital’s consulting practice is generating new interest, new business and growing brand recognition. At the popular Black Hat Security Industry Conference in July, which drew more than 15,000 attendees, the number of enquires by current and potential customers quadruples over last year to more than 2,000. From a financial perspective, we’re also executing well. And while still in the early stages of scaling this part of the business, we’ve reached critical math and are enthusiastic about its potential. Earlier I mentioned, the opportunities in the vertical spaces for software security and quality. Many companies are impacted by security worries, while simultaneously raising towards the promise of Smart Everything. Automotive is a prime high visibility example of this. And is a vertical market that touches almost everything that Synopsys does, ranging from TCABs to optical, to FinFET design to IP, to verification to hardware/software prototyping, all the way to code security and quality. Automotive stands out because of its sophisticated supply chain from OEMs to Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers, but also because of its complex standards and in guaranteeing safety. Our influence in business here is evolving in many ways, including increasing verification growth at leading car companies; new capabilities in our simulation tools for reliability of automotive chips; competitive wins at automotive lighting software; a growing number of businesses wins for our 16 and 7-nanometer IP, that is qualified for the most stringent automotive safety and reliability standards, all the way to active leadership with the Society of Automotive Engineers cybersecurity task force focused on setting new standards for software security. In summary, we delivered another excellent quarter and are raising revenue and non-GAAP earnings guidance for the year. Our strategy increasingly demonstrates the value of our rationale, the investments we’ve made over the years are paying off. Near-term, our strong products and customer relationships in EDA and IP are leading to very good revenue and EPS growth. Longer-term, our expansion into the new software security and quality TAM is showing great promise. Let me now turn the call over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. For the first three quarters of 2017, we’ve executed very well across the Board, driving strong financial performance and reinforcing the confidence we have in our future. in Q3, we delivered double-digit revenue and non-GAAP earnings growth and generated significant operating cash flow. In addition, we repurchased $100 million of stock and continue to invest strategically to drive long-term growth and profitability. As we enter the final quarter of the year, we re confident in our outlook and are raising revenue and non-GAAP earnings guidance. As I talk to you specific results and targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless in specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 13% to $695 million, driven by solid performance across all product groups, led by hardware and IP. About 90% of revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog and one customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue. Largely because of record hardware sales, upfront revenue was greater than 10% of the total. Investors should expect continued variability in revenue due to the growth of our hardware products and their upfront revenue recognition. Excluding hardware, our revenue model remains at approximately 90% timebase. The weighted average license duration was approximately 2.5 years and we expect the 2017 average to be somewhat less than three years. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $590 million and total non-GAAP cost and expenses were $521 million, within our target range. Non-GAAP operating margin was 25% for the quarter. For the year, we expect solid organic margin expansion over 2016, moderated by the impact of the Cigital and Codiscope acquisitions. GAAP earnings per share were $0.75 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.92. We generated $280 million of operating cash flow, driven by strong collections in business levels. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments for the $1.3 billion and total debt of $436 million. We have repurchased $300 million of stock so far this year and have $500 million remaining on our current authorization. Now to the fourth quarter and fiscal 2017 guidance. As we indicated in May, due primarily to the timing of hardware revenue and seasonally higher expenses, we expect Q4 to be the lightest quarter of the year. Q4 targets are, revenue between $642 million and $657 million, total GAAP costs and expenses between $586 million and $602 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $535 million and $545 million, other income between negative $1 million, our non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%, outstanding shares between 153 million and $156 million, GAAP earnings of $0.26 to $0.33 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $0.55 to $0.58 per share. For 2017, we are raising our revenue target range to $2.67 billion to $2.685 billion, a growth rate of 10% to 11%, other Income between $4 million and $6 million, our non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%, outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million, GAAP earnings of $1.92 to $1.99 per share. We’re also raising the midpoint of our non-GAAP earnings target range by $0.03 to $3.29 to $3.32 per share, a growth rate of 9% to 10%, capital expenditures of approximately $90 million, and cash flow from operations of $580 million to $600 million. Finally, we are still preparing our 2018 budget and would suggest it’s premature to change your 2018 estimates until we provide detailed guidance in late November. Having said that, we believe the current 2018 consensus non-GAAP EPS estimates look reasonable. This is consistent with our long-term objective of driving high single-digit non-GAAP EPS growth. In summary, we’re executing very well on our goal to maximize long-term shareholder value. We substantially increased our 2017 targets compared to initial expectations, reflecting good growth across the board with particular strength in hardware. We continue to prudently invest in our next wave of growth, software integrity, while simultaneously driving ongoing EDA and IP growth and profitability. And lastly, in the first three quarters of the fiscal year, we have returned $300 million of capital to shareholders through our stock buyback program. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Gary Mobley with Benchmark Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question, the question about the software integrity group. Can you give us some color on where the revenue stands? I know, you’ve been talking about how it’s been about 5% of the total revenue mix, and I’m sure that’s plus or minus 100 basis points or so, but could you give us a sense of where we’re at on a run rate, excuse me, for the full-year?
Trac Pham: Hi, Gary, this is Trac. We’re pretty pleased with how we’re dealing with the Software Integrity business this year. Let me remind you some of the commentary merchandise we provided at the beginning of the year. Last year, we ended the year for software integrity at about $100 million, and our goal was to get that business to break-even this year and grow at about 20%. When we completed the Cigital and Codiscope acquisitions, we mentioned that it was roughly half of that – the exiting software integrity business. And today, when we look at the results, we’re certainly tracking to the plans that we have laid out, and profitability is trending pretty much to plan, and then as we look forward on these – the Cigital and Codiscope acquisitions, our goal is to get that to break-even probably in the second-half of next year.
Gary Mobley: Thanks, about a $170 million in revenue this year, or at least annualized?
Trac Pham: In that range, yes.
Gary Mobley: Gotcha. Okay. I did notice your merchandise U.S.-based cash is at a record low in terms of the percentage of the overall cash, and just wondering if that presents a problem with respect to your capital allocation plans?
Aart de Geus: No, I certainly don’t feel that waymerchandise . For the quarter, we did end with a cash balance that’s lower than it’s been over the last few quarters. But cash flow continues to be very healthy in general as we mentioned in the Q3 results. And our forecast for the year still shows very healthy cash flows. From a cash – from a debt perspective, we have about $280 million outstanding on the line of credit with a capacity to go to $650 million, so we feel like we’ve got a lot of flexibility in terms of managing our capital allocation similar to prior quarters. I think, just to reiterate, the way that we used our U.S. cash this quarter was a combination of the buybacks, which typically comes out of U.S. cash, and then the geo mixmerchandise was a little bit different than it was in prior quarters.
Gary Mobley: Last question, if memory serves me correct, do you – you haven’t really done a whole lot of M&A in the last couple of quarters, and I’m just wondering if that’s reflective of potential merchandise targets expecting too much, or if it’s anything indicative of how you want to use your cash?
Trac Pham: Well, remember, that in in Q1, we acquired Cigital. And so that was a very important acquisition. And if you were to look at our history over many years or how should I say, many decades, you would see that that there is quite a degree of randomness when things get acquired in close for the very simple reason that, while we may have very solid strategic plans on what we do, we have a very little control for when things become available or for sale and even the closing process has many imponderables. Having said that, so we have not changed our fundamental strategy, which is we invest strongly in our own R&D, because that is a very good way to continue innovation and typically provides very good return on investment. And at the same time, we don’t hesitate to bring in forces from outside, be it for technology reasons or for market position regions. And in the case of the sync business, we have been quite successful so far. And I dare to say, it’s probably not over yet.
Gary Mobley: Okay. I appreciate the comments. Thanks, everyone.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next go to the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Aart, it’s kind of a big picture question for you. There’s been a lot of discussion about the potential incremental spending by systems and particularly Web 2.0 companies that are developing their own hardware that these companies that didn’t exist, say, 10, 15 years ago. But then, you also have companies like Apple that have kind of taken a lot of semiconductor design inside, so they’re designing a lot more, but at the same time they’ve kind of depleted their supply chain. But I just want to get your sense of how incremental you see the new system companies, particularly Web 2.0 companies to the overall EDA spending pie, if you will?
Aart de Geus: Well, for starters merchandise , I think, they’re very interesting, because of course, that is the center of gravity of where the action is in turning electronics into the next wave of massive impact on the world. Now, these are the companies that do two things at the same time. They have algorithms that are really quite revolutionarily new and practical in the AI space, and then at the same time they continually explore would there be benefits to have hardware that is more specialized, dedicated, or optimize for exactly that. I think the jury is very much out in terms of how many of those companies and which ones would go how far? Again, I know I gave you a lot of questions here, how far into doing their own design, but what is absolutely clear is that, in many situations, they do just the top-end of design, as it is relevant to verify that their software will be able to run very well on it. And of course, we are privileged to be very often in the middle of that story via the very rapid, the prototyping and emulation. But we’re also increasingly in that story by virtue of being close to everything that needs to now be secured. And so we have a lot of interactions with companies that in the past we either had only marginal interaction with, but now are really the drivers for the future. Now some of these people also rely on semiconductor companies to be their partner. And so then we get to see a little bit more of the value chain, I mentioned, automotive as a good example of that.
Rich Valera: Got it. And I guess, relatedly, you’ve had a pretty fantastic run in hardware. And it sounds like it’s sort of dual PROM there on both the emulation and the FPGA prototyping side. And I know you early to those to make predictions here. But so I just want to get a sense of how you view that business on maybe sort of a medium-term basis in terms of the growth outlook? And would you distinguish between emulation and the FPGA prototyping in terms of potential growth rates, if you give any color on that? Thanks.
Aart de Geus: Well, the way to respond is, it is not – it’s not a dual PROM, it’s more a triple or quadruple, because when you look at the verification platform,. other techniques such as the software simulation, the debugging and static techniques, they all play together with emulation and the FPGA. And that platform is becoming more and more solid. And that’s relevant, because even if you have super fast emulation, if you find an issue and you cannot track down what it is, your debugging becomes the bottleneck of success. Having said that, there’s a reason why we have been cautioning you about drawing a straight line on the whole hardware side of our business, because it’s very lumpy. It comes in fairly large increments and those increments are not always predictable. Even if in the long-term, we’re actually a strong believer that that there’s continued good growth in that area. And we certainly continue to invest well in that and the technologies are very promising. Lastly, yes, you mentioned, yes, we don’t really make that much of a difference between the FPGA boards and the emulator. They’re really two sides of the same spectrum, which is essentially used hardware to massively accelerate some software function and both are doing quite well.
Rich Valera: Fair enough. And one final one for me, I think, this is for Trac. Trac, when you talked about your model this time, you basically said, you see it as 90% ratable going forward, excluding hardware. And I’m not sure, I think, that’s the first time you’ve used that language, excluding hardware, obviously, hardware is a part of the mix for quite awhile here. Is that new language? And do we think this is, because hardware is likely to be a bigger percentage of the mix on an ongoing basis than it has been historically?
Aart de Geus: Hi, Rich, it really wasn’t meant to be a deliberate change in the messaging. We just want to highlight that it was an extremely strong quarter. The results are really solid, which was driven largely by hardware much like the year has been. And we just want to highlight that if there’s any concerns about the rest of the business have we changed the business model and the rest of the business we haven’t. I think, we said that early in the year as well, so it’s a pretty consistent message.
Rich Valera: Got it. Okay, thanks very much, gentlemen.
Aart de Geus:
.:
Operator: Thank you. Next we’ll go to the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. I’d like to follow-up on Rich’s questions on the system customers. So do you think that the growth over the last few years was stronger, greater than you expect the growth to be over the next few years. I mean, we kind of gone past the peak growth of that new market?
Aart de Geus: No, I think for that part of the markets the changes are all ahead of us in terms of the impact on literally, virtually every products in the world. We coined the term Smart Everything, because that’s really what we mean. Meaning that, there are so many areas from services to hard products to infrastructure and so on that all will benefit from this emerging wave of artificial intelligence very much rooted in the combination of big data and machine learning. And I think we’re just touching the tip of the iceberg in terms of its impact. Now that doesn’t mean that instantaneously every system company in the world is going to say, well, I’m going to become a chip design and not at all. But it does mean that that there’s a whole new wave of demand for semiconductor. And I would say, in general, electronics technology to accelerate the very algorithms that finally are starting to yield some interesting and positive results. And we’ve seen this in the past. Once computation became interesting for a broader set of people, immediately everybody became hungry for much more and faster computation, the same is going to happen here. What is slightly different maybe then the wave of computation where computation was fairly segregated from software, meaning, the software people just were designing on a very general platform. I think this time around the platform is going to be adapted much more to the software. And that’s why these intersections between system houses, semiconductors and ourselves are very interesting. And we purposely try to position the company at this intersection of hardware/software, because we see a big long-term opportunities there.
Tom Diffely: Okay. So it sounds like that the way you expect the market to rollout over the next several years is a lot more, but perhaps smaller system customers that are more additive versus cannibalizing the semi guys?
Aart de Geus:
. : And a good example that’s so visible to many is the automotive industry, where people that have nothing to do with much of the sophisticated intersection of hardware/software are now deeply involved in changing their fields by using partners to get there. So I’m not worried that semiconductors are going to be jeopardized. Now they are ingredients, and of course, they will have to negotiate hard for pricing as they always have, because the raise is on again.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And when you see a higher number of smaller customers are meant in the business going forward, does that change the operating model at all as far as, especially the SG&A and R&D line?
Aart de Geus: Well, the reason for the higher number of smaller customers comes actually from a different angle, which is, as we entered the software quality and security space, as we’ve said in very broad terms fundamentally any company that significantly relies on software has challenges from a complexity and security point of view. And therefore, we’ll start to look for solutions. Now some of those companies are not very large. And very often, the early engagements with these companies are on the basis of rather small purchase orders. And that that brings interesting challenge for Synopsys, because we have the opposite in the areas, where we have grown our business for many decades. And so, we are walking this balance of working with large companies and gradually increasing the purchase orders, while trying to keep the door as effectively open to anybody who wants to talk to us about these problems, because they may well turn out to be large customers in just a few years. But that brings with it a significant increase in the number of logos of companies many of which I’ve never heard the name of some interesting perspective.
Trac Pham: Hey, Tom, this is Trac, let me just add to that. From a business model, our operating model perspective, the software integrity business definitely does open up a much broader customer set to us. And they have a different buying pattern, certainly a different scale than we’re accustomed to. And as we think about scaling not only the software integrity business, but Synopsys to grow profitability – profitably, we’re very conscious of making sure that the infrastructure that we build around that business both from a system, from a process perspective and how we deal with that is affected to scale the environment where we’re dealing with many more customers at a lower price point. So we’re conscious of that as we build our long-term model.
Operator: We’ll next go to the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. A couple of them, Aart, number one, on the IP business you said it’s still pretty strong. Is there a way you can quantify either what do you think the growth rate for your IP business or for the industry is today?
Aart de Geus: Well, we have stated for our business that it’s in the low double digits, and it’s doing very well in that regard. And it’s also doing very well, because we see many customers that continue to commit more of their needs to us. And that bodes well, because it takes a long time to build a good trust with customers, because there’s a very little tolerance for IP errors, as you would imagine. And so, simultaneously, the IP blocks themselves are subject to continuous evolution, not only do the standards evolve. So, yes, the version one, version two, version three of standards, these are just numbers. But number three is a lot more complex than number two, which is a lot more complex than number one. And then simultaneously, and in parallel to that, they also constantly migrate to the next silicon technology. So that’s a compounding effect of complexity. And so against that backdrop, we continue to broaden our portfolio, both with the existing type tools into the next version, but also with new standards and with support of the most advanced technology nodes. So all of this bodes well for a continual strong business. And yes, we feel that we’re actually in a very good position and we complement extremely well the leader in the industry, which would be ARM around its core offering. So we’re, I think, in a very solid position.
Krish Sankar: Got it, that’s very helpful. And then on the hardware side actually specifically on emulation, are you guys, I mean, familiar with the term like, are you guys competing with Cadence and Mentor on the traditional emulation? Are you really gaining more traction on the software wrapping side?
Aart de Geus: Well, in this space, everybody is competing a little bit on everything, but it is also certainly true that we all have our respective strengths. And I think, it is a very, promising part of the industry. And as far as I can tell everybody, it’s doing reasonably well. Having said that, there is no question that we have selected what we think is the sweet spot, which is this intersection of hardware/software. And most importantly, the ability to help software people bring up their software on the hardware that doesn’t exist, so to speak, by using emulation or FPGA-based prototyping as a way to model that very hardware. And it is only in fairly recent years that the technology capabilities and emulation and prototyping became sufficiently fast to do that in a meaningful way. And the fact that, we can bring up, for example, a complete Android operating system on one of the most advanced apps processors on an emulator in less than half an hour, gives you a sense that, hey, if you can do that, you can run some other software too. And that is why, I think, that door has been opened and now people are moving towards use – using it more and more. And so from that perspective, certainly our specialty would be that and I think we’re well-positioned.
Krish Sankar: Got it. And then I just like two final questions for Trac. One is, can you say how much is auto as a percentage of total sales for you guys?
Trac Pham: We haven’t talked about that specifically Krish, but it’s certainly increasing over time, and it’s across all of our product groups.
Aart de Geus: Hey, if I may add something, one of the reasons we are a little cautious with those numbers is, because it’s actually difficult to define. And the reason is that a number of the very big automotive-related suppliers related to our field are of course the semiconductor folks that are partially specialized. And those companies variably do many other things as well. And then it is also spread in the other parts of our business. So we increasingly do IP for automotive. And when I say IP for automotive, we really mean something different than the regular IP, because automotive is, at a minimum the two very challenging set of standards. One is everything that has to be certified for safety, and we really mean, the safety of the part in the context of utilization. The other thing is the automotive temperature ranges and voltage ranges can be very different. And so these are additional challenges and the very fact that that we manage those and that we have a rapidly growing automotive IP portfolio is a good sign, because it takes a long time to invest in those and make it work.
Krish Sankar: Okay. And then just a last question for Trac. Your op margin has been in the 22% to 24% range for awhile. And I understand hardware could we deal it on the gross margin level? This, if you want to look forward and where the margins could expand to, would the best opportunity come from being more efficient on the R&D side or more on the SG&A side?
Trac Pham: So let me step back and say that we are still committed to grow operating margins in mid-20s. When you look at our results and you peel back the results for 2017, we’re actually growing margins in a very healthy way from 2016/2017 when you exclude the dilution from this Cigital and Codiscope acquisitions. Looking forward, as we try to determine where we can actually spend margins, I think, it’s going to come across a whole variety of things at the highest level, how do we manage the business from the existing EDA IP business versus scaling up the software integrity business. And then you raise specifically from a function perspective do we see opportunities in both in R&D versus SG&A, I think, it’s going to come through a combination of both of those areas. But I would just continue to reiterate that on the EDA side, it’s a very technical, very complex space there. I think long-term, while we try to drive margins, we’ll likely keep the R&D spend as a percentage of revenue in that 30% range. And if you look at the results for this year, it’s close to a 30% than it’s been north of that over the last couple of years.
Operator: Thank you. Next go to the line of Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Farhan Ahmad: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Trac, my first question for you is just in terms of how you go from about $0.56, $0.57 in EPS in October quarter to more like a $0.90 per quarter EPS trade over the next year, which is kind of the expectation the Street has for fiscal 2018. And what’s causing so much variability in the hardware or the overall business now that you can go from pretty much the best quarter that you’ve had to the worst quarter in terms of the earnings that you have had over the last four years?
Trac Pham: Yes, that’s pretty a straightforward answer. It’s hardware both on the emulation and HAP side. As you described, it’s been a very strong hardware revenue year. Year-to-date, we had increasingly strong growth in hardware. And the profile of it is just that’s the profile for Q4, it’s going down quarter-to-quarter based on what the customer deliverables are. And I would just reiterate that typically we do manage this business on an annual basis over the long-term. And so quarter-to-quarter things would change in the past, because of IP and now increasingly as we are more successful with hardware and it becomes a bigger part of our business. You’ll see more variability. We’re not particularly concerned about Q4, and so, because that’s a profile of the revenue that we see. And we feel comfortable enough with the overall business that we can, at least, guide FY 2018 to where the consensus numbers are right now. And just to remind you that as we – as you look at 2017 numbers and the guidance for 2017, we actually have taken up the revenue guidance for the full-year again.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. So just in terms of hardware, because the variable historically the market share in hardware has tended to move around quite a bit between the different suppliers. I’m just trying to understand like what gives you the confidence that hardware portion comes back or remain strong in the next year?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think the term has remained strong, because as Trac said, we’re managing everything on the yearly basis. The fluctuations in the quarter is a phenomenon that we signaled to you, at least, four or five quarters ago, saying, hey, this is going to increase, because that’s just the nature of that business. What we also are very clearly signaling to you is that, the problem of being able to run software before you have the chips is growing in importance, that is great news for us. We’re in the right place with these technologies. And of course, we have to stay competitive and we have to continue to invest in the next generations and all of those things, but that’s nothing new for Synopsys. So, yes, we live for 30 years of the edge of driving Moore’s Law from our side. We will continue to exhibit the behaviors that hopefully accomplished that’s going forward. I think the fact is that with the noisiness of the hardware on the P&L from quarter-to-quarter, the way we look at it is on a yearly basis, or a trailing 12-month type basis. And all the indicators we have right now is that, we’re in a very solid position, never say that you all won’t make mistakes. But right now, if anything you should take a fairly positive note away from this earnings release.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And just in terms of your headcount, it has gone up somewhat this quarter. Can you talk about some of the areas that you’re investing more now?
Aart de Geus: Sure. And obviously, we are careful of how we invest and in this that too comes a little bit in waves as a function of how we manage the year. And typically, all of our views are careful before they invest, before they get budget for the year. But having said that, we continue to invest in the areas, where we see great opportunity. And we have actually, I think, a reasonably well disciplined internal process, where we watch the profitability of each of the businesses and the ones that that are much below the average of the company have a clear instructions on how to gradually move up. But we also have sometimes clear instructions to invest, because we think that there is an opportunity to grow in SIG. The software integrity group is definitely in that category, and that too can come in lumps by virtue of acquisitions. And so, I think, we’re pretty much investing in every area of the company at this point in time. So and the software part would certainly be a prime example of that.
Trac Pham: Hey, Farhan, this is Trac, let me add to that kind of it. I think for a fact, we are growing and profitable across the business line. Obviously, in software integrity we’re still in investment mode. But across the businesses, we are growing and have very good profitability. And so we continue to invest across the various groups. On the hiring you might see the pick up from Q3 to Q4, or Q2 to Q3, it’s pretty much for the plan, it’s not unusual. If you remember what we described in our Q1, Q2 earnings call, we were a little bit behind in hiring before we saw visibility to improvements in revenue. But the pick up in the second-half is really for the plan.
Operator: We’ll next go to the line of Sterling Auty. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. I wonder if you can give some additional color in where you saw the strength in particular in the IP business that you mentioned? And what the margin profile on that strength actually looks like?
Aart de Geus: Well, the worst strengths almost invariably brings also a better margin profile, because when your business grows well that is, because it’s partially repetitive on things that you did before, or it is in an area that are of particularly interest to customers and more advanced. We mentioned a little bit automotive before. I think, we’re doing quite well in automotive. Across the Board, the interfaces are doing very well. The embedded vision is interesting, because this is an area that is seeing very rapid technology evolution on our part. We had an early product on the markets late last year, a number of people have done some interesting things with it and immediately came back with a slew of requests and we’re fulfilling those. So these are – that’s as much of fun area as it is a good area for us. And then lastly, we’re also doing quite well in everything that touches the actual physics of semiconductors, because moving things to the advanced nodes is actually a very sophisticated set of tasks, and we are becoming better and better at that.
Sterling Auty: And how do you characterize the composite dynamics? So it seems like number of players you considered have been putting up good results in IP. Have you found that similar to hardware that you kind of spread out in terms of where the focus is?
Aart de Geus: Well, we have been, I think, fairly disciplined in making sure that we invest in IP areas, where one has actually a good chance of getting a return on investment. It’s very easy to jump on every piece of IP that move, so to speak, because a customer really wants it. But if they are the only one or if they are customers that may have grand ambitions, but in our assumption, a chance of actually not making it too significant chips. So we become more careful. And so, in general, we look to have clear proof that there’s a lifecycle to the IP that we invest in. But we have now the benefit of many years of experience that’s just said the positive word for having made mistakes and learn from them. But that learning is paying off. And as customers have seen us learn and as they have learned with us, it has built a certain degree of trust, because success is so often achieved by in the last minutes together overcoming some issues and that is only the case in IP. And so that’s why I’m thinking of it as an extremely solid high-quality business that’s very sophisticated. But that will – have – has a very good chance of continuing to grow at a good rate.
Operator: Thank you. Next we’ll go to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Got it. Thank you. Good evening. Aart, let me start with you with a couple of technology questions around core EDA. So with respect to ICC in terms of its adoption, at back two years ago, Synopsys quoted you’re having, I think, 33 customers at the time at back last year more than 90, and now as at back two months ago more than 150 customers. And so the question there is, do you think that the expansion of logos in terms of ICC adoption has largely ran its course, since now you become relatively more dependent on expansion for logo, or do you think there’s still a good logo expansion opportunity? And then second, core EDA question, thinking back also to back two months ago in your joint presentation with TSMC an ARM, there was a lot of discussion, of course, around 7-nanometer and some of the implications for core EDA tools. In that respect, how do you think 7-nanometer or anything under 10 might impact synthesis specifically, imagine that’s still more than $200 million business for you, probably generating some good margin and cash flow. And is there some upside opportunity owing to the technical requirements of advanced submicron for that product line?
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, let’s start with the ICC logo expansion. The expansion will continue, but the reality in our field is by the time you’re at a logo number 150, those are typically dramatically smaller in their expenditures than it’s only the top 5, or 10, or 20, or 50. And so the expansion then typically tends to continue more in breadth with the existing companies. And of course, they gradually move over from the previous version ICC-1 to ICC-2. Regarding the intersection of our tools with TSMC and ARM, as one of the key cores that is so relevant to many of our joint customers. And that intersection with us all on the theme of 7-nanometer, I think, there’s no question that 7-nanometer and for similar technologies from other vendors they have a different number for it. But think of it as the most advanced production manufacturing technology, it is growing rapidly. And if we look at the curves of FinFET, in general, while there was probably a discontinuity between playing our technology, which is 28-nanometer and everything underneath that, which became FinFET. At this point in time, we sort of see the same curves of adoption and growth except, of course, that the chips are again dramatically more complex. And the complexity is both in terms of the gate counts, but also in the literal, physical or interconnect demand for the synthesis place and route, verification and timing tools and so on. And so I hesitate to say it like that with each sort of technology business as usual for you stay on the exponential, keep driving it like crazy, and the chips will continue to come out successfully. And so a lot of work has gone into that. And of course, for TSMC 7-nanometer is sort of their flagship. They are – they have pushed very hard. They have multiple versions of 7-nanometer, and all of this is continually aligned with them on a technology basis and continually exercised with ARM on their lock. And so our joint job is to deliver best possible chips, while reducing the risks and then the work that it takes. But I would say, so far, so good, actually. I think, it’s doing quite well.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Right. I appreciate that. Actually I was asking for a specific comment on gradually for synthesis. But let me move on to my next question having to do with hardware. So inferring from your results and your comments, it would seem that Synopsys will have been the largest by revenue and emulation for the quarter and for the trailing 12 months, which you’ve not been before, but that’s what the data now suggest. My question is, since this ramp-up in emulation began about two years ago for you now to this new much higher level, has either been consistently larger, either on a quarterly or trailing 12-month basis than perhaps, or have been in periods, where prototyping was, in fact, larger than emulation?
Aart de Geus: Well, as you all know, we never disclose the very specifics of individual products. But maybe answering at the start of your question, there is no question that the hardware solution and we really think of it as a combination of ZeBu and tabs has done extremely well for Synopsys. And by the way, I think that’s the overall industry has done well. So this is not a negative on our competitors. But for Synopsys, we came from a few years of having zero position there into a very, very strong position. And I think, it is very much on the strength of the technology, but also on the focus of the right place with the customers. And I do expect this area to continue to be strong. And you’ve heard the caveats before of lumpiness and all that. But fundamentally, the theory of understanding design and the importance of software, which I will say, this area will continue to be very important for people getting system products to the market. And so, yes, we’re gratified that the team has executed very well. And that we have a number of very advanced customers that are really seeing the benefit of shortening the time to market of the combination of hardware and software. And therefore, we expect them to continue to want to accelerate the benefit.
Operator: Still we have four minutes to the top of the hour. We will go to Monika Garg with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First, if I look at upfront revenue year-to-date, it’s almost growing more than 50% year-to-date. Is it most of it coming from emulation, or something else adding to that too?
Aart de Geus: Monika, it’s a combination of hardware, which is – it’s hardware, which is a combination of emulation and HAPS.
Monika Garg: Got it. Then, Aart, a lot of companies used to do EDA development in-house, given the increasing complexity of EDA tools and design complexity. Do you see more EDA development moving to EDA companies? Also, how do you think the increasing silicon content in autos, artificial intelligence, machine learning, [sell timing costs] [ph] everything, how does that change the TAM for EDA tools?
Aart de Geus: Well, the move of internal EDA to commercial EDA, i.e., to the EDA companies started to accelerate massively in the 1980s. And I would say that by the 2000s, it was a rare occurrence that people would develop their own EDA tools. There are a few companies that still rely somewhat on their internals, because the internal EDA is specialized for the type of machines they built. And the well-known example that stands out is, IBM for their super big machines. But aside of that, I’d be really hard pressed to point at anybody. Now the exception to that may be that in some areas, people may develop some specialized tools that actually add something to what ours tools are doing. So they may have a special analysis that they put in our time or in our place and route system or so in order to get better results for something that they want to be quiet about and are doing. Your question on the machine learning is very pertinence, because just like we are preaching that the impact of digital intelligence will have importance everywhere, while we are part of everywhere. And so we have quite a number of projects ourselves in that area. There’s a lot of opportunity to rethink about problems. But I also want to caution that, when you have big excitement waves, there can be a little bit of a bubble phenomenon where suddenly everybody thinks that they know what to do and one can easily over invest in that as well. And so we have been fortunate to be quite engaged in this field with both the number of customers and internally. So I think, we have a good balance in it, but it will have an impact on EDA tools. And we certainly are in the camp of having an enormous amount of data and we will try to use that wisely.
Operator: Thank you. And the final question will come from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mitch Steves: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions. I just have one for Aart and one for Trac. So just from a high-level perspective when I think about people using more tools to kind of design chips, are you seeing more the demand, because people are creating new chips, or because people are trying to fit more transistors onto the chips themselves?
Aart de Geus: For – I was going to say years, but I really meant to say decades. It’s been the latter, which is it’s the complexity of the chips, not the number of chips that has driven our business. And up until 2000s or so, the number of chips was growing, and after that, it actually came down to about half and has been – as far as I can tell somewhat stable since then, and so it’s complexity that’s driving.
Mitch Steves: Got it. And then second one for Trac just really quick. I know you’ve just talked how FY 2018 seems like you guys can do that basic consensus numbers. But given the fact that hardware is becoming a larger percent of the business. Do we – should we anticipate hearing kind of a long-term growth rate for that business, given that you’ve given it to us for kind of the software piece, the EDA, the mid-singles, et cetera?
Trac Pham: No, we typically don’t break-out product categories. I think to remind you the emulation business hardware rolls up into core EDA. And that’s part of our guidance in terms of the growth rate for the areas in the low to mid single digits.
Mitch Steves: Right. So despite the hardware increase, you still think you can hit that – the target?
Aart de Geus: Well, long-term, yes.
Mitch Steves: Got it. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think we have arrived at the end of our allocated hour. Thank you for your interest and excellent questions. Hopefully, you took away from the earnings release that we delivered good results and feel very solid about the year. We were cautious to not give yet guidance for 2018, we’re not ready for that, but you did get a sense that we support the consensus as it stands. We will be available after the earnings call and thank you, again, for your interest.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks, again, for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-05-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - VP, IR  Aart de Geus - Co-Founder, Chairman and Co-CEO Trac Pham - CFO
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Richard Valera - Needham & Company Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co. Sreekrishnan Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Mitchell Steves - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Synopsys earnings conference call for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call will last 1 hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Ryan. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. We will also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, earnings press release and financial supplement that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation, are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I'm happy to report that our second quarter results were strong. We delivered revenue of $680 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.88, both at the top of our target ranges. We executed $100 million share buyback for a total of $200 million so far this year. And we-re raising our revenue, non-GAAP earnings per share and operating cash flow guidance for the year. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. The landscape around us is solid with what feels like a continuing stable outlook for 2017. Our 3 customer groups, semiconductors, systems companies and software developers, continue to invest significantly. This is driven by the dawning age of digital intelligence which is both exciting and evolving quickly. Everything around us is becoming smart, connected but also complex. Mounting software content, whether integrated on a chip or as an app, creates huge functionality, development and security challenges. This, in turn, drives growth opportunities around machine learning, automotive, augmented and virtual reality, networking infrastructure and the soaring need for more cloud-based computation and storage. With the unique portfolio reaching from the roots of silicon all the way up to software, combined with best-in-class global support, Synopsys continues to demonstrate that our vision, strategy, investments and execution are right on the money. This is evidenced in all 3 product groups. Core EDA revenue growth has outpaced competitors over the past years. IP continues its double digit growth and our software quality and security group is scaling to critical mass with excellent revenue expansion. Let me provide some highlights from the quarter beginning with core EDA. Synopsys is a mission-critical partner for the most advanced designs. Our EDA and IP collaboration with TSMC illustrates this. During Q2, we announced full flow certification for TSMC's 12- and 7-nanometer processes as well as broad IP cooperation for 12-nanometer FinFETs. Customers today rely on Synopsys for more than 95% of their FinFET designs. Meanwhile, we-re already partnering on early R&D of 5-nanometer and below. Our design platform is generating solid results and notable customer successes. IC Compiler II, our place and route solution, is used on highly complex chips, some as advanced as 7-nanometer, by companies such as Xilinx, NVIDIA, ST and Broadcom. IC Validator, our physical verification product, has already performed final sign-off of more than 100 FinFET production tape-outs, a significant accomplishment given the historical reliance on competitors. Meanwhile, intensive R&D across our digital platform is delivering new high-impact capabilities at a very rapid pace. In custom, our long-time leadership in simulation and our new Custom Compiler design solution are generating high interest. Custom Compiler's FinFET optimizations and our close collaboration with UMC, for example, enabled customers to use Custom Compiler in their new 14-nanometer process. At our March user group conference, ST, MediaTek and Renesas shared their production successes with engineers from more than 40 companies. In verification, we continued to see excellent results and a strong outlook for the year. Our Verification Continuum platform is in high demand for 2 reasons, first, we have leading-edge verification technologies ranging from simulation to emulation to prototyping to static techniques to powerful, well integrated debugging; and second, our coherent platform is solidly centered at the intersection of hardware and software, the very intersection enabling Smart Everything and addressing the time-to-market urgency of this dynamic market. We continue to see great progress ranging from excellent customer interest in our new superfast VCS simulator to platform-wide adoption and proliferation. Over the last several quarters, leading mobile, graphics and processor companies have aligned with us through expanded multi-year strategy -- strategic agreements, including simulation, verification IP, debug, formal, emulation and prototyping technologies. In Q2, broad demand for ZeBu emulation continued with 6 new logos and expansion in top accounts. For example, Spreadtrum standardized on ZeBu for its advanced mobile SoCs and Wave Computing adopted ZeBu for its machine learning products. While lumpy from quarter-to quarter, we expect 2017 to be another record year for hardware revenue, driven by industry demand and the robustness of our solution. On top of this, virtual prototyping which enables early software development and architecture assessment, resonated particularly well in the automotive market. During the quarter, we announced support for chips from Silicon Mobility Inc., a leading semiconductor provider for hybrid and electric vehicle control systems. Let me pause for a moment on automotive, where, over the past several years, we've deployed a wide range of targeted solutions. With touch points ranging from functional safety to autonomous driving to the next-generation of infotainment, all the way to lighting simulation, Synopsys is growing into a crucial participant in the automotive ecosystem. Elements throughout our EDA, IP and software integrity portfolio are now certified for the most stringent level of automotive safety defined by the ISO 26262 standard. In IP, for example, over the last 8 quarters, we significantly extended our portfolio of certified IP. More broadly, in Q2, we saw strong demand in IP with particular momentum in advanced technology and security. We announced an expansive portfolio of IP for TSMC's 12 FFC process and taped out multiple 10- and 7-nanometer IP test chips with advanced foundries. We're systematically building out our portfolio of security IP for mobile, automotive, IoT and cloud computing markets. In Q2, for example, we delivered a high-performance, hardware-secure module that protects sensitive information and data processing within SoCs. The need for security is, of course, much broader than IP which brings me to our third customer base, software developers across many industries. The focus in our growing Software Integrity Group is to provide products and services that help developers write high-quality code that can withstand security vulnerabilities. This as a key differentiator and new TAM for Synopsys and I'm happy to report that it's scaling well both organically and via acquisitions. Our software sign-off platform is making good progress and we have expanded our road map to reflect the acquisition of Cigital. We're strong in the embedded space with growing transaction sizes and are gaining good traction in the automotive industry with our security solutions and well-respected expertise. With the acquisition of Cigital in Q1, we're accelerating penetration in other key verticals such as the financial services industry. Our objective is to drive demand creation at early stages of security strategy development. The Cigital integration is already delivering examples of our first combined services and product agreements and cross-selling opportunities. Finally, Synopsys was named a leader in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for application security testing. The Magic Quadrant is an important indicator for customers who often use it to narrow their list of potential vendors. We've already seen increased customer interest as a result. In closing, as we look to the second half of the year and beyond, our priorities remain centered on generating long term shareholder value. We do this by investing organically and through M&A and EDA, IP and software integrity to realize our Silicon to Software vision. We do this by executing with a clear intent to sustain technology leadership while simultaneously growing revenue and profitability throughout our business. And we do this with a clear bottom line objective and many year track record, of driving ongoing high single-digit EPS growth and returning cash to shareholders. Let me now turn the call over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. In Q2, we closed another outstanding quarter and continue to execute very well. We met or exceeded all key financial targets, delivered strong revenue and non-GAAP earnings growth, completed a $100 million share buyback and generated significant cash flow. Our first half was very strong and as a result, we-re raising our 2017 outlook for revenue, non-GAAP earnings and operating cash flow. Now to the numbers. As I talk through the results and targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year, unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 12% to $680 million, at the high-end of our target range, with particular strength in hardware and IP. About 90% of revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog and 1 customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue. The weighted average license duration was approximately 2.7 years and we expect the 2017 average to be slightly less than 3 years. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $626 million which included a $38 million accrual related to the ongoing Eve-Mentor litigation. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $513 million, within our target range. Non-GAAP operating margin was 24.6% for the quarter. For the year, we expect solid organic margin expansion over 2016, moderated by the impact of the Cigital and Codiscope acquisitions. GAAP earnings per share were $0.34 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.88, at the high end of our target range. Operating cash flow was $123 million, driven by strong collections and business levels. We-re again raising our 2017 cash flow target to a range of $580 million to $600 million. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and short term investments of $1.1 billion with 11% onshore and total debt of $418 million. In Q2, we returned $100 million to shareholders through our stock buyback program and we have $235 million remaining on our current authorization. Before moving onto guidance, let me briefly update you on ASC 606, the new revenue recognition rules that we'll implement in fiscal 2019. We-re preparing for the rule change and are confident that our predictable model will remain substantially intact. Now to third quarter and fiscal 2017 guidance. For Q3, the targets are, revenue between $685 million and $700 million which reflects both strength and timing of hardware sales; total GAAP cost and expenses between $574 million and $593 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $517 million and $527 million; other income between negative $1 million and $1 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million; GAAP earnings of $0.69 to $0.78 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.91 to $0.94 per share. For 2017, we're raising our revenue target to $2.65 billion to $2.67 billion, a growth rate of 9% to 10% which reflects underlying strength in our business, including record hardware sales; other income between $2 million and $6 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million; GAAP earnings of $1.84 to $1.97 per share. We're raising the midpoint of our non-GAAP earnings target range by $0.03 to $3.24 to $3.29 per share, a growth rate of 7% to 9%; capital expenditures of approximately $90 million; and cash flow from operations of $580 million to $600 million. As we look to the remainder of 2017, we expect Q4 to be the lowest revenue and EPS quarter due to the timing of hardware shipments and seasonally higher operating expenses. Investors should expect continued variability in revenue due to the growth of our hardware products and their upfront revenue recognition. Excluding hardware, our 90-10 time-based revenue model remains in effect. Finally, we're in the early stages of planning for next year and we'd encourage investors to wait until we've provided guidance before updating estimates. That said, we believe the current 2018 consensus non-GAAP EPS estimates look reasonable. This is consistent with our long term objective of driving high single-digit non-GAAP EPS growth. In summary, Q2 was a great quarter. We delivered strong growth across the board. We're raising our 2017 outlook for revenue, non-GAAP earnings and cash flow and we continue to drive long term shareholder value by investing in the business both organically and through acquisitions and by returning capital through share buybacks. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from the line of Rich Valera of Needham & Company.
Richard Valera: I wanted to ask about the strength you're seeing in the core EDA business. Aart, you've been on record on numerous occasions saying you thought that was kind of a low single-digit growth business, yet it looks like you're growing that close to double digits last couple of quarters. I just wanted to get your sense of what's driving that with any more color than you gave in your prepared remarks and kind of how sustainable this well above kind of industry growth rate might be.
Aart de Geus: Well, in general, I think we're in a phase of the industry around us and ourselves that tends to be strong and when we give you directions on growth rates of the different areas, we always look at it from a perspective of a multi-year outlook because that's sort of the only fair way to do it, all the more given that we have a multi-year agreement. Having said that, there's no question that the push towards more advanced chips is actually continuing strong and I think the reason for that is relatively straightforward which is that the new opportunities in technologies and products are using any of the existing computation and mobility techniques but now amended by increased digital intelligence requirements, will continue to be very strong after that enormous amounts of data generated by a happily growing set of sensors. And you can see that the entire field is really poised to demand more computation. And so it is natural, therefore, for people to come to our products. And while there are some up and down from quarter-to quarter, they are driving the leading edge and they need the tools to support that. So I think we're fortunate to do well.
Richard Valera: Got it. And then just more specifically for the quarter, the service maintenance line was very strong. I'm not sure if you could give any commentary on what that was and how we should think about that line for the balance of the year.
Trac Pham: Rich, on -- you're referring to the P&L with the split?
Richard Valera: Correct.
Trac Pham: On the services and product line, that includes the Cigital acquisition as well as strength in underlying IP, right? That's where the PoC revenues flow through as well.
Richard Valera: But was that -- that was an unusually strong quarter. Should we think about that as a [indiscernible] ?
Trac Pham: No, IP tends to be pretty lumpy, but we-re doing -- if you look at the results from a product mix, we-re doing well in IP. But it does tend to be lumpy and then you add that to the Cigital acquisition where we've got a full quarter of that now. That's driving a quarter-on quarter change.
Richard Valera: Got it. So higher than historical levels but maybe not quite that high going forward. That makes sense.
Trac Pham: Yes. We keep it in -- as we said publicly, the -- we expect IP to go grow in the double-digit rate and it could be lumpy from quarter-to quarter. But our goal is to drive that growth sustainably in the double digits.
Richard Valera: Got it. And then just with respect to hardware you've obviously had a great run of demand here in hardware and it looks like Q3, probably not expecting any different, but you're currently modeling it, sounds like, for Q4 to maybe see a -- take a breather in hardware. Is that something you really have visibility to? Or is that just out of an abundance of caution? Just trying to get a sense of how much visibility you actually have to that Q4 sales hardware?
Aart de Geus: It feels like repetitive in the last 3 or 4 earnings releases. We must have used the word hardware is lumpy every time and that is an indication that the visibility is not complete, meaning that some of these things come in and then the customer wants immediate fulfillment or delayed fulfillment. So the timing can be somewhat arbitrary. There's no question that we have done well in the hardware area and I think that correlate directly to what we said earlier which is growth in complexity of chips but also more and more chips and the affiliated software needing to be verified together. And that is only a center of strength for Synopsys.
Trac Pham: Rich, you bring up a good point in terms of Q4. The profile of Q4 is impacted by the variability of hardware. As you've seen in the results across geos, across product mixes, we're doing well. And going forward, you'll see more variability quarter-on quarter. So I think focus on the full year. And just as you brought up, the Q4 profile is down, but that's just mostly on hardware.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Diffely with D. A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely: First, I was curious what are the specific drivers of the hardware IP. Is it the core semi business, the system players or perhaps new customers in Asia?
Aart de Geus: Actually, the first two groups because in order for emulation and other hardware isolation methods to be useful, it is really in the proximity of the intersection of hardware and software which means it's the high-end chips that invariably drive a lot of software or it is the systems companies that integrate multiple chips around building apps or building entire product. And so the distinction between semiconductor vendors and system vendors sometimes is a little blurred because they tend to increasingly do stuff for each other or demand from each other that, that sits at this intersection. So both of those, I think, sort of grow hand in hand.
Thomas Diffely: Okay. And then on the IP side, [indiscernible] the new customers are looking to fast track some designs now.
Aart de Geus: Yes. Actually, sorry I forgot that part of your question. IP is directly related to efficiency and productivity. And with continuous complexity of chips and by the way, continued complexity of the IP blocks, delayed collection of these blocks just continues to grow and the efficiency with which people can put together large chips is directly a function of which blocks are available, how easy is it to integrate them and how much do you trust the vendor because, obviously, you're highly relying on who provides you those blocks. And so as companies design large chips or larger systems, increasingly, they put their engineers on those aspects that they can't purchase but where they can provide additional differentiation while outsourcing increasingly blocks that, in the past, they would have done themselves. And I think that bodes very well for us.
Thomas Diffely: Okay. So for both of those groups, too, have you begun to see any kind of a seasonality pattern with them? Or is purely just project based and can be fairly random through the year?
Aart de Geus: I have not seen any seasonality. I think it is very much project based and it has always a little bit the characteristic that the minute they figure out what's going to be in the project, they would like to have the IP the next day which, of course, not possible because a lot of this gets developed as part of agreements and service development sets. But the projects come and go. The companies have no aligned time line for these projects and so I don't see any seasonality. But one could have the configuration that, for some reason, there are some quarter, there are more project finishing than others or deliveries that we could do. So it could be somewhat lumpy, but it's not because of seasonality.
Thomas Diffely: Okay. And then moving over to the core EDA market. Are the tools, the software tools now ready, completely ready for the 7- and 5-nanometer nodes? Or are there still challenges to be overcome?
Aart de Geus: They are completely ready for the 7-nanometer. 5-nanometer is not on the market and 5-nanometer is still in deep development. That will take a little while. And even when I say for the 7-nanometer -- 7-nanometer is really leading edge and what that means is that the foundries that provide the technology and that manufacture these chips will keep refining their technology on ongoing basis because they constantly are trying to tune the yields that they get because if you have a little higher yields, meaning a higher percentage of chips that work on a wafer, that has enormous economic impact. And so we-re in constant interaction with foundries. Every time that they tune it a little bit, we tune our tools and in some cases, we also tune our IP a little further.
Thomas Diffely: Okay. And in your answer, they do include the IP and the 7-nanometers being ready as well?
Aart de Geus: Yes, we have a number of efforts in these advanced nodes and the word ready is not a black and white, meaning that there are certain things that are already earlier. There are certain things that are already with 7-nanometers, not quite there, for test chips, for example. And so there's a very complex multi-year process to bring something to market. But from my commentary, you should read that we-re well exercised in trying to align as much as possible with the foundry train so that we arrive at the station at the same time.
Thomas Diffely: Okay. And does your answer there either include or not include EUV? Does it matter to you?
Aart de Geus: It doesn't matter that much. There are some very fundamental IP that's impacted by EUV. And as you may know, EUV is sort of now just slowly seeping into potentially some production manufacturing in the coming years and that is only for a few layers of the chip. And there are many, many layers, so EUV will be for the very refined ones initially. And so we're well on top of that, but it does not mean a big effort nor a big issue.
Thomas Diffely: Okay. And then finally, Trac, you said that the accounting rule changes should have just not much impact on your model. If you were to see the impact, where would it be?
Trac Pham: There are some portions of it in the IP business that could be affected and fortunately, we have got time to work through how to structure those contracts. And then there's a small portion on some elements of FSAs related to the software contracts, the FSAs being the equivalent to gift cards that you buy certain amount and then draw down over time. Those things will be challenging as we work through the rules, but fortunately, we know what they are. And they're relatively small portion and we've got some time to address them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Sreekrishnan Sankar: I had a few more easy questions for you, Aart. Number one, on your IP business, can you guys say how much of it is actually ratable versus upfront?
Trac Pham: Roughly 60% is ratable.
Aart de Geus: Yes. Just to clarify, when we do IP, people buy existing functionality but very often wanted to be delivered in a very specific form, maybe with some alterations or with some tuning for their versions of technology. And so this is why the IP is accompanied by a statement of work which can be viewed essentially as a service business. But it is service business around an existing product. And the reason you saw us hesitate is because we rarely think about it in those 2 categories. But it is a good question. It is sort of a balance between the 2.
Sreekrishnan Sankar: Got it. That's really helpful. And then a couple of other ones. Obviously, there's been a lot of chatter about activity in China on their own semiconductor investment front. Have you guy started seeing any purchases for EDA tools from the indigenous Chinese companies?
Aart de Geus: Yes, we have seen those since like the middle 1990s. We've been in China for a long, long time and they have been, for now many, many years, many design companies. Many have not been successful. And so I would say, we're at least already on the third or fourth generation of companies where a bunch have disappeared, reconfigured and so on. And now there is a significant segment of strong Chinese companies that are -- that have, year after year, become closer and closer to be at the state of the art and we would certainly say that there are a few companies that are designing with absolutely state-of-the-art silicon technology. And so they have been broad users of our tools. China has been a growing market for us and we continue to see expansion of that market.
Trac Pham: Krish [indiscernible] doing well across our entire portfolio. So we've been doing -- selling EDA in China for a long time as Aart described it. IP is a very good opportunity and we've seen growth there. And then even with the Software Integrity business, that's been emerging over the last few years as well.
Sreekrishnan Sankar: Okay. All right. Let me -- I'm going to try to ask the question a different way then. If I look at, historically, for Synopsys, memory has been about 15% to 20% of your business and China has this huge plan to get into like memory with new 3D NAND factories. And from those customers, have you actually started seeing any -- are you guys having any conversation with this new 3D NAND investment in China? Or have you guys started seeing any early POs or anything of that nature?
Aart de Geus: Definitely yes. I mean, memory development is development that requires pretty deep understanding of semiconductor physics and device construction. And so with the number of companies we have now been working for a while on the development of those, you're absolutely right that, in the last recent period, I would say maybe last 2 years, there has been an increase in attention and effort. And that is the direct response to the fact that most economies are seeing an enormous amount of data coming about, that the big data will be analyzed and therefore, the -- be it in the cloud or be it the devices around it, are all going to use massively more memory and that their strong desire to make that memory a lot faster so that you can do more processing. And so in that sense, while China may be new to this game, the push in new memory technologies is quite interesting and that fits well the overall picture of a semiconductor business that is going to be an enabler to many other high-tech capabilities.
Sreekrishnan Sankar: Got you. Got you. And then the final question I had is if I look at your fiscal first half or the last 2 quarters, your R&D as a percent of your sale, it's kind of been running at the low end of your historical range. I'm curious to know, is that the new fundamental shift on how you're going to be more effective with your R&D? Or are 2 quarters just not too big a data point to like extrapolate?
Trac Pham: I wouldn't extrapolate off of 2 quarters. I think what you're seeing in first half is mostly the acceleration of revenues. We expect to maintain R&D investments in the 30%-ish range. And depending on how -- what you're seeing this year is just the lumpiness of revenues and the quarterly profile will skew that. But overall, we expect to maintain the model in that 30% range.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Sterling Auty, JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: I'm wondering, with the acquisition of Cigital on top of all the other elements that you've pieced together in some of the software assurance, et cetera, how much of your sales and marketing headcount is now focused outside the core kind of systems and semiconductor industries.
Aart de Geus: Good question. I don't know the exact answer, but I can venture that it is probably half to a little bit more as outside. And the reason for that is that the marketing needed in our core semiconductor space is not that high because we have many very good connections and we can relatively easily access people that need security and quality tools for their software. Whereas in the rest of the space, there are many different market segments. And you mentioned Cigital which is a really interesting acquisition because it's not only that it brings to us a service business, that allows us to engage at a higher level with customers that are looking at the strategy of their -- of how to deal with quality and security. It is that they're also very strong in the financial market.  And so the way you communicate with financial market is very different than, let's say, the health market or the embedded software market and that is why some marketing effort has to be specialized on that. From a sales point of view, there, it is much more a question of global access and how quickly can we grow this and be in a situation where we have high-quality salespeople. And that is an ongoing effort and going well. We're growing well, but there's no end to that one yet.
Sterling Auty: And then on the IP business, you mentioned the strength that you're seeing there. We look at the gross margins. Obviously, the gross margins relative to expectations was probably heavily influenced on the mix. But specifically to the IP, how would you characterize the gross margin contribution at this point and the thoughts of where that could trend?
Trac Pham: Sure. This is Trac. The margins on that are pretty healthy, but directionally, they're slightly below the corporate average. And that's about where we'd expect to drive that.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then last question, you mentioned 606 on a couple of areas, but I didn't hear one of the attributes of 606 is the backlog disclosure. Any thoughts around the structure of how you're going to disclose the backlog? And specifically, I know it has to be done quarterly, but there is the commentary that goes with it describing how you go from backlog into revenue. Is there any conclusions at this point in terms of how that would be -- how those disclosures will come?
Trac Pham: No. We're still assessing that, but I would say that we've done a pretty good job disclosing backlog in the past. And the metrics that we provided, I think, gives investors a pretty good sense of the health of the business. Going into any particular year, we do aim for about 80% visibility of backlog, scheduled revenue in backlog at the end of the year. Secondly, we try to enter the quarter -- each quarter with about 90% of backlog in hand. So I think those 2 metrics combined with anything else we provide should give pretty good color on the health of the business.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Trac, let me start with you. You raised the midpoint of your cash flow expectation for the year by $80 million. Is that pretty broadly based in terms of numbers of customers driving that? Or is it fairly narrowly based in terms of perhaps there's a small number of customers with a large amount of collections driving that number? And then secondly, for you, before I turn to Aart, given the scaling that you're seeing now in hardware, could you comment on the margin or mix trends vis-à-vis hardware profitability?
Trac Pham: Okay. Let me start first with the broad -- the cash flow, whether it's broad based. It was, yes, definitely broad based and that would be consistent with the health of the business that we're seeing in the first half. As I mentioned, when you look across, the growth was pretty broad based across geographies and product mixes. So that -- the cash flow is consistent with that. And then from a hardware perspective, we-re definitely doing well with hardware revenues and the profitability on that certainly is improving and it is [indiscernible] profits.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Is it improving as a percentage of the hardware revenue?
Trac Pham: Yes.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. For Aart, a couple of things for you. We often hear over the years from EDA companies when new hardware is introduced, particularly emulation of course, detailed descriptions about the hardware specifications and most particularly about the design capacity that the hardware systems are capable of. We don't typically hear that sort of discussion around the software tool capacity. And this issue has come up for you and others over the years in terms of design size capacity that you could put through, DC, for example and the issues of that kind. As you move now to 10-nanometer and below, could you talk about whether or not there are any capacity issues that you need to resolve for any role of your tools to adequately handle the design sizes that you're likely to see? You mentioned new version of VCS, so perhaps that's one example. But anything you can address with regard to the capacity on the software side would be helpful. And then lastly for you on the technology front, are you beginning to see any kind of conjoined usage of your prototyping hardware with software integrity, in other words, is the software to bring out capability of hardware being used somehow with the Software Integrity business? And then similarly, is the prototyping business being used increasingly along with emulation as part of your Verification Continuum?
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, so for being at Synopsys for 30 years, I would say our capacity has always been less than the customer wanted and more than they thought they would get, meaning that the state of the art is limited typically by a few things which is, one, is how fast can you run; and two, how much can you run at the same time. And so it has been actually quite remarkable how, over all this time period, these numbers have continued to increase. And I'm certainly on record of having argued many times that we-re the other half of Moore's Law which is if they can manufacture it, we will find a way to simulate it, to design it and so on and that goes hand in hand. But for the most state-of-the-art situations, one has always had the limit of what one can do. The second comment I would have for that, it is quite remarkable how, over all these years, over and over, there have been redesigns of architecture of utilization of compute environments, of utilization of multiple computers, multiple cores, multiple threads that have managed to keep your question in check. So we're always chasing the horizon in other words and this is true on the hardware side in emulation or prototyping. It is certainly true for software for a long time. And expect that to absolutely continue and we will stay at the leading edge of that. Secondly, regarding the intersection of prototyping and software integrity, I expect that we're going to start seeing some of that in the not-too-distant future. So far, there's not been a lot of evidence of that, but we have not really pushed on that front yet either. The intersection between prototyping of emulation, we have already seen quite a bit of that. And by the way, it's intersection of prototyping, emulation and simulation and in some cases, even virtual prototyping. And that is because the system people would like to simulate software on larger systems that have many components that may be defined at different levels of abstraction. So all of this is being done. I don't want to give the impression that this is routinely easy. This is sophisticated stuff. But we-re in a very strong position with this and the most advanced customers are very literate about this type of problems.
Operator: Okay and our next question will come from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest.
Monika Garg: First, just if I look at your guidance, even if you've modeled the high end of revenue guidance, since Q4, you were guiding almost $50 million down Q-over-Q. Historically, your Q4 is at least flattish to modestly up. So what is leading to such high kind of revenue down Q-over-Q? Or is it just you're being conservative?
Trac Pham: No, Monika, it's really the hardware business. As we mentioned, it will vary from quarter-to quarter. The underlying -- outside of hardware, the business -- all the other businesses are doing well, so it's not offsetting anything. But hardware is driving the quarter-on quarter comparison.
Monika Garg: $50 million?
Trac Pham: I'm sorry?
Monika Garg: So the downside is about $50 million, 5-0. The others are up.
Aart de Geus: We have very strong hardware business.
Monika Garg: Okay. And a similar point, your operating margins, if I have to model for the guidance, it's going to be like 17%, again, down like almost 700, 800 basis points year-over-year and Q-over-Q. Hardware is down. Operating margin should be better, right?
Trac Pham: As we mentioned at the earlier comments, expenses are seasonally up in Q4, so we've got the offset of revenues coming down because of the hardware trend and the expenses going up in Q4.
Monika Garg: All right. Then, can you just remind us how big your software security business now? And when do you expect it to be breakeven?
Trac Pham: Well, as we mentioned last -- in previous calls, we were guiding to about $100 million last year which we met and a -- the overall growth in that business is about 20% which is tracking, too. And then Cigital, when we acquired them, was roughly half of the existing business. And then the underlying business, we mentioned that the acquisitions would be dilutive to earnings this year and would affect margins. But on the classic software integrity business, we-re on track to do breakeven at second half of the year.
Monika Garg: All right. Then, going forward, what is the growth rate you expect in the software security business, including the Cigital acquisition?
Trac Pham: We're looking at the 20% range.
Monika Garg: Okay. Then, Aart, we saw like, over the weekend, a big security breach. Could you maybe talk about how this could impact the security -- software security business? Have you seen any...
Aart de Geus: Yes. For starters, we're fortunate that our own processes around upgrading our firewalls, of making sure that all of the patches have been applied to software have been effective, so we have not had any issues with this. Very clearly, every time there is a big story, in this case, massive number of stories, the attention level around the notion of security goes up. And we-re sitting in the space where the idea is to design security in the first place, not to just fix all the things that went wrong in the past but make it essentially correct by construction. And so from that perspective, I think we-re in a very healthy situation. If you amend that by the fact that Gartner which tracks many, many security-related companies such as ourselves, are now putting us in the leading quadrant for the activities that we do, obviously, the attention that this is getting is positive for our business even if it's negative for the world and so we-re seeing that with the acquisition of Cigital, with the commentary that Trac just gave you on the existing business. I feel that we can now state that this business has, for lack of better term, reached critical mass. And what I mean with that is that a number of years ago, we made the decision to move up from the silicon to the software. We made a decision to bank beyond the hardware and software intersection and that, moreover, this new TAM that touches many companies that, in the past, we have no business with looks very promising. There were many execution challenges in getting there. I think we've navigated well through those. And I'm very encouraged with where we-re in the middle of 2017 because we see this vision materializing. And hopefully, it's not on the back of catastrophes around us but more on the premise that building correctly for the future is really where the software industry should go and that is where our contribution will be.
Monika Garg: Got it. Then, the new administration has talked about making it easy for cash repatriation. If that happens, how could you think about the usage of cash?
Trac Pham: Monika, we-re staying on top on what's developing as far as tax reform in the U.S. If it does occur, I mean, obviously, we -- I think when you use cash the same way we've been using over the last several years. Over the last, trailing 12 -- 4 quarters, we've bought back close to $400 million in stock. We've acquired companies in the software integrity space and we'll continue to use the cash to drive growth in terms of acquisitions and then return cash when it's appropriate via buybacks.
Monika Garg: Last one for me on IP, growing double digit. Is double digit the right way to look at going forward? And then you've been building ADAS IP for autos for some time. Are you seeing inflection in that?
Aart de Geus: Well, for the first part of your question, yes, we think that it is in the low double digits. So far, the team has been executing particularly well and if you look at it from the complex chips, our expectations are that we will continue to see good growth and healthy business there. I'm sorry, I couldn't acoustically hear your second part of the question.
Monika Garg: You've been building the ADAS IP for autos for some time. Maybe are you seeing inflection in that?
Aart de Geus: Oh, yes, sure, sorry. Yes, automotive has been an interesting area because it's having so much attention, frankly, by a whole number of people that may create a bit of a bubble there. But at the same time, there's a good reason it's getting so much attention which is it is the showcase for what modern hardware software will be able to do to fundamentally transform a field that has been relatively slow in evolving. It is now evolving very, very rapidly. And so we have invested quite a bit over the last few years not only to make sure that the tools are capable of dealing with this type of designs, but our IP portfolio has grown significantly in the realm of having certified IP. And certification of IP is for one key reason which is automotive demands a certain set of checks to make sure that what you're doing is actually safe. And in the past, safety has been actually developed quite well in automotive. With this very, very rapid increase of both hardware and software, the complexity that comes with that is going to be a challenge for safety and the fact that we have a portfolio that is now massively certified, I think, bodes very well for our position there.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets.
Mitchell Steves: Two questions for you if I could. First for Aart. Just in terms of the core EDA business, that's continuing to grow at double digits now. So I know you guys have talked to low to mid-single growth. But what exactly has changed there? I mean, I know the CAD business or the CAD industry to be growing faster. Could you maybe highlight some changes that have happened over the past year or so?
Aart de Geus: Well, one of the key pieces is that the intersection of hardware and software has been driving verification extremely hard and a subcategory to that is really emulation and prototyping. We refer to that as hardware. And that growth has just been exemplary because so many people would like to run software on hardware they don't have and so instead, they use an emulator to sort of fake the hardware if you like. And I expect that to continue because if you want to go to market, you want to start the software development as soon as you possibly can and make sure that it's going to work with the hardware that takes a long time to manufacture. So that has really been one of the key variables in this game.
Mitchell Steves: Got it. And then secondly for Trac on the financial side. I'm having a hard time getting to the kind of Q4 EPS because if I look historically, typically from Q3 to Q4, your total expenses go up by $20 million or so but in order to get to the new midpoint that the full year guide implies, if you're going to be $30 million plus or a 50% increase, so I guess, what's kind of in the financial model for Q4 that's abnormal from the past?
Trac Pham: Well, normally, the -- as you highlighted, the expenses do ramp up from Q3 to Q4. What we would normally see this year is an increase in hiring. That's per our plan. You would see a ramp-up in variable comp as we accrue for where we think we're going to end up the year. And then, historically, the numbers I think -- well, we can model with you, offline, but your historical numbers in terms of growth might be a little aggressive. And then the offset to that is how you model the Q3 revenue to Q4 profile, but we can work with you afterwards.
Operator: Okay. And we have no further questions in queue and we do have 5 minutes remaining. I'll turn it back to the executive board.
Aart de Geus: Well, thank you very much for attending this earnings release. Hopefully, you took away that we had a very strong quarter, that the outlook for the coming quarter is strong, the overall year is looking extremely solid. But most importantly, I think the alignment around our Silicon to Software strategy appears to be working quite well and all the individual businesses have contributed strongly to our present success. So with the intent to continue on that trajectory, we thank you for your support and attention.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-02-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank – Vice President-Investor Relations Aart de Geus – Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Trac Pham – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Gary Mobley – Benchmark Company Rich Valera – Needham & Company Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson Krish Sankar – BofA Merrill Lynch Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities Farhan Ahmad – Credit Suisse Jason Celino – Pacific Crest Securities Mitch Steves – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Lori, and good afternoon. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’d like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets, and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today’s earnings press release. We will also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, earnings press release and financial supplement that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation, are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. Finally, please note that we issued a second press release this afternoon announcing the close of the acquisitions of Cigital and Codiscope. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Q1 was an excellent start to the year, as we delivered solid double-digit growth in both revenue and earnings. Revenue was $653 million, notably above our target range. Non-GAAP earnings per share came in at $0.94. We are raising annual revenue, earnings per share, and operating cash flow guidance, reflecting our confidence in our outlook. In addition, we continued to return capital to shareholders with a $100 million share repurchase; Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. The market that we serve through our three customer segments of Semiconductors, Systems and Software Developers remains mostly unchanged since last quarter. In semiconductors, analyst predictions are more positive than in past quarters, reflecting the investments going into the early products in the Internet of Things, machine learning, automotive, augmented and virtual reality, networking infrastructure, and the continually growing need for more compute power in the cloud. Fundamentally, though, the dynamics have not materially changed, as companies continue to prioritize aggressive adoption of advanced silicon and state-of-the-art design, while being mindful of their need to control costs. The consolidation drive to combine forces in order to better attack certain markets or more effectively utilize resources is likely to continue. Many of these consolidations have worked their way through the system, and while they are a headwind, Synopsys has fared well. The technology leadership and completeness of our solutions, combined with unwavering support, has made us a highly valued partner. In fact, the strength of our design, verification and IP platforms positions us well with customers readying themselves for their next wave of growth. Moving to systems companies, which represent about 40% of our revenue, the intersection of hardware and software is at the core of both their needs and our ability to deliver value. It’s hard to overstate the promise and the challenges brought by the new applications that are emerging as the age of ‘smart everything’ is taking shape. Helping our customers de-risk as they bring all the pieces together has now become our joint challenge. This is precisely where Synopsys excels. Our broad portfolio, proficiency and problem-solving experience, reaching from Silicon to Software, continues to increase in value as the challenges grow more and more multi-dimensional. Our third customer segment – software developers across many industries – is a growing differentiator for Synopsys. The expansion of interconnected devices – with immense software content and complexity – brings with it the need to find security and quality vulnerabilities early in the development process. Fixing issues by sending out a stream of software patches is now untenable with systems that touch human life, society’s infrastructure, all the way to high-value industrial and financial systems. Our growing portfolio of software security and quality products and services is gaining attention in market segments that, only a few years ago, we would never have touched, ranging from embedded to enterprise. Now to some Q1 product highlights spanning from Silicon to Software. Through our most advanced design tools, we are well-known for supporting adoption of 16, 14, 10, and 7 nanometer FinFET technology. With our advanced lithography and TCAD platform, we are also well engaged in the development and research of 5, 3, and 2 nanometer nodes. For example, we teamed up with IIT Bombay to announce an important extension of our Sentaurus TCAD for FinFET reliability modeling at 7 nanometer, 5 nanometer and below. Meanwhile, adoption of advanced design with our tools continues unabated. Of the 300 FinFET designs completed to date, Synopsys was relied on for more than 95% of those chips. Significantly, 55 of the 56 tape-outs at 10 nanometer and below were completed using Synopsys. Overall, our digital design platform, which is centered around synthesis, place and route, and sign-off, continues to make great strides. First, our leading synthesis franchise around Design Compiler, which benefits from an extraordinarily strong and broad usage base, is seeing a rapid succession of technology advances and runtime improvements, including in its ability to deal with advanced test requirements. Second, our state-of-the-art Place and Route offering around IC Compiler II is benefiting from very rapid adoption, including 19 of the 20 top semiconductor companies; Better and better results and solidity by honing the product on more than 250 production designs covering now over 25 different foundry processes. And as a result, we are seeing notable successes in head-to-head benchmarks and customer engagements. And third, the strength of our gold-standard sign-off franchise. In addition to a continuing drumbeat of technical improvements, the strong correlation between the design and sign-off tools is a massive risk-reducer for our customers while impacting their time to market. During Q1, for example, we released PrimeTime HyperScale, which reduces timing sign-off runtime and compute costs by 5 to 10X. The adoption is swift as market-leading companies such as Broadcom, Juniper Networks, MediaTek, Renesas Electronics and Samsung Electronics have already deployed HyperScale in their signoff and tape-out flows. The sharing of physical sign-off algorithms from IC Validator, natively inside IC Compiler II, also greatly improves sign-off time as it minimizes physical design violations during, instead of after place and route. In custom/analog design, adoption of Custom Compiler is steadily progressing. In Q1, a market-leading mobile fabless company deployed Custom Compiler on multiple 7 nanometer designs, while a large semiconductor IDM is replacing our competition for the design of a growing number of custom IP blocks. Now to verification, where our platform vision and technology execution have yielded excellent business and market share growth. Verification is a showcase of our broader Synopsys Silicon to Software vision. Our focus is squarely on the greatest enabler of the IoT/Smart Everything age: the intersection of hardware and software verification. The center of our offering is our VCS simulator franchise. The product is not only doing well business-wise, but also delivering great new technology advances. During the quarter, we announced the roll out of massive parallelism natively integrated in the next release of VCS. Advanced customer-partners are already experiencing substantial performance boosts as this technology further cements our commitment to best-in-class verification products. Our hardware-based ZeBu emulation and HAPS prototyping had another strong quarter as well. The combination of increasing customer demand and our ability to deliver the fastest solution on the market today, gives us confidence that our verification business will do very well again this year. On to our IP products, where we continue to deliver strong results and gain customer recognition. Strength was across the board, with notable wins in 7 nanometer and continued momentum in IoT. A major Chinese customer selected Synopsys for a wide range of IP for their 7 nanometer designs. TSMC certified our area-optimized USB 2.0 solution for IoT for its 40 nanometer Ultra Low Power process. The ARC SEM security processor won the Linley Group’s best processor IP award for 2016, based on power/performance efficiency, as well as unique security features. Our IP group is growing well. This is the result of more than 15 years of investment and hard work, yielding an unmatched portfolio of high-quality, trustworthy IP products. These characteristics are particularly important in the expanding automotive space – a key focus segment for Synopsys, touching our IP, EDA and software security portfolios. Our customer base in automotive continues to widen, including new semiconductor companies as well as OEMs and noted Tier 1 suppliers. In Q1, a high-profile automotive semiconductor company adopted our test solution for use in mixedsignal automotive ICs to enable ISO 26262 compliance. Their ICs are for safety-critical systems and therefore require in-system and power-on self-test to comply with the standard. Key elements of our EDA, IP and Software Integrity portfolio are now certified for the most stringent level of automotive safety measures defined by the ISO 26262 standard. Which naturally leads me to our Software Integrity group. Succinctly stated, our focus is to provide products and services to build security and quality into the software development lifecycle and across the entire cyber supply chain. Clearly, security challenges are only increasing, but so is the recognition that finding and fixing security vulnerabilities must be addressed vigorously while developing the software. That means high-quality code-checking long before the software gets deployed is a must. For example, Online Trust Alliance, a well-known industry organization, states that 100% of recently reported IoT vulnerabilities could have been easily avoided if manufacturers and developers took security and privacy measures into account throughout the development process. Our strategy is to: First, broaden and deploy our Software Sign-off Platform. Second, accelerate our penetration of key verticals in both the embedded and enterprise spaces. And third, drive demand creation, with services, ecosystem partners, and certification projects. While it’s early, we are making great progress: 8 of the top 10 software companies in the world are now Synopsys customers; So are 7 of the top 10 automotive OEMs; And, illustrating the TAM-broadening potential for Synopsys, so are 16 of the top 20 commercial banks in the world. Having greatly tuned our channel in fiscal 2016, we continue to invest in this promising business. In Q1, we launched a new version of our static analysis tool with enhanced security for mobile and web applications. It’s designed to help provide enterprise-level security analysis and broad programming language support necessary to address today’s many evolving application security demands. In Q1, we further broadened our language coverage, by adding support for Fortran through a small acquisition. While arguably an older language, it’s a very important legacy component in many oil and energy systems. And, of course, in Q1 we closed the acquisitions of Cigital and Codiscope, a pivotal move to expand our market through a services arm that lets us reach and engage with higher-level decision makers at a broad set of customers. We see Synopsys and Cigital as an ideal combination: Synopsys leads with best-in-class products; Cigital with high-expertise services. Synopsys has a very strong presence in the embedded space, including automotive, medical devices and IoT; Cigital is a leader in serving enterprise customers, with particular strength in financial services. Synopsys is eminently engineering-centric, while Cigital brings a demand creation element, with customer touchpoints earlier in the security strategy development process. Thus far, the integration is proceeding well, and we had our first taste of the potential of the combination just this week at RSA, the world’s largest security conference, where Synopsys highlighted the most comprehensive software security solution available today. In summary, we exceeded expectations in Q1 for an excellent start to fiscal 2017, and we’re raising our full-year guidance. We’re seeing very good momentum with our EDA platforms, continued strength in our IP portfolio, and good growth in Software Integrity as we continue to invest and broaden our TAM in this very promising emerging market. Let me now turn the call over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. I’m very pleased with our strong start to the year. In Q1, we continued to build on our momentum from 2016 as we achieved financial results that exceeded our expectations across all key metrics. We posted double-digit revenue and earnings growth, expanded operating margins, and generated considerable cash flow. In addition, we returned $100 million to shareholders in the form of buybacks. Based on our excellent Q1 performance and confidence in the rest of the year, we are raising our 2017 outlook for revenue, earnings, and cash flow. Now to the numbers: As I talk through the results and targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 15% to $653 million, with strong results across the entire product portfolio. The upside relative to our target range was due mostly to timing of hardware sales and IP consulting deliverables. 90% of revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue. The weighted average license duration was approximately 2.8 years, and we expect the 2017 average to be about 3 years. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $556 million, which includes a restructuring charge of $12 million, part of our plan to align resources to position the company for long-term growth. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $477 million, slightly below our target range. Q1 non-GAAP operating margin was 27%, driven by strong top-line growth and better-than expected expenses. For the year, we expect solid margin expansion over 2016 when the modest dilution from Cigital and Codiscope is excluded. GAAP earnings per share were $0.56. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.94, above our target range, due to strong operational execution and the timing of hardware and IP revenue. We generated $47 million in operating cash flow, even with the outflows from our 2016 annual incentive compensation payments. Collections were very strong, reflecting some large payments that came in earlier than expected. We are raising our 2017 target to a range of $500 to $520 million. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $966 million, with 16% onshore, and total debt of $320 million. In Q1, we returned $100 million to shareholders through our stock buyback program. In 2017, we intend to slightly reduce share count, and we have $335 million remaining on our current authorization. Now to the quarter and fiscal 2017 guidance. For Q2, the targets are: Revenue between $665 and $680 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $560 and $579 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $507 and $517 million; other income between negative $1 and $1 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 152 million and 155 million; GAAP earnings of $0.51 to $0.59 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.85 to $0.88 per share. For 2017: revenue of $2.58 billion to $2.61 billion, a growth rate of 6.5% to 8%; other income between $2 million and $6 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 152 million and 155 million; GAAP earnings of $2.01 to $2.12 per share; we’re raising the mid-point of our non-GAAP earnings target range by $0.04 to $3.21 to $3.26 per share. Capital expenditures of about $100 million; and cash flow from operations of $500 to $520 million. As we look to the remainder of 2017, we now expect total revenue to be skewed to the first half of the year due to the timing of hardware and other deliverables. As a result, non-GAAP earnings per share will be higher in the first half. Investors should expect continued quarterly variability in revenue due to the growth of our hardware business and its upfront revenue recognition. In summary, in Q1, we delivered double-digit growth in revenue and earnings, and generated solid cash flow. Based on our excellent Q1 performance, strong Q2 outlook, and confidence in the rest of the year – we are raising our 2017 outlook for revenue, earnings, and cash flow. Lastly, we will continue to manage the business for the long-term benefit of shareholders through an appropriate combination of investing in the business to drive sustainable earnings growth and returning capital to shareholders in the form of stock buybacks. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll go to Gary Mobley with Benchmark Company. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on a strong start to the year. Let’s start out with sort of the order or magnitude of your guidance for 2017. You beat in first quarter by almost $15 million. You’re raising the midpoint of your guide by $10 million for the full year and your full year guidance implies that the second half of the year is nearly 5% lower than the first half, where typically it’s normally the inverse of that. Is that sequence of fiscal year quarters purely a function of up-front hardware revenue recognition? Or are you simply trying to be a little bit conservative as we start out the year?
Trac Pham: Hi, Gary, this is Trac. You’re heading the right direction. Certainly when we entered the year our plan was, from a revenue perspective, certainly skewed more in the second half versus the first half of the year. What we’re seeing in Q1 and what we’re seeing in our outlook for Q2 is that the profile of both hardware and IP has skewed towards the front half. So that’s affecting the profile. Overall we still feel – in fact feel better about our outlook for revenue this year despite that profile.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Aart, we’ve seen some re-acceleration in semiconductor sales after what has been basically three flat years in overall semiconductor sales. I think we are now topping year-over-year to the tune of close to 10%. So outside of any of the impact from consolidation in the industry, are you seeing a more buoyant environment as it relates to IP and EDA licensing? Or is it still status quo with EDA revenue expected to grow somewhere in the neighborhood of 2% to 4%?
Aart de Geus: In general, when the customers feel that they have a good year, everybody is a little bit more pleasant to deal with, as you would expect. At the same time, I’ve said many, many times that the growth rate of the semiconductor industry in aggregate over multi-years is really about 4% to 4.5%. The fact that from different years there can be big swings, is more a function of individual product lines and rhythms within the buying market than anything else. Nonetheless, though, I think if there is one positive I would take out of this, is that the predictions that we’ve made now for of a number of years that electronics would bring about a wave of new opportunities through this whole notion of a smart everything, you can also call it machine learning or digital intelligence, is starting to become visible. I think that is very exciting because if you have something that’s a little bit smart, the one thing you want it is to be smarter. And one way to make it to smarter is to give it more compute power. We can see that the pressure and the push for advanced nodes is very solidly driving this notion forward and it’s becoming increasingly real. All you have to look at is how immensely powerful automatic driving cars are, and yet how immensely far they still have to go before you can completely trust them. That’s all good news for us. It’s in that context that the combination of hardware is getting better leads to software that is much more performance. That leads to applications that really, I think, will wow us in the years to come. I think there is a little bit of that in this picture as well.
Gary Mobley: Thank you for that. That’s it for me. Thanks.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: We’ll go to Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. I’d like to sort of revisit the question about the front half loading of the year, in particular on the hardware side. I think when you entered fiscal 2017, or at least on the last call, you talked about how you’re taking a cautious stance with respect hardware because of the difficulty in predicting sort of the timing and magnitude of hardware in a given year. Now that it looks like you’ve got the year pretty well set with a very strong first half, curious what your thoughts are on the second half. Might that come in stronger? Or do you feel like you’ve kind of got the funnel pretty well set and you wouldn’t really expect the second half hardware funnel to sort of build up further from here?
Aart de Geus: In many ways you answered your own question. You said at the beginning of the year we were cautious because we felt it was fairly difficult to predict a part of the hardware waves. And you were right because we have not predicted such a strong Q1; and the fact that Q2 is a strong follow up is only encouraging. But it’s also true that we want to remain cautious. That when you look at in aggregate, raising a year is a big year when you do better early in the year, but many things can happen. There’s no indication of bad news, it’s just that we are digesting the good news, I think, at a slightly slower clip than being too aggressive.
Rich Valera: Thank you. That’s helpful. I wanted to talk about the software integrity business. One, you’ve had close to a quarter of having the acquisitions under your belt. I wanted to get your impressions of how they are fitting in and how they are integrating in. And then just talk about where you are in your sort of longer-term goal of creating this software signoff platform and what other pieces, if there really are any meaningful pieces that you think you’d need to get to that goal?
Aart de Geus: Sure. I think we have – it was close about halfway in the quarter. So far, the integration is, on both sides, a lot of learning while making sure that we continue to execute well. And I can state that the execution appears to be on track based on the plans that they have. But the opportunity really is how does, in this case, one plus one really be more than two, in that the services can help accelerate a broader adoption of the tools. Because the services tend to interact with high levels, in the strategic levels, in a company. And how can the tools be a wonderful add-on to a service business that is already quite performance in some of the market segments, most notably the financial services market segment. Having said that, I don’t want to minimize at all the challenge of that learning because Synopsys fundamentally has been a product Company more than service Company. We, of course, have a very large support force that service requires a certain set of behaviors. We are step-by-step broadening the Cigital capability on a world-wide basis, which is a great opportunity, and at the same time making sure that both teams are well educated on the offerings that we have. I think we are well on track to create something that is stronger again. That belief is bolstered somewhat by the fact that the non-Cigital part of Synopsys, of SIG, did well again. And I think we have alluded to that the last few conference calls, that the predictability of that business, the number of large deals, was on a very good track. And so that gives us a degree of solidity that gave us additional courage to make this move.
Rich Valera: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you, Aart.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: We have a question from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: Yes. Good afternoon. Maybe one more question on the linearity of the year. What is the current –what are the current lead times for some of the hardware systems that you have? And how long ahead of time do you typically get those orders?
Aart de Geus: Well. The lead times really at this point in time are only a marginal issue because typically we can execute within a quarter or so. Now of course if an order comes in late e in the quarter then typically it would not have much impact revenue-wise in that quarter. Regarding the linearity, of course I understand that many of you are trying to handicap how good the rest of the year looks. I think what we’re fundamentally communicating is that our guidance at the beginning of the year turned out to be more conservative than the first quarter delivered and therefore we made some changes. But we are maybe a conservative Company, or fundamentally we try to execute to what we say we will do. And that’s why after the first quarter we don’t want to change guidance too much. Having said that, run rates grew again. I think we have many customers that are actually quite interested in the emulation part of the business, in the prototyping part of the business, because they’re going more and more into the hardware-software part of the space that determines their time to market. And so it’s well possible that the second half of the year turns out to be strong. It’s just that we don’t have visibility to that. Yes.
Tom Diffely: Okay, that sounds good. And then you had some comments earlier about your simulator coming online here pretty soon. Does that close the gap at all with the emulator? Or is it still a very distinct market for each of those?
Aart de Geus: These are quite distinct markets because they have different catches both in speed but also in the ability to debug and look at things. At the same time, one of the very strengths that our verification platform has, is that it can be used very much as a continuum. Meaning that one can do parts of the design in the VCS software simulator, one can do part of it in emulation or in the prototyping boards. And we will continue on that track, because if we can execute well on that, while each one of these products from version to version will get faster again and higher capacity, the fact that they work well together is actually an asset for Synopsys.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Great. When I look out a few years, in my mind the big drivers, digital drivers of IP, the China IoT market, automotive and software integrity. Curious if you think those are the three biggest drivers that you have and the relative strength do you think of each?
Aart de Geus: Well. As you were listing them, I kept thinking about all the other products that are positively impacted too. Because while things like IoT, machine learning, automotive are going growing very rapidly, they pull with them an unbelievable need for more capacity and everything that connects to the cloud, to a massive amount of computing and therefore the bandwidth and the storage that goes with that. I think that is why, as much as a lot of people call this the age of internet of things, the internet of things is almost more a catalyst to growth in all of these other dimension than anything else. Now if you look at our products, there is no question that some of the products that have done particularly well happened to touch the areas that you mentioned. And so IT is particularly relevant in people that want to very quickly do complex systems where they don’t want to build all the blocks themselves. And our IP blocks have literally been honed over many, many years and are constantly pushing the state-of-the-art. I mentioned already the verification of this intersection between hardware and software. For us the promise of the software space, we originally got into that by realizing that software complexity was starting to rival hardware complexity, and that the penalty for errors was rapidly moving up. Penalty for errors in hardware has always been high. Software, as I said, you could get away with patches. But that’s not the case when the software drives things of very high value all the way to cars and human lives and so on. And so you amend that with the very fact that there is a world of hacking that really with nothing good in mind. You can see that the need for high degrees of discipline in the software space is a necessity, even if it will take some time before development flows get there. And so that is the mission that we are on. While this is a new market, it’s particularly rewarding now as we start to see that we are interacting with companies that literally five years ago we would never have dreamed of talking to. And we’re talking insurance companies, health companies, banking consortia, and so on. And these are all people that use software and use it in the context of very high-value propositions. So they need to be safe and they need to be efficient.
Tom Diffely: Okay, great. Trac, when you look at some of these new drivers for the Company, does that fundamentally change the model over the next few years as they become a bigger percentage of the overall mix?
Trac Pham: The emulation, Tom?
Tom Diffely: Like software integrity.
Trac Pham: Oh, software integrity.
Tom Diffely: Yes.
Trac Pham: Certainly, as we – and that’s factored into the overall mix. We’ve talked about that segment growing in the 20% to 25% range we are cognizant of how that grows as an overall mix. And so when we talk about the long-term growth rates and earnings growth rate, that’s factored in.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then finally, when you look at some of the impressive numbers you have, 19 of the 20 top semiconductor guys for placement, how much of those positions are sold positions versus shared positions with other employers?
Aart de Geus: For many, many decades most positions have always been shared in various ways. There are a few that are sole positions or there are a few that where one or the other company is massively dominant. But we are in field where constant advances are constantly being explored. And we have been very fortunate to do very well in this. But our investment continues to be at the high speed and to race forward. Customers will look at anything that helps them but they are also increasingly benefiting from the collaboration that comes out of fairly deep long-term relationships. Yes.
Tom Diffely: All right. Thanks for your time today.
Aart de Geus: You’re most welcome.
Operator: We’ll go to Krish Sankar with BofA Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes, so thanks for taking my question. I had a couple of number one hard to track. If you look at your last quarter, did your EDA software revenue come down year-over-year? I’m trying to figure out, because given we’ve been talking quite a bit about digital share gains and I’m trying to see if that is actually impacting the numbers quite yet. Can you talk a little bit about the competitive situation and if EDA software revenue is down? And then I had a follow-up.
Trac Pham: Krish, revenue is actually up. When you look at the year-over-year comparison on a trailing 12-month basis, it’s actually up very healthfully, 8.5% year-over-year and then 6% on a trailing 12-month basis.
Krish Sankar: Okay, all right. And then can you talk a little bit about the competitive situation you are having?
Aart de Geus: Well, in general, we compete intensely for this market that continues to push hard and in some cases accelerate their need for technical advances. And so as you know, there are not that many players in our field. And so it’s a healthy and good thing that we are both pushing hard. Synopsis has had the benefit of having a portfolio that is both well-anchored and quite complete and increasingly very well integrated in platforms that are helpful for the customers time to market and risk reduction. All of these are probably statements that some of our competitors would make about themselves as well. And we never underestimate them, but we are both providing tools that are sort of similar to race cars, the faster they go, the better for the customer.
Krish Sankar: Got it. And then, can you give us an update on like – all this like FASB ruling that’s coming up, that’s being implemented next year? Looks like some software companies are moving away from ratable model, but the EDA companies and a few other security companies seems to be believing that the ratable change will not impact them. Can you tell us where you stand in that spectrum and what gives you confidence the ratable model will continue? Thank you.
Trac Pham: Hi, Krish. You’re referring to 606, the new revenue recognition rules. We have been working on this for a number of years and working closely with our auditors as well as the regulators. And first of all, let me remind you that this won’t take effect for us until FY2019, so there’s a lot of time for us to implement it. But right now, based on the work that we’ve done, we feel very confident that most of our ratable models should stay in place.
Krish Sankar: Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: We’ll go to Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead. Just one moment, thank you. Mr. Vleeschhouwer, we’ve got your line open, please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay, thank you. Aart, I’d like to ask you about future growth potential within specific parts of core EDA, but excluding hardware, and where you might possibly see some positive inflections. There are times when there are certain categories within EDA that foreseeably might grow or grow again. If you go back a few years, four or five years, it was fairly foreseeable that the PCB category would see a reinvestment or retooling cycle, which it went on to do for a number of years. You are not in that but just making a point about some predictability in this space. Implementation has seen some renewal, obviously, with ICC and Cadence’s business there. So when I think about your references to DC and VCS and signoff, those are for the industry altogether about $1 billion of total EDA revenue. So I’m wondering if, after a fair number of years of somewhat flat results in those categories, there might not be in any or all of those, some new inflection over the next number of years?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think at a macro level, if you look at all of these products taken together, they’re fundamentally anchored at least to a large portion, not entirely, in the semiconductor industry. Per an earlier question, notwithstanding the year-to-year differences, the semiconductor industry has had a fairly steady growth rate and with steady R&D expenditures, and therefore fairly steady EDA growth all in all. Within individual product groups, and especially when you connect them together in coherent platforms, there are actually very big changes in products in a matter of two to three years as on moves to the next generation. And these changes invariably are around finding a way to dramatically improve one of three characteristics. Either characteristics of the quality of results, meaning the power of the chips or the performance of the chips, or the time to results, meaning make the product run much faster, or the cost of results which is reduce the area of chips. These evolutions are not linear because often you work for two or three years on a set of profound algorithms and then suddenly it makes a difference. If you look at a little bit higher level, and this is where sort of intersects with the strategy for a Company, the big inflection points from my perspective have been the addition of the IP business to EDA. And this, of course, now already quite a number of years ago but now it is a significant portion of our business. I’ve alluded the last couple of years to the inflection that is coming with the addition of the software side of hardware-software. And it’s not a surprise that so many of the verification expenditures are increasingly focusing on that. And then we have predicted that the software side itself would go through this by virtue of the complexity growth. And so that is how we are looking at our opportunity space. And to the earlier question of how does our financial profile evolve, be it in growth and profitability, while we’re managing Synopsys as a portfolio of a number of specialty areas that are very related but somewhat independent in their growth spurts. And in large arrangements with customers, the allocation of the individual revenue streams can be somewhat fuzzy just by virtue of accommodating how the customer wants to look at it. I’m not sure I completely answered your question sharply, but I did give, I think, what I think are the big things that actually bode well for us for a number of years to come.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Second question with respect to software integrity. At the investor luncheon in New York back in October you made two interesting points about that business. Number one, that you were seeing or would expect to see more large deals in that business. So the question is if you are in fact beginning to see that? And secondly, that business would necessarily have a services component to support customers pre- and post-sale and so forth. You addressed that with the Cigital acquisition but the question is, do you think that makes you sufficiently capacious in services? Or do you think you need to do more building, organically or otherwise, in services to support the SI business?
Aart de Geus: Well, listening to my predictions through your mouth, I almost feel clairvoyant because indeed the deals did get larger. And that’s not surprising because this is the same history as EDA many years ago or many other fields where automation and verification takes hold. And yes, it takes hold faster with people that look forward and so on. But really it happens very often when people have a catastrophe or an issue to deal with. On the services side, you’re right, we mentioned that then. And to be honest, I don’t recall if we were completely engaged with Cigital at that point in time already. But we have felt for a while that the issues around security are so large that when you get the opportunity to talk to, let’s say, the CIO or CSO or CTO of a large Company, and they tell about all the security issues, the next answer is, well, we have this one product, why don’t you just buy some, feels pretty shallow. In that context, the Cigital acquisition was great because these are people that are accustomed and knowledgeable about reflecting the broader picture than advocating what is sort of a good approach for the Company to deal with it, while not necessarily pushing for individual products. But of course, now highlighting what we have. And so in that sense, I think that we will first learn how to run that business well. And assuming that goes well, my guess is that this will broaden more and more on a world-wide basis.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for taking my question. My first question is related to your recent law suit against ebiquity. And secondly, if you can talk about how big of issue is policy of software for you.
Aart de Geus: Well, if you don’t mind, we don’t want to talk about individual legal situations, so let me more generalize. From time to time we obviously see glaring cases of misuse of software. And we try to respond forcefully but gracefully to it. It is always better if we can guide a customer towards a healthy long-term solution, if I can call it that. Every thoughts and that’s more difficult and maybe legal situation is resulting from that. We’ve had a few of those in the past, they have been resolved, I think, professionally and positively. Let’s hope this yields the same.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. My second question is in regards to just the overall China market. Are you seeing like increased growth in – coming from China design companies? And just in relation to that, why isn’t your Asia-Pacific revenues as a percentage of mix not growing?
Aart de Geus: If you looked at our distribution of revenue over many, many years, you would see that Asia-Pac for decades has been growing substantially faster than other parts of the world. Asia-Pacific itself has multiple components and Taiwan and Korea have been big parts of that for many years. In the last number of years China has grown immensely, and of course the potential to continue to do so. Simultaneously, we know by virtue of having been in China since really the early 90s, how the competence of the engineering teams and the companies that have grown and some have merged and have grown again, have progressed quite superbly. And so in that sense, a number of companies that do state-of-the-art design in China just like anywhere else in the world. We have been very fortunate to be, I believe, the largest contributor to that from an EDA space point of view.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then my last question is on the competitive dynamics, Krish talked about it earlier. But just – can give us a sense of like where are we in terms of adoption of IC compilative? And do you think that can be a driver of share growth for you? And also if you can touch on the on the IC Compiler on the custom side.
Aart de Geus: IC Compiler II has seen, actually, an enormously rapid adoption rate which continues. And which is solidified more and more by the fact that we are also getting increasingly excellent results, especially when used in conjunction with some of our other tools. And so from that perspective, while I certainly don’t want to be negative on any other competitive products, we have a high degree of competence and confidence, I should say, in this product line and we expect it to continue to grow. Your second question was on Custom Compiler. There too, this is a smaller product, less visibility and typically a slower adoption rate by virtue of the longer history that people have in the custom space. And our focus has been primarily in the more advanced node, the FinFET technology. And we are seeing some very good adoption, especially in the last few quarters. So we will continue to watch this space.
Farhan Ahmad: Thank you. That’s all I have.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: We have a question from Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: This is Jason on for Monika. Thanks for take my questions. My first question relates to maintenance and service revenue. I’m showing that it’s up 20% quarter-over-quarter. Is there any reclassification of revenue in this?
Trac Pham: No, Jason. The maintenance and service line should reflect the strength in IP. And then, in this quarter when we completed the Cigital acquisition, that business should flow through that line as well.
Jason Celino: Great. Thank you. That’s helpful. And then my next question was to the stock buyback. How are you guys thinking about doing the rest of the $325 million for the rest of the year?
Trac Pham: As I said, we will look at what’s necessary to bring the share count down to the guidance range. And we continue to evaluate whether or not it’s expense to do an ASR or an open market. But that remains to be determined.
Jason Celino: Okay. And then my last question, with Siemens buying Mentor Graphics, have you seen any change in competitive dynamics in the market? Do you see competition increasing, decreasing because of the acquisition?
Aart de Geus: For starters we certainly don’t underestimate what the change can do for Mentor. I certainly can not say that we’ve seen an increase in competitiveness. But let’s see what the future brings. It’s a very capable Company with very capable products. Maybe if I can toot our own horn, I think that we are – we have very capable products too, and increasingly a lot of our top customers reflect on the strength of our platforms. And that will certainly be a continued angle for competitiveness in this regard.
Jason Celino: Great. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: We’ll go to Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mitch Steves: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. And I guess, I’m going to look at the linearity, not from a top-line perspective, but for operating margins here. Typically the back half you get a lot of operating margin expansion, so I’m wondering if you’re essentially saying that the operating margins will be down on a year-over-year basis in the back half.
Trac Pham: Hey, Mitch, this is Trac. It will vary quarter-to-quarter. We typically don’t see it necessarily increasing through the year. And it will vary depending on the profile of revenues and that could flow depending on hardware or IP services. And then throughout the year, what we’ll see is the change in variable comp as it – particularly on the commission side as it ramps up depending on shipments. So I would not interpret that as something – a longer-term trend.
Mitch Steves: Got it. And then one quick follow-up. On the IP business in your software investment, it should be growing materially higher than kind of the rest of the Company. So I’m curious if this means for the next couple of years here, that you will see revenue re-accelerate if it’s going to come down in the back half?
Aart de Geus: I’m not sure if we understood the question. You are saying that we will see the software business and the IP continue to grow well. And what was the question attached to that?
Mitch Steves: Right. So, essentially if the back half comes down low single-digits by the implied guide, will you then re-accelerate because of a much higher mix of essentially software assets and IP?
Aart de Geus: Well, if you’re referring to the profitability part, obviously these businesses as we grow them, we also have in place a discipline to make them gradually more profitable. And the question is always when you have something that grows very fast, is it better from a – both competitive position, growing the value of the Company over time, to push on growth or on profitability. That decision gets made sort of on a continual basis. But fundamentally we follow a belief system that says once a business starts to grow, it also has to increase it’s profitability. And so while the high-growth businesses are less profitable than the lower-growth businesses, in aggregate I think we’re actually in a very good balanced portfolio situation.
Trac Pham: Mitch, let me just add to Aart’s comments. I would not take the second half of the year and annualize it in any way or extrapolate off of that. We are very comfortable with the overall business and the growth that we said we’ve identified from core EDA, IP and software integrity. And those trends, I think, remain intact. They shift from the back half to the first half of the year is really the timing of the hardware and IP. But overall, I think you look at business over a multi-year trend, those growth rates that we previously communicated for each of the segments remain intact. Does that help?
Mitch Steves: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: And I’ll turn it back to our speakers. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Well, I guess we have reached the end of the hour. Again, thank you very much for attending the earnings call. We had a very strong quarter and we look forward to Q2 with a fairly high degree of confidence and a strong year as well. And as usual, we will be available for the after call phone calls. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference call will be made available for replay that begins today at 4 o’clock Pacific and runs for one week until February 22 at midnight Pacific. You can access the AT&T teleconference replay system by dialing, 1-800-475-6701, please enter the replay access code, 417535. International participants may dial 320-365-3844 with the replay access code 417535. Those instructions again are domestic 1-800-475-6701, international parties can dial 320-365-3844 with the replay access code 417535. And that concludes our teleconference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-12-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - Vice President, Investor Relations Aart De Geus - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch  Rich Valera - Needham & Company  Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Sterling Auty - JPMorgan  Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities  Gary Mobely - Benchmark
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal Year 2016. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, David. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart De Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’d like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets, and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect.  In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today’s earnings press release. We will also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, earnings press release and financial supplement that we released earlier today.  All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation, are available on our website at synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. Finally, please note that we issued a second press release this afternoon announcing the close of the acquisitions of Cigital and Codiscope. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Aart De Geus.
Aart De Geus: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. We’re happy to report a strong fourth quarter finish to an outstanding fiscal year for Synopsys, as we enter 2017 with a very solid foundation. We again delivered excellent financial results, while successfully balancing investments for the short and long term. We made very good progress in digital design and verification.  Our IP business delivered strong results, and we further scaled our Software Integrity solutions, including the acquisitions we announced earlier this month. Summarizing our financial results for the year: We delivered revenue of $2.42 billion, an 8% increase, reflecting strength across all product groups. We reported non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.02 or 9% growth. Our three-year backlog remained very strong at $3.54 billion. We generated $587 million in operating cash flow. We bought back $400 million of our stock and reduced share count. Building on our strong year-end position, and including the impact of the just-closed acquisitions, we’re setting a 2017 revenue target of $2.57 billion to $2.6 billion, a non-GAAP EPS objective of $3.16 to $3.23, reflecting high-single-digit organic growth with modest near-term dilution from the acquisitions, and an operating cash flow goal of approximately $500 million.  Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. As we head into 2017, we see varying technical and business dynamics for the three customer segments we serve, Semiconductors, Systems, and Software Developers across multiple industries. Semiconductor companies sell chips that they may or may not manufacture, and where design, verification, and in some cases, embedded software drive differentiation.  From a technology perspective, many push state-of-the-art silicon design non-stop. This means optimizing for performance, power, area, and yield using advanced manufacturing processes and pushing our tools to the limit. While the cost of Moore’s law is tightening the race, the quest for still more complex chips delivering still more performance continues.  At the same time, whether to drive efficiency through size or to scale up into vertical segments, some companies are divesting parts of their businesses or combining with others to better position themselves for the next wave of growth. While these consolidations initially are a headwind for the EDA industry, Synopsys has thus far successfully navigated some large M&A combinations in a number of cases even expanding our customer relationships.  Our multi-year business model, combined with our technology, platforms, and market leadership provides an excellent backdrop to help our customers through these transitions. System houses, which contribute about 40% of our revenue, develop products that incorporate multiple chips, their own or someone else’s, as well as their own or third party software. Their differentiation manifests itself in terms of product capabilities and time to market. This opportunity space is great, with exciting new applications such as digital intelligence, machine learning, smart IoT, 5G mobile networks, virtual and assisted reality, and massive cloud-based computing to name just a few.  Many of these are already visible in newly energized verticals such as automotive, industrial, and health. The challenges at the complex intersection of hardware and software are substantial, yet this is exactly where Synopsys excels. Finally, software developers in many industries grapple with acutely growing security vulnerabilities.  These exposures can have a dramatic impact on security, safety, and even health, with potentially staggering financial implications. We’re enthusiastic about the step-by-step scaling of our software integrity solutions, which is happening at just the right time to help these organizations take their security strategies to the next level. For Synopsys, our unique position reaching literally from Silicon to Software enables us to help all of these customers, and positions us well for high impact and growth in the years to come. In that context, let me provide you some highlights starting with the roots of Silicon. The push towards bringing smaller, faster, lower-power chips to market sooner is unrelenting, and FinFET technology continues to advance. Our FinFET-proven flow begins with the earliest TCAD and lithography simulation models, key enablers of Moore’s law. During FY 2016, we announced a new solution that brings TCAD into the up-stream research phase to help manufacturers reduce process development time.  We’re already involved in 3 nanometer and even initial 2 nanometer research. Our unique position in TCAD is a differentiator that grants us early understanding and access to key models, giving us a head start in terms of product readiness. As the clear leader in advanced FinFET design, we continue to see rapid adoption of 16, 14, 10 nanometer and test chips at 7 nanometer nodes.  The statistics are compelling. The cumulative number of completed FinFET designs is approaching 300, with Synopsys relied on for more than 95% of those chips. Meanwhile, 48 out of 49 leading-edge tape-outs at 10 nanometer and below are using our design tools.  During the year, we announced broad foundry certification, including from TSMC and Samsung for our digital and custom/analog tools at the most advanced processes. In digital design, IC Compiler II continues to proliferate and progress technically to help customers with their most advanced designs.  Leading adopters including Intel, Samsung, TSMC, Broadcom, NVIDIA, Qualcomm, Toshiba, Socionext, Infineon, and Huawei shared some of their most intriguing challenges and IC Compiler II successes during the year. It’s the fastest-ramping product in our history, including a record second half and has been used in approximately 250 production designs on over 25 different foundry processes.  In custom/analog design, this year we introduced a brand new product, Custom Compiler. The result of several years of development, it features an innovative approach that accelerates key part of design from weeks to days, targeted specifically at FinFET. While still in the early stages, it has generated considerable interest now converting into adoption by customers including ST, GSI Technologies, and AK Microdevices, with support from leading FinFET foundries.  Now to verification, an immense challenge that is only getting more difficult, with highly complex systems featuring sophisticated silicon and increasing amounts of embedded software. Our Verification Continuum platform, born out of an early vision and collaboration with our customers, is making a big impact. Built around the fastest simulation, emulation, and prototyping engines, it delivered an outstanding year of growth. We made great progress on all elements of the platforms and integration, yielding significant competitive displacements in leading customers. One example was a major enterprise-level partnership and expanded commitment to Synopsys by one of the world’s top mobile semiconductor companies. This year we also unveiled a breakthrough innovation, enabling massive parallelism to speed up our franchise VCS simulation product.  In addition, the SpyGlass technology from Atrenta has exceeded our expectations. Our hardware verification product had a very strong year, with record orders for our ZeBu emulation and HAPS prototyping solutions. We’re the fastest-growing emulation vendor in the industry. An excellent example of our momentum is NXP, which selected Synopsys as its primary SoC verification and emulation solution for its next-generation automotive, secure connectivity, and smart connected products.  In IP, we saw growing business momentum through the year and significantly expanded our portfolio and vertical market reach. We’re seeing very good demand for our comprehensive interface IP portfolio. Continuously at the forefront of new standard development, we offer customers high-quality titles, as soon as a new standard is released. TSMC recognized us as Interface IP Partner of the Year for the sixth year in a row, and we were named SMIC’s Interface Vendor of the Year for the third year straight.  We were first to market with the new USB Type C, and are the only IP company with USB 3.1 certification. We delivered the latest PCI Express 4.0 IP, targeting advanced data-intensive cloud computing applications. We continue to drive the state-of-the-art in the most advanced nodes, winning several important 10 and 7 nanometer projects. Lastly, our embedded vision solution provides a leading-edge, and easy-to-use, processor/neural network combo that leverages machine learning, one of the hottest applications out there. Another key focus for us not only in IP, but across our entire Silicon to Software product spectrum, is automotive. We’ve expanded our automotive portfolio, and in FY 2016 made accelerated progress. We delivered several advancements for next-generation automated driving and infotainment, including our newest embedded vision processor. We drove key design wins at major automotive semiconductor companies, thanks to having grown the broadest portfolio of automotive-certified IP in the industry.  Enabling software development 15 months prior to silicon, we delivered our virtual prototyping solution to a leading supplier of driver assistance systems. We also signed a large agreement with a leading U.S. automotive OEM. Our digital and custom design tools added new design and analysis capabilities focused on ensuring the extreme reliability required for automotive applications.  Key tools throughout our EDA, IP, and Software Integrity portfolio are certified for the most stringent level of automotive safety measures defined by the ISO 26262 safety standard. Our focus on automotive software security is becoming increasingly well-known. In fact, we’ve teamed up with leading OEMs, Tier 1s and semiconductor companies to drive software cybersecurity standards for automotive through SAE, the Society of Automotive Engineers.  Our reach continues to expand to include new entrants, as well as traditional leaders such as Bosch, Delphi, and Continental. Stay tuned for continued product advances and new technology milestones this year.  Next, to our Software Integrity group, which provides products and services to build quality and security into the software development lifecycle and across the cyber supply chain. Building on the acquisition of Coverity a couple of years ago, we’ve added key technologies both organically and via acquisition, while simultaneously unifying the sales organization.  Our go-forward strategy is three-fold. First, continue to broaden and deploy our Software Sign-off Platform as the foundation of our offering. Second, accelerate our penetration of key verticals in both the embedded and enterprise spaces. And third, drive demand creation, with ecosystem partners, certification projects, and services.  To that end, we just today completed the acquisitions of Cigital, which specializes in security consulting services, and Codiscope, a spinoff of Cigital with related developer tools. We’re very excited about this combination, as it will accelerate our ability to reach customers and expand our market in new segments. The companies are strategically aligned with a shared vision, and bring complementary elements to the table.  Synopsys leads with best-in-class products. Cigital attacks security problems from a service angle. Synopsys has a very strong presence in the embedded space, including automotive, medical devices and IoT. Cigital is a leader in serving enterprise customers, with particular strength in financial services. And finally, Cigital brings a demand creation element, with customer touch points earlier in the security strategy development process of our customers.  Cigital and Synopsys are both named in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for application security testing. In this highly fragmented, emerging market, the combination will enable us to provide the most comprehensive portfolio available in the market today. From an overall company financial perspective, our primary long-term objective remains to drive high-single-digit non-GAAP earnings-per-share growth on a multi-year basis, through a mix of the following: One, grow traditional EDA revenue generally in the low-to-mid single digit range; Two, grow revenue in IP/Systems and Software Integrity generally in the low double-digits; Three, actively explore TAMexpanding R&D and M&A opportunities; Four, focus on global operational efficiency to deliver solid non-GAAP operating margin in the mid-20s range; And five, optimize the use of our strong cash flow, through a balance of stock buybacks, M&A, and debt repayment. While the results in any given period may vary, based on acquisitions or other near-term priorities, our long-term driving principles remain consistent. To summarize, Synopsys delivered another excellent year, even in the context of a challenging semiconductor landscape. In terms of both total and EDA-related revenue growth, we outpaced the competition in 2016. We continue to invest in the short-and long-term, organically and via acquisitions, operationally and with share buybacks, all to drive long-term shareholder value. Lastly, we’re making good progress in building our software security platform and market segment position.  Let me now turn the call over to Trac.
Trac Pham : Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. As I reflect on the past year, I’m pleased with our results. We again delivered on our near-term financial goals, while investing for sustainable long-term growth. This strategy is paying off. Our EDA and IP solutions are doing well, offering a combination of healthy growth and profitability.  We’re also building out a new, higher-growth software security platform, which is gaining critical mass. This diverse product and customer portfolio positions us very well, and supports our near-and-long term objective of driving high-single-digit non-GAAP EPS growth.  In 2016, we achieved substantially better financial results than we originally anticipated. The entire Synopsys team executed very well, and Q4 was a strong finish to an outstanding year. We delivered high-single-digit revenue and non-GAAP earnings growth, and generated significant operating cash flow. We bought back $400 million of stock to reduce the share count. And earlier this month we announced two acquisitions to further scale our software security platform. We enter 2017 with a solid foundation and are confident in our ability to achieve our financial objectives. Now to the numbers. As I talk through the results and targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. We delivered total revenue of $634 million in Q4 and $2.42 billion for the year, an annual growth rate of 8%. There was strength across all product groups, including record hardware sales. Over 90% of Q4 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for more than 10% of Q4 and 2016 revenue.  The weighted average license duration was approximately 2.7 years for the quarter and 3 years for 2016. We expect the 2017 average to be about 3 years. Our three-year backlog remains strong at $3.54 billion, and reflects good business growth and the timing of large contract renewals.  Importantly, approximately 80% of our 2017 revenue target is already in hand, which provides stability and predictability. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $551 million for the quarter and $2.1 billion for the year. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $488 million for the quarter and $1.85 billion for the year.  2016 expenses increased due largely to higher costs associated with employee compensation, acquisitions, and cost of goods sold for hardware sales. We delivered solid non-GAAP operating margins, 22.9% for the quarter and 23.5% for the year. GAAP earnings per share were $0.47 in Q4 and $1.73 for the year.  Non-GAAP earnings were $0.77 in Q4 and $3.02 for the year, an annual growth rate of 9%. We generated $148 million of operating cash flow for the quarter and $587 million for the year. We exceeded our original 2016 target due to strong collections and business levels throughout the year.  We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of $1.1 billion with 15% onshore and total debt of $205 million. Earlier this week, we renewed and expanded our credit facility to $650 million and took out a $150 million term loan, providing excellent flexibility to support our strategic goals.  In 2016, we used about 80% of our free cash flow for buybacks. As a result, we reduced share count by 3.3 million shares, and intend to slightly reduce it again in 2017. We have $435 million remaining on our current authorization. Operating cash flow is expected to be strong in 2017, with a target of approximately $500 million, even with an outflow associated with the recent acquisitions. We expect the quarterly profile to be similar to prior years, with a net outflow during Q1, driven largely by 2016 annual incentive compensation payments.  Before moving onto 2017 guidance, let me briefly comment on some of the details of the Cigital and Codiscope acquisitions, which were funded using a combination of U.S. cash and debt. They are expected to be modestly dilutive to 2017 non-GAAP EPS, and reach breakeven on a non-GAAP basis by the second half of 2018.  Now to first quarter and fiscal 2017 guidance which includes the impact of Cigital and Codiscope. For Q1, the targets are: revenue between $630 and $645 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $540 and $558 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $485 and $495 million; other income between $0 and $2 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 152 million and 155 million; GAAP earnings of $0.43 to $0.50 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.77 to $0.80 per share.  For 2017, revenue of $2.57 billion to $2.6 billion, a growth rate of 6% to 7%. Keep in mind as you model 2017, that hardware sales add variability to revenue, driven by the timing of customer requirements and shipments. Other income between $0 and $4 million; A non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 152 million and 155 million; GAAP earnings of $1.92 to $2.06 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $3.16 to $3.23 per share, high-single-digit growth when the modest dilution from Cigital and Codiscope is excluded; capital expenditures of about $100 million; and cash flow from operations of approximately $500 million.  To help in your modeling, we expect second half revenue to be slightly higher than the first half, with Q4 the largest revenue quarter; total non-GAAP expenses to skew slightly toward the second half of the year; and second half non-GAAP EPS to be slightly higher than the first half, with Q2 the lowest EPS quarter. In summary, we continue to evolve our company to maximize long-term shareholder value. Our active diversification and investment strategies are working. We delivered very solid growth in revenue and profitability, and significant cash flow in 2016. We returned $400 million to shareholders in the form of buybacks. And we made the appropriate investments to drive sustainable, high-single-digit, non-GAAP EPS growth.  With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Alright, are we ready for questions?
Trac Pham: We are.
Operator: Alright. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Krish Sankar. Please go ahead sir.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for taking my question, I had a few of them. Aart, number one, if I look at the annual backlog, it was down almost 2% year-over-year, even though the duration went up, can you just help us reconcile that? And then I have a few other questions.
Aart De Geus: Sure. Backlog is completely dependent on the timing of the very large deals, and given that we have a number of large customers that do multi-year deals, typically backlog will tend to go down until it goes back up. And so, from our perspective actually this turned out to be a very strong backlog year, and so we are very well on track with this.
Krish Sankar: Alright. And then the next one is, in terms of your Cigital and Codiscope acquisition, should we assume the revenue generated from that is roughly like $100 million for FY 2017? And along the same path, is this going to be similar to the Coverity from a few years ago where it’s probably $0.10 dilutive the first year and then turns accretive like a year and a half down the road?
Trac Pham: Hi Krish, this is Trac. Yes, Coverity did do about a $100 million for this year as we had expected. As far as Cigital and Codiscope I would model that roughly at half that business, and although it’s modestly dilutive to 2017, we do expect it to be accretive by second half of 2018.
Krish Sankar: Alright. And then, final question of my end is can you give us an update on how your digital landscape is shaping up, because one of your biggest competitors seems to have some pretty good wins or penetrations on the digital side, which has kind of been your strongest forte for several years. So, I want to find out what you guys are doing on that segment in trying to protect your market share. Thank you.
Aart De Geus: Well, in general the digit space is strong for us because the complexity that comes with chips with many more transistors and simultaneously fairly difficult to achieve performance and power objectives, demands the utilization of sophisticated tools, and this ranges by the way from the synthesis to the place & routes to older tools that are around that including of course all the verification tools as well. So, in that space, we have seen very good results, it is very competitive at any point in time, but we are also seeing that our technology this year has really strengthened substantially. So, this has been a very strong year, especially second half and as we enter into 2017 we feel that we are in a good position.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. I just want to follow up on the backlog question. Aart, you said it was actually quite a strong year from a backlog perspective or presumably a bookings perspective, were you referring to sort of bookings run rate? Just wondered what you meant by that statement.
Aart De Geus: Well, our run rate is up periods, but when we look at bookings there is some years that have more, some years that have fewer large transactions and most of those are somewhat predictable in terms of their timing because of course they have on average about a three-year cycle, and so if in any given year, let’s say for argument sake you have one or two larger transactions that were to happen at the same time that in that year you would see the backlog spike up substantially and then consequently in the next two years after that by a natural utilization of the backlog. If I can call it that, you would see a decline. And so, against that complete understanding of where these things are, our statement is we had a very good year and we are in a very solid position in terms of the backlog that we have enhanced for predictability for 2017 for example.
Rich Valera: Got it. So for the deals you did book this year that were scheduled to book, you were pleased with the run rates of those deals, but there's some large multi-year deals out there that obviously didn't happen in this year. Got it.
Aart De Geus: Yes. And were not intended to happen in 2016, right.
Rich Valera: Right. That makes sense. And then, with respect to hardware, you had a pretty high level of upfront revenue again this quarter relative to historical presumably driven by hardware. Still thinking about the model in the same way, that was sort of 10% or less is still the target model going forward?
Aart De Geus: Yes this is roughly the target model we are moving forward with. And 2016 was very strong in terms of hardware, and so you never quite know exactly when the hardware comes in because it tends to be lumpy, but there’s no question that from a technology point of view we have any solid situation and there’s also no question that fundamentally all kinds of acceleration techniques in hardware are necessary for many of the very complex hardware software products that are coming to market. So, I think it’s going to continue to be a good area for all of the EDA vendors and specifically for us also.
Trac Pham: Hi Rich this is Trac, for modeling purposes you should feel comfortable that we will maintain the 90/10 model.
Rich Valera: Got it that makes sense. And then, for emulation, I think a quarter ago you mentioned - with hardware in general, a quarter ago you had mentioned not to get maybe too excited about extrapolating the growth you were seeing in hardware this year into next year. I'm wondering what in the end you decided to bake into the fiscal 2017 guidance with respect to hardware. Can you give us any sense of how you're thinking about that business on a year-over-year basis as we move into 2017?
Aart De Geus: Yes, I think that we are not too excited at the beginning of the year apply to Synopsys pretty much every year. We are by nature cautious as we look forward, but at the same time we do not see any decreasing demand for the technology, and so it may be spiky from one year to another. But fundamentally, it's a good business that we expect to continue to see good results in.
Rich Valera: Got it. Thanks very much, gentlemen.
Aart De Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you, good evening. Aart, let me start with you with regard to the semiconductor consolidation effect and how that all played out over the last year or so. So, thinking back to a year, year and a half ago, you and your peers were quite apprehensive when that first wave of mergers were announced and you were quite concerned about what the adverse effects might be on EDA, and now as it turns out, it perhaps wasn't so adverse after all, at least not as much as you might have thought sometime back. So what didn't happen is the question, in terms of what you had originally been apprehensive about that turned out not to be the case. And to the extent there is further semi-consolidations that we're not quite done with that. Do you think that in the future, such consolidation might be the same, not so terrible after all kind of outcome?
Aart De Geus: Well you know, I would almost like to start with what did happen and I think this is a statement that’s probably true for the entire EDA industry, we worked really hard in light of seeing this happen. On the side of what did not happen is there was certainly no slowdown from a technology point of view. And so as much as these consolidations to some degree are set-up to try to reduce the overall cost equation for these companies, more often than not rather than getting the cost reductions what they do is spend the money immediately on just doing more demanding products and taking advanced technologies because they still want to differentiate themselves.  And so we’re fortunate enough at Synopsys to be positioned very close to the leading edge. Those are people that with or without consolidation they want to be differentiated and that’s how we balance things. In my preamble and I’m sure I must have used the same words a number of times in earnings releases in the past, I would say well you know, a consolidation is momentarily a headwind, but in the long term these companies are morphing or merging because they want to attack a new market and there’s no question that if you look at the overall high-tech horizon that electronics plus software combined in the next decade will have profound impact, how it manifests itself for these companies while that is precisely what they’re raising towards. And so I think we are part of this race one way or another even if during a merger the mandates from the top 10 to be safe money. The mandates then pretty quickly shift to become more differentiated and that’s where we are playing. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Would you be willing to speculate on what the possible competitive effects might be seeing potential - pending, rather, acquisition of Mentor. Is it simply a matter of a new, much larger owner pouring money into R&D and/or sales that might incrementally make a competitive difference or how do you think about what the effects might ultimately be?
Aart De Geus: Yes, the word speculation is not really part of our vocabulary, I think in this context. I think the only positive is that this acquisition shows the value of EDA and I think hopefully it reflects well on all of us.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : All right. Wrapping up for me on the technology side, it became increasingly apparent earlier this year that Synopsys was incrementally investing in design compiler. Well of course you’ve always invested in it, but it looks like you were doing it incrementally. And to the extent that the synthesis market has been by and large sideways for the last number of years, what is it that you are aiming for with respect to the incremental investments in D.C? Do you think that there could be some new wave of growth at least for you in that part of the market?
Aart De Geus: I think if I look back at our - the entire history of Synopsys, which by the way in three weeks will be 30 years believe it or not, if there’s one thing that we take some pride in is that for the vast majority 80%, 90% of our products we have in all these years always been at the state-of-the-art.  Now to stay at the state-of-the-art when you have that rate of change underneath implies a continual rotation of investments from one product to the other and from time-to-time there are bigger steps in many situations it’s just constant delivery of new capabilities and so this is true for our entire portfolio and that certainly includes the synthesis, it includes the timing, it includes the power optimizations, the place & route, etcetera, and so it should not be a surprise that we invest in these tools that are absolutely central to a modern digital design.  I mean these are the type of tools that has made the Moore’s Law possible from a design perspective. And with our third decade finishing or not, the fourth decade is absolutely aimed at technology leadership and driving the state-of-the-art and making it possible again. So, we will continue to invest at a strong clip in R&D because that is how we have been successful as a company.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks Aart.
Aart De Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line the Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty: Thanks, hi guys. Let me approach the question this way. With the upfront becoming bigger each quarter through the year, positive comments around what hardware did for you this year, positive comments about IC Compiler II, it would seem like it leaves the rest of the core EDA software portfolio as the area that softened in terms of growth year-over-year. Is that the case, and what areas do you think you have the potential to turn in fiscal 2017?
Aart De Geus: Well you know, for a start 2016 of course was very strong from an hardware point of view so that may balance how one looks at different products a little bit differently. And then individual products themselves go through waves of being more central to the renewal of agreements or not. In general though I would say that we have a really well balanced product portfolio because with a very strong position in the core EDA that is central really the continuation of advanced chip design and system design, around that the verification is reaching into the software, the design tools are reaching deep down into the physics of silicon and the software itself is now an area that is seeing good investments. And so we very much look at the core EDA as one of the key things that is enabling yet another business, which is the IP business. And so when you look at it more as a portfolio at any point in time the balance shifts a little bit because one technology sort of enables the other.  Finally, you are looking back at 2016. This was a year where we can literally say and this is as much an aim that the internal team see as any area is that every one of our businesses did very well. And any given year some do better than others. This year we had across the board very good success.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then on the acquisitions, if I heard the answers from the first questions correctly, it sounds like we should assume roughly $50 million in contributions for fiscal 2017 versus the $100 million that they did finishing up the year. Can you walk us through the accounting impacts in terms of the write offs, should that bounce back immediately to the $100 million level when we get to fiscal 2018?
Trac Pham: I don't think we were operating at that level to begin with, but yes, first of all you are right, it should be in that range after the Coverity business, the impact of that is a combination of the deferred haircut and the integration of the business over the next 10 months.
Sterling Auty: And how should that - is that something that we should see a gradual ramp through the year or up front loaded or hockey stick, as we’re layering this in the context of the guidance.
Trac Pham: I would model it more of a gradual rent throughout the year.
Sterling Auty: Okay, thank you.
Trac Pham: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead sir.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for taking the questions. My first question is on the operating margin, in the past you've talked about operating margin improvement to 25% range over time. And just along the same line, if I think about your operating margin and include stock-based comp in there, you're operating at about a 20% operating margin. If I look at semiconductor industry and new customers in general, they're about 25% to 45% operating margin. I guess like EDA is a pretty consolidated space, so why aren't the operating margins higher and why aren't you aspiring for higher operating margins in general?
Trac Pham: No, we are aspiring for higher operating margins and we remain committed to driving margins through the mid-20s. As you are looking at this 2017 guidance and you separate out this Cigital and Codiscope impact, we would have grown margins very healthy from 2016 to 2017. Now the factoring in the dilution impact of that we’re going to see it roughly flat year-over-year, but the underlying health of the business is good and we are growing margins there.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it, thank you. And did you get a crate like how much is the total net impact to the EPS from the Cigital and Codiscope acquisitions?
Trac Pham : A modest impact to EPS.
Farhan Ahmad: Is it like $0.10, $0.05, any color on the level of impact?
Trac Pham : Modest impact to EPS.
Farhan Ahmad: Okay.
Trac Pham : I would say that due to something to keep in mind is that net of that impact we would have been growing EPS in the high single digits.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. Than I had question on custom compiler, you talked about some of the strong momentum in that area. How do you see that product growing and is that a growth driver for you over time and how it can become.
Aart De Geus: Yes it is a growth driver over time, but it starts from a very small base and the company right now round numbers is sort of at that 2.5 billion and so an individual small product does not have the impact to change with the overall revenue line really is markedly impacted. Nonetheless, it is an area that we’re gaining strength in that before we didn't have. And this is especially true in the conjunction with an outstanding analog mixed signal and custom verification set of tools and specifically in the area of FinFET and so we have good hopes actually for some really good results in 2017.
Farhan Ahmad: Thank you, that's all I had.
Aart De Geus: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. Quick question on the software security side of the business, so following the two acquisitions, do you feel as though you're at critical mass today or are there pieces or scale that you still need? 
Aart De Geus: It does feel like we are heading towards some degree of critical mass and we are driving the business now towards profitability after the delusion issues that we will be passing and the reason I think we are starting to have critical mass is because we are seeing the deals that we are making grow in magnitude and the number of large deals is growing from quarter-to-quarter, but just as important from an operational point of view is, I think our sales team is now delivering significantly on their own projections, and that sounds like a trivial thing, but it’s actually not.  It is that we are increasingly on top of the market segment where we know what we are doing and where there is demand that is growing. Now having said that and you all know this, the word security occurs in so many different dimensions, and of course this is a world market with a much larger number of potential users than what we would have seen in EDA, initially of course at much smaller transactions sizes, but in a set of verticals that we have never touched in the past.  And so just to highlight one aspect of Cigital is they are particularly strong in the financial market, and that is a market that’s while we had a number of successors in the past they were sort of, I don't want to say accidental, but they were not systematic to say the least. This changes that immediately and moreover because of the service nature and because of their ability to help do diagnosis at a higher level in a company of the general readiness for security, I think it gives us an entry point with the CIOs and CTOs of companies that we didn't have before. And so all of these pieces combined as we integrate them, I think we will start to feel like increasingly a critical mass and it’s a word that I like myself quite well.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And when you look into going into verticals like the automotive world, what is the long term business model look like there? Is it consulting, is it licenses is it royalty-based?
Aart De Geus : Are you talking for security or in general?
Tom Diffely: For security.
Aart De Geus : Well I think it is will be in many cases the entry point tends to be a bit random because companies are random in terms of how they certainly are dealing with security although if you look at automotive, ever since about 15, 18 months ago you may recall the jeep was hacked. That sent a shiver for the automotive industry that had for literally decades done an extremely good job at driving the engineering to be on top of safety. Well, overnight the software part became the Achilles' heel of safety and therefore very much top-down from those companies all the way from their boards got the mandate off we have to deal with this.  And this is precisely why the service business is helpful because if you get a mandate top-down in the company let’s say from the board of directors go deal with it first thing you need to do is to have sort of an assessment so where are you, and this is where Cigital has another key asset, which is over many years they developed a mechanism to assess in a number of dimensions the degree of security preparedness of companies.  And so that is a perfect entry point and that so-called v-sim maturity model can be used to then drive the dialogue to what should be the action taken and hopefully in those action rightfully so there would be a number of interactions with us on our products or additional services. So that is why I think all these pieces gradually fall into place, but it’s in new market and so there is a lot of learning and where there is lot of enthusiasm about what we close today.
Tom Diffely: Okay great. And then quickly on the consolidation of the customer base, so if you look back to 2016 as a whole, do you think there was an impact at all from consolidation on your results?
Aart De Geus : Well it’s hard to say it didn't have impacts and it’s hard to point exactly at what the impact is because as I said earlier whenever two companies consolidate within three minutes later it is, while we have to save money to pay for the premium that we just gave out. And you know consolidation is fundamentally either a move towards efficiency, strict economic efficiency, or it is a move towards and that’s why I like these words critical mass horizontally be bigger in a market and therefore another way to be efficient or it is move towards vertical critical mass meaning heading towards verticals that before company couldn't reach or with the value proposition is moving up to stack. And so as companies navigate through just the hard practical integration and money saving phase, very quickly they end at what is it that they want to accomplish and not that means immediately money spending, but it certainly means immediately helping with differentiation. And that’s why as much as these transitions initially are a headwind we've navigated recently well through them, I would say.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg : Thanks for taking my question. Trac listed on the CFO last year cash from operations was $587 million, you are guiding $500 million this year, shouldn't cash from operations grow in line with operating income?
Trac Pham: Yes over time you should model you should assume that cash from operations should track EBITDA less cash taxes, but as we said in the past it will vary from year-to-year. 500 million we think is still a very healthy level of cash flow for the year. Keep in mind when we entered 2016 we guided to about 500 million and we over achieved that by over $80 million. So the comparison is a little bit tough year-over-year. The second thing to keep in mind is that we think there is roughly $30 million headwind on cash flows this year as a result of the dilutions and cash outflows related to the acquisitions, and then timing of some early payments that shifted from one quarter to next, or year to next.
Monika Garg : Okay. Excluding these two acquisitions you just announced, how big is software security segment for you and excluding these two, is it possible now?
Trac Pham : Coverity did end up close to where we expected to end up at 100 million, it was modestly dilutive as a result of some of the acquisitions that we made earlier this year, but it’s trending very well in terms of growth and profitability. The Cigital, I think you asked for the side, Cigital and Codiscope is about half of that business.
Monika Garg : Got it. Then if I look at IP and systems segment, grew 17% year-over-year, could you maybe split the growth between IP and systems in it?
Trac Pham : No we won't split that out, but roughly the growth in those businesses are in line with the models that we previously communicated. And in general, I would add that both areas are doing very well and the IP business in particular saw a very, very good growth this year largely because complexity demands alternatives to design in one of the key alternatives is to buy those blocks that you can get on the market and that are cost efficient and while at the same time being super high performance and low power. And that is exactly the collection of IP that we have.
Monika Garg : Got it. Last one on the emulation you said, it was the fastest growth in the industry cadence, also had a very strong year. Could you maybe talk about what was the growth for your business and emulation, how big is that now?
Aart De Geus: We are well aware of that the overall industry I think is doing very well in emulation, and the reason for that are in some way straightforward, which is the complexity of the chips for those people that provide emulation more on the silicon verification side or the sheer amount in complexity of the software for those people that are maybe more focused on the software side or those that are working in between the hardware and software in all three cases is up substantially. And I don't have to tell you that the value of over the cost of not getting to market on time because the hardware and the software done don't quite work together, it is extremely detrimental. Therefore, I expect that the investments in this area will continue and it’s a very competitive market, but speaking up for Synopsys, I think we are well positioned.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I’d now like to turn the next question over to Gary Mobely with Benchmark. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobely: Hi everyone thanks for taking my question. Most of the questions have been asked and answered, but I did have a question about the value of M&A during 2016. I know in the past you disclosed that. I'm not sure if it was in the 10-K filing, or if it is in your supplemental materials published today, but could you share with us what the total dollar amount paid for M&A was in 2016?
Aart De Geus : Well normally we don't disclose it unless it is material to the overall results. Relatively speaking it was not a super high year of M&A and maybe the best is if we get back to you later because we don't have the numbers in front of us actually.
Gary Mobely: Fair enough. I don't know if this is the right venue to delve into the topic deeply, but could you maybe give a quick overview on your opinion and your assessment of the likelihood of some of the proposed accounting changes in the revenue recognition issues as it impacts Synopsys?
Trac Pham: Hi Gary. So we’ve been actively working on that over the last few years and right now we are fairly confident that we should be able to maintain the rate of a model for our business. There is obviously some details remaining to work that out and actually the implementation of that is going to be fairly complex, but for the most part we are confident that we should sustain the model.
Gary Mobely: Okay. Last question for me, the upfront licensing cost - I'm sorry, upfront licensing revenue that showed up as well in the IP systems and software integrity group and as well showed up in your accounts receivable with the spike there. And so, I was wondering if there were any other factors that drove up the spike in upfront besides emulation? Did you see maybe perhaps spike in IP licensing or maybe a large software integrity license deal?
Trac Pham: Yes the upfront, the strong upfront in Q4 were functioning both hardware and IP that was recognized on a perpetual basis or up fronts.
Gary Mobely: Alright. That is it from me. I appreciate you taking the questions, thanks everyone.
Trac Pham: Gary just a follow-up to your earlier question, the cash outflow for M&A was about 60 million for 2016.
Gary Mobely: Alright. Thank you.
Aart De Geus: I guess we are arriving…sorry.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mitch Steves.
Unidentified Analyst : Sorry, quick one and thanks for letting me get on here. So for the revenue guidance you guys are talking about 2,585 [ph] kind of is the midpoint, that implies 4.5% growth if I take out the $50 million. So can you mirror that with your comment about mid single digit growth in Cordier, and then double digits in the IP and systems piece, because I think that would be north of around that 4.5% mark organically.
Aart De Geus : Obviously there is always variability from year-to-year, remember that in 2016 we had a very strong hardware year and that is quite lumpy, so for your earlier question we want to be a bit conservative given that these things are very hard to predict. But fundamentally, I think we feel ourselves that we are coming into 2017 in a stronger position than we enter 2016. And so now of course the proof is in the putting and there is a lot of work to be done, but that sort of is the way it feels to us right now.
Unidentified Analyst : Okay, got it thank you.
Aart De Geus : You're welcome. Well I think we have reached the turn of the hour. So I would like to thank all of you for not only attending this earnings release, but for closing yet another year. We are thankful that we had a strong year, we are thankful to our employees, our customers, our partners, but also to you for following us and reporting on our endeavors. We are heading into 2016, 2017 with a good confidence and a lot of exciting things to do. And so we hope to have you on the next earnings call, sometime next year. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you again for using the AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-08-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - Vice President, Investor Relations Aart De Geus - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rich Valera - Needham & Company Tom Diffely - D. A. Davidson Krish Sankar - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jackson Ader - JPMorgan Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Gary Mobley - Benchmark Company Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2016. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call will last 1 hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Lori. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart De Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today’s earnings press release. We will also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, earnings press release and financial supplement that we released earlier today. All of these items, plus the most recent investor presentation, are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I will turn the call over to Aart De Geus.
Aart De Geus: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I am happy to report that we continue to execute very well. Our third quarter financial results were strong and we are raising our targets for the full year. We delivered revenue of $615 million with good growth across all product groups, most notably, verification and IP. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.76. We completed our second accelerated share buyback of 2016 and have repurchased a total of 325 million this year. Finally, we are raising our annual revenue, non-GAAP EPS and operating cash flow guidance. Trac will discuss the financials in more detail. In assessing the environment around us, we see continued volatility for semiconductor and systems companies juxtaposed with intense pressure to concede and deliver the next killer products. While the latest customer earnings results are better than originally anticipated, the forecast for 2016 semiconductor revenue remained sluggish and actually worsened slightly over the past few months. Nonetheless, investments in EDA are robust and Synopsys is both ideally positioned and executing well. Our commitment to customer success remains a key source of differentiation. Our technology vision is focused on critical products with the highest impact and we balance short-term and long-term investments to drive sustainable EDA and a new TAM growth and profitability. While it’s still early to talk about 2017 specifically, given the ongoing semiconductor volatility and lumpiness of our growing hardware revenue, I will say that we are optimistic about our business and long-term prospects as we continue a track record of executing well in both good and challenging markets. In that context, I would like to thank our very dedicated employee team for their hard work and excellent execution in an extremely demanding environment. Let me provide some highlights from the quarter in the context of the three customer groups we serve: semiconductor companies, system houses and software developers in multiple industries. In describing the state and powerful semiconductors today, I would like to use the word rejuvenation as semi companies reassess and strategize to drive the next generation of growth. They are restructuring their businesses and targeting investments to attack the emerging opportunity wave of Smart Everything. For some, joining forces with another company is the chosen route. For others, it’s to focus more tightly on their most differentiated areas of success. We have worked with a number of our customers through the consolidation process and in numerous cases we are successful in broadening their relationships. This quarter, we saw some additional consolidation and are confident in our ability to work with and support these in a constructive way. Regardless of economic challenges, investment in developing highly complex chips is a clear priority with migration to advance process nodes being a key strategy for our leading customers. As a technology pioneer, we are known for our expertise, broad portfolio, engineering support and track record of enabling these advanced designs. The cumulative number of FinFET designs continues to grow rapidly nearly 15% in just the last quarter and more than 95% of those designs rely on Synopsys’ digital tools. At the other end of the technology spectrum, our key cat products are also a differentiator for us. Used at the very beginning of process development, they enable customers to simulate and optimize key elements of the manufacturing process. This also provides us early access to critical models and information that gives us a head start in our product development. In digital design, our fastest ramping product ever, IC Compiler II, continues to proliferate. Orders in Q3 were the highest in five quarters. More than 90% of our installed base has at least one production project completed or in progress with more than 200 production designs overall. At the Design Automation Conference in June, Infineon, Socionext, Samsung and Toshiba shared with the full house their successful deployment of IC Compiler II to significantly cut design cycle time, while achieving excellent quality results. In our mixed signal, our newly introduced Custom Compiler product has come out of the gate with great promise. Intrigued by its innovative visually artistic automation, which cuts importantly our task from days to hours, customers are showing high level of interest and we are seeing some good initial adoption. ADAC, GSI, Samsung and ST Micro shared their design challenge experiences and how they have deployed Custom Compiler to improve their productivity. In addition, we announced support for Samsung Foundry’s 40-nanometer FinFET process. Also highlighted ADAC was the power of our EDA ecosystem with the goal of ensuring our giant customer success. Synopsys, TSMC and ARM hosted a popular event highlighting our collaboration efforts to enable design of the latest processors on the latest FinFET technology nodes. Let’s now look at system houses who either develop their own chips or buy them from others. They too are seeing great opportunities as well as substantial challenges where they are at leading or established nodes. In particular, opportunities around virtual and augmented reality, big data and digital intelligence are extremely promising. Simultaneously, relatively new and traditional companies in verticals such as automotive and industrial are already adopting these advanced technologies ranging all the way from silicon to software, the essence of the technical challenge and promise, the intersection of hardware and software. With approximately 40% of our revenue coming from systems companies and substantial investments around the next generation Silicon to Software continuum, Synopsys is well equipped to engage on next generation opportunities. First, verification, the biggest design bottleneck today. A couple of years ago, we introduced our Verification Continuum platform. It integrates all critical software and hardware technologies into an increasingly seamless and high productivity solution. Positive customer reaction is leading to rapid adoption throughout the platform. ADAC, QUALCOMM, ST, Samsung and Oracle spoke about their successes using the Verification Continuum. Q3 business results were strong for both software and hardware elements and we are outpacing our competitors in terms of growth. Integration of the SpyGlass technology from Atrenta has taken our solution to a high level of impact for customers. Both the technical and business results have been better than initially expected. Hardware verification showed strength again. We are now the fastest growing emulation vendor in the industry and also saw record orders for our HAPS physical prototyping solution. An excellent example of our customer success this quarter is NXP, which selected Synopsys as its primary SoC verification and emulation solution for its next generation automotive, secure connectivity and smart connected products. Let me talk for a moment about automotive. Over the past couple of years, we have substantially grown our portfolio in this market segment from design, to verification, to IP, to security, including excellent progress in automotive standards certification. We are beginning to see real momentum in this high promise area. During the quarter, we announced enhancements to two of our virtual prototyping development kits, which are used by automotive OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers. One, models of Bosch IP to speed software development for electronic control units. And two, a new model for Infineon’s next generation TriCore architecture. We also introduced a brand new test solution, TetraMAX II ATBG, which reduces costs and offers order of magnitude and faster runtime. While broadly used for many applications in the automotive context, TetraMAX II has already been certified for the stringent ISO 26262 Automotive Functional Safety Standard. Moving to IP, we again saw a very good demand across product lines and continued to expand our portfolio to address ever evolving market and product dynamics. At the leading edge of process technology, we won several important 10 nanometer and 7 nanometer projects, a testament to the trust customers have in us as they tape out critical chips containing our advanced IP. In Q3, we announced the availability of the new USB 2.0 type CIP, cutting power and area for cost sensitive and energy efficient IoT edge applications as well as the latest PCI Express 4.0, targeting advanced data intensive cloud computing. We also introduced our second generation embedded vision processor to strong demand, driven by emerging automotive, drone, surveillance and augmented reality applications. Closing with our software integrity products, our third customer group, software developers, range from semis and systems to enterprise companies in the financial, medical, industrial and energy segments. These developers face multifaceted challenges, immense software complexity with resulting product quality issues and the potentially devastating financial and safety impact triggered by security vulnerabilities. Software integrity is an emerging highly fragmented market, ripe for bringing multiple points tools together under a single integrated umbrella. Similar to how we build our EDA and IP positions over the years, our goal is to build a coherent highly differentiated and productive platform, which drives quality and security in software development. To that end, we are making good progress towards our comprehensive vision of software sign off. During software co-development, our solution enables detection and fixing of security vulnerabilities, quality defects and compliance shortcomings early in the development lifecycle. It also helps customers gain visibility into their software supply chain, thereby reducing risk inherits in third-party code. Having substantially strengthened our go-to-market approach and channel, we are beginning to see the number of large agreements grow, contract durations expand, international business improve and renewals increase. While still early, these are good signs. In summary, we delivered another excellent quarter and are raising our full year guidance. Our state-of-the-art technology and engineering support are key differentiators as we continue to drive excellent customer relationships. And we are seeing good progress as we invest in a promising brand new TAM. Let me now turn the call over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. Through the first three quarters of the year, we have executed very well in a challenging semiconductor environment. As a result, we are raising our full year guidance and again, achieving our multi-year objective of driving high single-digit non-GAAP EPS growth. In Q3, we delivered double-digit revenue on non-GAAP earnings growth and generated significant operating cash flow. In addition, we completed our $125 million ASR last week and year-to-date we bought back 325 million of stock. Now to the numbers, as I talk through the results and targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue was $615 million, above our target range. We achieved double-digit growth across all product platforms with particular strength in hardware. Upfront revenue slightly exceeded 10%. We anticipate more quarterly variability as our business evolves, however we continue to expect annual revenue model that is approximately 90% time based. Over 90% of Q3 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog and one customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue. The weighted average license duration was approximately 3.1 years and we expect the full year average to be about 3 years. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $538 million and total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $473 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 23% for the quarter and 23.7% year-to-date. GAAP earnings per share were $0.42 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.76, above our target range. We generated $252 million of operating cash flow, driven by strong collections and business levels. We are again raising our 2016 operating cash flow target to a range of $525 million to $545 million. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.1 billion, with 12% onshore and total debt of $278 million. Last week, we completed our $125 million ASR. Year-to-date, we have used over 80% of our free cash flow for buybacks. We have $175 million remaining on our current authorization. Now to the fourth quarter and fiscal 2016 guidance which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For Q4, the targets are; revenue between $621 million and $636 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $537 million and $556 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $483 million and $493 million; other income, between zero and $2 million; our non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 152 million and 155 million; GAAP earnings of $0.46 to $0.55 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.75 to $0.78 per share. For 2016; revenue of $2.41 billion to $2.45 billion, a growth rate of 7.5% to 8%; other income between $6 million and $8 million; non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 153 million to 156 million; non-GAAP earnings of $1.72 to $1.81 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $3 to $3.03; a growth rate of 8% to 9%; capital expenditures of approximately $70 million; and cash flow from operations of $525 million to $545 million. Finally, we have executed very well in a challenging environment and expect to deliver outstanding results in 2016. Growth is strong across all product platforms with better than expected hardware sales, driving a good portion of the upside for the year. This does add more variability to the businesses as customer requirements drive the timing of shipments and revenue, which is recognized upfront. As we look to 2017, we are currently working on our budget and are assessing this year’s hardware strength and how it will trend next year. Therefore, we would suggest that it’s premature to change our 2017 estimates until we provide detailed guidance in November. In summary, the entire Synopsys team has executed very well. Our Q4 outlook is strong, our 2016 targets are substantially better than they were at the start of the year. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will go to Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Yes. I would like to get a little more color on where the upside came from, from both the quarter and for the fourth quarter guidance, it sounds like clearly hardware is better than expected I guess in your original guidance, was there any other product area or GO that is coming in stronger that you previously expected?
Aart De Geus: Actually, we are fortunate that strength was very much across the board. And you highlighted already at the verification specifically the emulation ones would also highlight the IP business as having been quite strong. On the borderline between those businesses is also the hardware prototyping that has done quite well and then it’s also interesting that all the way into our silicon engineering business, we have had quite good results there also. And so I think across the board we are executing well and we have seen our run-rate grow again.
Rich Valera: That’s great. And just from a geographic perspective, it looks like you had another strong quarter in Japan after probably a year or 18 months of really tough certainly year-over-year performances there. Is there anything going on there? Is that sort of lumpiness in terms of the seeming Japan recovery here?
Aart De Geus: Well, as you well know, Japan has been sort of a bit of an up and down economy now for many, many years. And so I think our team continues to execute particularly well in Japan, but it is against the backdrop of a challenged economy. Maybe Trac can make a couple of comments about the year-to-year yen fluctuations that are really the only currency that we continue to deal with. But our business has been quite solid and there is a bit of hope that the Japanese economy after many years of restructuring and refocusing is actually seeing some signs of emerging health, let’s say.
Trac Pham: So Rich, this is Trac. Let me just add that across the board and at the top level, we are actually doing very well. And then when you look at the geographic split as well as the product mix, we are doing well across the board. There is a couple of areas that might – that I would highlight is when you look at the services line from a product perspective in Europe, that again is also doing well and I just wanted to let folks know that it’s really a function on the services line. It’s a function of this year’s hedge gains being just slightly less than last year. And then Europe continues to do well, but last year, we had an unusually strong product shipment that makes the comparison a little odd, but other than those anomalies, we are doing very well across the board.
Rich Valera: That’s great. Just one final one for me, given the revenue upside you had for both 3Q and 4Q guidance, it seems like you could have possibly driven, dropped a little more at the bottom line. Wondering if you are actually sort of reinvesting some into the business and if so, maybe what areas you might be sort of reinvesting some of that upside into?
Trac Pham: Yes, Rich. So, you are right. When you look at the business for this year, margins will be relatively flat year-over-year. And what you are seeing is really two factors. One, the upside was as we mentioned driven by hardware, which has COGS. And the second part, as we look at the business, there are couple of opportunities to invest in both customer support as well as in product development. The ROIs on those investments were good and so we proceeded with that. I think overall I think I like the balance that we are striking between driving for growth as well as slowing earnings to the bottom line.
Aart De Geus: And in that context, I would add that we are looking at the software integrity business as one that continues to be a very interesting opportunity and so we did few acquisitions in the last 12 months that are being integrated well. And all of that has a lot of life, but it does require some level of investment.
Rich Valera: That’s helpful color. Thanks, gentlemen. Excellent results.
Aart De Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Tom Diffely with D. A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. So first, following up on the last question on software integrity, what percentage of your long-term portfolio is in place today and how much do you think you have to add there both I guess through acquisition and also homegrown?
Aart De Geus: Well, of course, this is a slightly loaded question, because we don’t comment about acquisitions before we do them, but we have been very clear that we look at this as a new emerging TAM that is in a market that has many, many players, a few large ones and many very small ones all having one hotter technology than the other and in a field that is clearly almost overwhelmed by the number of security issues popping up everyday. So, just to be clear, yes, we have no plan and are not addressing the overall space of security. We are focusing specifically on the development of software and how to recognize and avoid issues upfront during that development. In that context, we are making excellent headway, because a number of years ago, we started with a fairly narrow offering in terms of languages. We have substantially broadened that. That is all our own R&D investment. We have broadened in terms of adding a number of security techniques and we are now integrating these all on a more coherent platform, which allows us to deal with the people that have to confront the security and quality issues in a more coherent fashion. And so we have now moved to starting to build a relationship with other companies that can help certify again standards. The alignment with Underwriters Laboratories is a very good example of that and we have also worked with a number of people that need help in assessing. We are in the supply chain that their software come from and it brings about some interesting surprises at times. So, I think we are in a good position, but there are clearly many opportunities. And the focus really for the last 12 months has been to broaden in security and to substantially strengthen our ability to go-to-market and move towards gradual larger deals. And the overall vision for what we want to offer is really a software sign off just like there has been a hardware sign off for 25 years, software needs this.
Tom Diffely: Okay, thanks. Moving over to the hardware side of the business, do you view 2016 as an unusually strong year in hardware that might pale off a bit next year or is it strictly just the lumpiness of that business that gives you pause for 2017?
Trac Pham: Well, we would like it to be usually strong, but this is a business that we have gradually grown into. And we are well aware that it’s a business that by nature is lumpy, because when people buy a hardware equipment, the equipment gets bought when they feel that they are in a good cash position and the shipments invariably are functional of when they actually need it and so under much less control than, let’s say, a recurring revenue run rate. Nonetheless, it’s a good business and it ties well to our overall verification proposition. And so we are encouraged by the quality of the products that we have and of course continue to invest in driving the state-of-the-art forward in this area.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And do you think this year will be a record year, both in terms of both dollars and share for you?
Trac Pham: Well, it certainly was versus the past. We are not commenting about the ‘17 yet.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then I guess just one more long-term question, when you look at the emergence of the Chinese semiconductor market and how some of the domestic players have talked about doing manufacturing over time, how big do you think that market gets over time and how is your positioning in that market?
Aart De Geus: Well, for us, it’s always a little strange when we hear about the emergence of that market given that we were already in China in the mid ‘90s. And so we have been very intimately involved in all the steps of the development and emergence of both the talent sets, the investments, the structure of the industry, its evolution, the ups and downs. And the fact that there is now an increase and emphasis on manufacturing is not a surprise, because the volume of design in China that could potentially manufactured in China has grown substantially both in actual amounts and in the sophistication. And so we are well involved with all the leading companies there and I think we are well equipped to participate in this ongoing growth rate, which I think will continue to be high. In general, if you look at our revenue, you will see that the growth in Asia-Pacific has certainly been substantial and there is no reason to believe that it will not continue at the similar rate at least for the time being.
Tom Diffely: Yes, thank you.
Aart De Geus: You are welcome.
Operator: And we have a question from Krish Sankar with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. A few of them, one, [indiscernible] you kind of mentioned next year you expect some lumpiness in the emulation revenue, I am trying to figure out what does it mean exactly for your revenue and margin profile?
Aart De Geus: Well, fundamentally, what it means is that we have a very high portion of our business that is very ratable and therefore, it tends to look a little bit like a straight line on the graph. Lumpiness means that sometimes you get a large order that needs to be shipped at a certain date and that revenue gets recognized at that moment and some other quarter, you may not get that. And so there is some variability that is possible in this. And maybe Trac, you can comment on the profitability or the COGS aspect of hardware business versus software?
Trac Pham: Obviously, hardware is a little lower than software, but it’s still very profitable for us. And our goal ultimately is to balance that in the portfolio to drive earnings growth in the high single-digits.
Krish Sankar: Do you guys have any color or is there a way to quantify how much of your total revenues from emulation?
Aart De Geus: No, we don’t break out individual products. Obviously, the EDA part is a large portion of our business and verification is substantial in that. But it’s clear that this is an aspect of the business that’s doing well. But I would highlight that the whole verification proposition has many, many other products. And over the last few years, we have added some really superb technology in the debugging side, partially via the acquisition of SpringSoft. More recently, you may recall Atrenta and really these building blocks fits very, very well together and are all doing quite well.
Krish Sankar: Got it, I mean it’s helpful. And then I wanted to follow-up, it looks like you guys have under $200 million left in the buyback, what is your capital allocation size in a go forward basis to the extent that you can comment on it?
Aart De Geus: We will say as what we have said in the past. We will continue to use our balance sheet in the way that makes more sense. In the past, that’s been a combination of investing in M&A to drive long-term growth and then returning cash to shareholders when that makes sense. Just for reference, when you look at last year, we spent over $280 million on buybacks, which is almost 70% of free cash flow. And then this year-to-date, we have been pretty – even a little bit more aggressive with that and we have raised the buybacks to be about 8% of free cash flows for the year.
Krish Sankar: Got it, very helpful. And then just a final question, when you look into like the future and let’s say, emulation does get to be a bigger chunk of your revenues even though it’s lumpy and they have some slight detriment on the margin profile, I am curious, what are the levers that you guys actually have if you want to continue maintaining 8% to 10% kind of earnings growth profile, is it mainly going to come from top line growth or do you have other levers you can put to actually make the earnings profile better? Thank you.
Aart De Geus: Well, as you know, we can always try to drive profitability harder. At the same time, there is a balance there of how much do you want to invest in new opportunities. And we have done a very conscious effort already starting in the early 2000 in broadening our portfolio to build a substantial IP business and then most recently in the last 2.5 years in investing towards the software integrity space as opportunities to grow additional businesses. So over a long period of time, we remain very committed to deliver mid-20s operating margin as the constant objective, while maximizing the revenue growth as the way to continue to strengthen and broaden the company.
Trac Pham: Krish, this is Trac. I would add that our focus is to drive this business and grow this business sustainably over time, so that’s going through a combination of both – a combination of revenue growth, operating margin expansion and then reduce our share count. And so those things collectively should help us grow our earnings at high single-digits long-term.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks guys.
Aart De Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: We have a question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader: Thank you. This is Jackson Ader on for Sterling. One question from our side and that is in the software portfolio, is there – you already spoke about I think some things that are outperforming your expectations, is there anything in the product portfolio that may be underperforming your projections?
Aart De Geus: Well, at any point in time of course, we have a very broad portfolio. To be honest, I am not sure how many products we have. And we have big products and many smaller products and so all of the products have waived. But this past quarter actually, economically speaking, the results were quite strong across the board and so nothing jumped out. But always, products that are in investment mode or that are in next generation mode, that’s an ongoing job for us and has been now for many decades.
Jackson Ader: Okay, fair enough. Thanks. That was all from us.
Aart De Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we will go next to Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks. Good evening Aart and Trac. Aart, let me start with you on the subject of technology and products, somewhat broad question, one thing we are seeing pretty much across all of engineering software not just in the EDA part of it are some fundamental issues that are being addressed by some of the major companies around basic software architecture, computer science, if you will, in that respect as it relates to EDA, one of the more interesting announcements I thought at DAC was from answers regarding some new data and architectural issues that they are addressing. And so the question for you is do you think that you and EDA generally are positioned well enough in terms of capacity and so forth for the next number of years architecturally or do you think that these are some issues that you are now going to have to fundamentally address as some of your peers in engineering software seems to be doing. In terms of a couple of specific products in your case, it seems very clear that you are putting a lot of incremental or renewed effort behind DC and if you could comment on that and you are also seeing some good new momentum in DFM where you seem to have broken out of the sideways revenue pattern that you are in for quite a number of years or perhaps you could comment on your DFM opportunity as well?
Aart De Geus: Well, so when you say are you going to have to revise your architecture, we are revising architectures all the time and it tends to come in two ways into a constant smaller tuning and optimizations versus every so often doing a redesign of let’s say, the data structure they use or the approaches to problems. And it is only through that, that we have literally been able for now 29.5 years to constantly be at the very leading edge of what technology can do and that’s a necessity because we are half of Moore’s Law and there is the manufacturing advances and then there are all the tools that make it possible to use these. So in that sense, we are accustomed to being sort of – for 29 years, we are behind the 8 ball, because every customer wants it to be better and so do we. Having said that, I think your generic observation that there are new opportunities emerging I think is interesting not just for us, but for the very fact that a lot of people are now looking at processor architecture changes to accommodate the fact that various forms of digital artificial intelligence will become a more and more important for different types of applications. And so we see a number of customers focusing now on what can they do to essentially reinvent computation to satisfy and enable that. And that ranges literally from what to do around big data all the way to a pattern recognition, learning and so on that gets applied to now a number of fields including automotive. So I can certainly never say that we are good enough. The whole point is to always say we are not good enough and keep pushing.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. And then in your case, there was a specific sub-question regarding DC and your DFM business?
Aart De Geus: Sure. So the design compiler is a product that itself has gone through a number of these types of generations. And it’s obviously a leading edge tool that has an immense broad utilization on all the most advanced nodes. And so they are two. We have a substantial effort ongoing for both optimization and tuning as well as looking at architectures that could improve things, going forward. DFM is a bit different. DFM tends to be a number of economically smaller products that are highly specialized. Many of those have also fewer customers because it addresses mostly the people that are manufacturing, but I don’t have to tell you that the physics of manufacturing in the last few years has done an easy 10x of growth in complexity. And that is actually good news for us because that caters directly to some of the strength of that team. And we have made a number of fairly substantial investments, I would say going back 4 years to 5 years where we are seeing some good return on it now. And as mentioned to another question earlier, we have a broad portfolio and so it’s a constant allocation of investments with an intent and hope to see a return 2 years to 3 years later.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: To finish up with Trac, a couple of financial questions, you seem now to have pretty much solidified your position as the second largest in relation to target by revenue after Cadence, by our calculation just doing some quick math after the results, it looks like your emulation business might have been up by nearly half sequentially and up maybe more than that year-over-year and so the question is given that kind of revenue growth, are you seeing some commensurate margin scaling in the emulation business or you basically have to give that up to get the volume deals done like with XP [ph] for example. And then could you say whether the percentage of revenue from your largest customer was up, down or sideways versus Q2?
Aart De Geus: If I may jump in, you just asked Trac a whole set of questions that he is definitely intending to not answer because not only do we not disclose individual products, we are certainly not disclosing the economic profile of those. But there is no question that whenever products do better, there is an opportunity to either improve the margin structure because that’s what good business does or to continue to invest and accelerate the development of future technology and we clearly do both. And so we are thankful for that business being strong, but I think we will leave the commentary on that. Do you want to add anything, Trac?
Trac Pham: No, no comment at this point.
Aart De Geus: Anything else, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: No. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. We will go next to Gary Mobley with Benchmark Company. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Hi everyone. I am not sure if it’s been said, but congratulations on strong execution for the year. With hardware becoming greater mix to the revenue, I am curious to know whether or not this goes to a backlog building quarter, whether or not you can build on your year end backlog for 2015 of $3.6 billion and with some costs with respect to the longevity or sustainability of the strong hardware revenue, as you approach 2017, are you still going to try to provide guidance based on the old axiom of 90% of forward revenue coming out of backlog?
Trac Pham: Yes. Gary, this is Trac. We will give more – actually, we will give the specific backlog number at the end of Q4. What I would say is that year-to-date, our business has been very strong, bookings have been solid and then run rate has been up. So the underlying economics of the business is very healthy. And then for the quarter, I guess specifically for the quarter, 90% of revenues came from backlog.
Gary Mobley: Okay, alright. Just one follow-up question, I think in the past you commented that software integrity represented – might represent about $100 million in the total mix of the broader group for 2016, do you still feel comfortable with that revenue level?
Aart De Geus: Yes, that is what we are targeting for this year.
Gary Mobley: Okay, alright. Thank you, guys. Again congratulations.
Aart De Geus: Thanks Gary.
Trac Pham: Thanks Gary.
Operator: We have a question from Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. As a follow-up on the software security verification, your expectation was this segment to go 18% to 20%, is that the growth you are still seeing and when do we expect the segment to break even and then positive operating margin?
Aart De Geus: Well, we continued to invest. And as you know, we have also made some acquisitions. And so every time you do that, that pushes the profitability down somewhat, but the job of course is to bring that up as we integrate things. So we expect it to be slightly dilutive in ‘16. But we are very encouraged by a couple of things. One is that the quality, the sophistication of the solution that we have is truly starting to be viewed as strength. And so I think we have good opportunities. But in parallel to that, especially in the last 12 months or so, I think we have strengthened the ability of our channel to not only sell the solution well, but also to gradually move towards larger transactions. And as you probably know, many of these fields that are emerging tend to be very small deals and you build them gradually. Well, we have seen now a number of transactions grow in size. A number of them have become multi-year, which were different than what originally the companies we acquired started with. And we see the opportunity to have a stronger broader relationship with the companies that use our software. So all of that feels like the early days of EDA. And in that sense, we will reassess continually how to balance the profitability drive versus the growth. We will prioritize growth, but rest assured that it’s only a business if it becomes profitable and if it becomes more profitable overtime, otherwise, it’s a hobby. And so we will continue to push on that as well.
Operator: Thank you. And we will go next to Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mitch Steves: Thanks for taking my question. So, I guess the first question is kind of Intel side of the equation. They just announced a new partnership with ARM during their Analyst Day or I guess the big presentation. I am just wondering if that was expected or if that may potentially impact the business at this time?
Aart De Geus: Yes. Well, of course, it was expected, because we have been informed quite a while ago. And as a matter of fact, we have quite a number of customers, as you know, that do ARM cores and that optimize those for different set of technologies. And so I expect that we will be very helpful at getting the best out of the technology that Intel has to offer for people that want to build their products around ARM cores and we are already quite engaged in that.
Mitch Steves: Okay, got it. And then secondly in the software integrity piece, I know you guys already talked about the $100 million number, but if I were to think about the long-term growth, is it fair to assume that, that will kind of help pace or potentially at least keep up with semiconductor IP as a whole?
Aart De Geus: Yes, certainly. We look at our businesses in terms of growth rate as EDA being suddenly very profitable, but the lower growth rate, IP in the middle and software integrity at the top of those. And so it’s almost a classic decision set on how to balance the investments among these different categories as we build the company that hopefully delivers continuous high single-digit earnings growth going forward by essentially balancing a portfolio of different needs.
Mitch Steves: Got it. Thank you. Great quarter.
Aart De Geus: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg: Hi, thanks for the follow-up. Question on the operating margins, if we compare your op margins with Cadence, your margins are still like almost 250 basis points lower in spite of the fact Synopsys has much higher revenue base, almost 30% higher and we are seeing good top line growth. So, why are we not seeing more leverage in the model?
Trac Pham: We do have leverage in the model. I think as I mentioned earlier, margins are relatively flat this year, but it’s important for us to manage this business sustainably over time. And when you look at the earnings guidance that we have provided for this year, it’s predominantly driven by operations, right. And so our balance this year is just trying to invest appropriately to drive growth long-term, while also generating high single-digit EPS growth.
Monika Garg: Yes. Just a follow-up then, semi industry is in the midst of consolidation, but Synopsys had seen two good growth years last year, it grew 9%. You are guiding to almost 8% for this year. So, the question is, are you not seeing impact on consolidation or do you think you are gaining market share?
Aart De Geus: Well, we certainly do see the impact of consolidation, because all of these transactions come to us initially always with the request of can you reduce our cost? And while we are trying to accommodate customers as much as possible, we also try to offer our solutions, whereby we can do fulfill a broader set of their needs. And in that context, I think we have continued to do well also because many of the technologies that we provide are essential and are at the leading edge. So, none of this is simple. And as you well know, in our industry, we have talked for quite a number of times, including at many of our earnings releases about what’s the impact of this. Maybe especially in 2015, where there were a number of very large consolidations, I think we have fared well with these and we are thankful for that, but this is just part of an evolution in the industry around us and I think we are well positioned to continue to be a cornerstone supplier to people that are really going to drive their own companies to the next state-of-the-art level of applications and that’s a good position to be in.
Monika Garg: Thanks a lot.
Aart De Geus: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And I will turn it back to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Aart De Geus: Well, we thank you for your attendance at this call. As usual, we will follow-up with a number of you after this and we hope that you have a good rest of the day. Thank you so much.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-05-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - VP, IR Aart de Geus - Chairman and Co-CEO Trac Pham - CFO
Analysts: Rich Valera - Needham & Company Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson Krish Sankar - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2016. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Paul. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC reports and today's earnings press release. The reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on the call to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, earnings press release, and financial supplement that we released earlier today. All of these items plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I'm happy to report that our second quarter results were strong, and further solidify our outlook for the full year. We delivered revenue of $605 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.81. We completed our $200 million accelerated share buyback; and we are raising our annual revenue and operating cash flow targets, as well as the midpoint of EPS guidance. Trac will discuss these in more detail shortly. Before reporting on our products, let me briefly comment on the landscape around us. We serve three types of customers: semiconductor companies, system houses, and, as of the last two years, software developers in multiple industries. When looking at the semiconductor industry, both maturation and rejuvenation are readily apparent as the industry is gearing up for the age of Smart Everything. By linking IoT cloud connectivity with big data analysis and digital intelligence, companies are readying for the next wave of impact. To get there, customers are both restructuring their business and accelerating investments in advanced technology nodes capable of dealing with the performance and low power requirements of Smart Everything computation. While the semi consolidations of the last 18 months are working their way through the system, Synopsys has executed well. In some cases, we’ve even been able to broaden our business and position of trust with consolidating customers, contributing to our strong results. Simultaneously, our chip design tools are enabling a generation of Silicon that is amazingly, measured in single-digit nanometers. Reviewing the system houses, we see an equally intense drive towards leveraging the coming opportunities of 5G mobile networks, cloud-based data mining, virtual and augmented reality, and digital intelligence applications. While system houses rely on the semiconductor industry or on their internal semi teams for the chips, their value and differentiation is amplified at the intersection of chips and software. One only has to look at the progress made in automated driving to realize that a whole new innovation age is not only technically possible, but is now on the threshold of becoming economically viable. In other words, the race is on, and readying software in the context of the silicon hardware is on the critical path to market. Here too, Synopsys is both well-placed, and our hardware/software Verification Continuum is changing the game for system houses under time-to-market pressure and slowed by software readiness, which brings me to our third set of customers: software developers. The advances I just mentioned are triggering a whole new wave of applications in every industry segment, including financial institutions, medical, industrial, energy, and so on. Software complexity is increasing considerably and with it, quality lapses and security vulnerabilities are growing to untenable levels. Here as well, Synopsys expects to play a major enablement role. In the last 24 months, we’ve assembled a great set of quality and security technologies, and this year we’re delivering the first Software Sign-Off platform aimed at code quality and security certification. So, while semiconductors and electronics are going through a transition with both churn and flat growth, we’re in a promising position to continue delivering on short-term expectations while balancing investments towards long-term growth. We accomplish this by first and foremost, being absolutely committed to our customers’ success via both technology and engineering support. Second, aligning our products on where the technology is going; third, balancing our short-term and long-term focus to ensure sustainable success; and finally, by executing, executing, and executing. Let me now provide some highlights from the quarter, beginning with our semiconductor customers. No matter what the economic state of the industry, the push towards bringing smaller, faster, low-power chips to market sooner is unabated. FinFET technology continues to advance towards still higher density and lower power. Our FinFET-proven flow, beginning with the earliest TCAD models, all the way to mask synthesis and yield optimization, is leading the way. Customers are clearly counting on us. Of the more than 300 FinFET designs either in progress or completed thus far, 95% rely on Synopsys digital tools. Our fastest-ramping product ever, IC Compiler II, continues its rapid adoption. This quarter alone, we added 32 new active customers. And design tape-outs increased by a third, now totaling over 60. The benefits of the new architecture are steadily rolling out, with the latest release delivering even better quality of results for performance-critical designs. These improvements, coupled with excellent turnaround time, led HiSilicon/Huawei and Movidius to standardize on IC Compiler II for their next-generation SoCs. In March, NVIDIA, HiSilicon, Socionext and Qualcomm spoke about their successes with IC Compiler II at a standing-room only Silicon Valley User Group luncheon. Toshiba selected IC Compiler II for performance-critical designs across its groups, expanding its use and making it the predominant place & route flow at Toshiba for internal and external designs. On the analog-mixed-signal side, we’ve introduced a brand new product: Custom Compiler. The result of several years of development and integration of best-in-class technologies, Custom Compiler accelerates a number of tedious tasks from weeks to days. While custom design is very manual and does not automate the same way that digital design does, Synopsys has pioneered a novel set of interactive assistance techniques with great productivity impact. Custom Compiler is tuned for leading FinFET designs, and TSMC has already certified the product for its advanced 10 and 7 nanometer technologies. Rolled out in March, it has immediately generated enthusiasm and engagements in a field that’s been stagnant for over a decade. ST Microelectronics has already deployed the product, and both GSI Technology and Asahi Kasei Microdevices have switched to our Custom Compiler solution from their previous flows. Now to the systems space, where verification challenges are rapidly growing at the intersection of hardware and software. We continue to roll out innovations in our Verification Continuum platform, which integrates all key software and hardware elements critical to robust verification. In March we unveiled Cheetah, a breakthrough simulation innovation that drives massive parallelism to speed up our franchise VCS simulation product. Q2 was also strong from a hardware perspective. Emulation continues to do well, with more logos and repeat orders, as customers adopt the fastest emulation system in the market today. Physical prototyping, which is focused on early software development and system validation, also had a strong quarter. Interestingly, as automotive is dramatically accelerating digital intelligence techniques and thus software content in cars, early adoption of functional verification and virtual prototyping is increasing, and our company-wide automotive solution is gaining traction. We delivered virtual prototyping to a leading supplier of driver assistance systems, enabling software development 15 months prior to silicon. During the quarter, we acquired WinterLogic, the leader in fault simulation, a key technology needed for compliance testing of that same standard. This technology fits well with our growing automotive portfolio. In addition, our verification solution was certified for the most stringent level of automotive safety measures defined by the ISO 26262 safety standard. Semiconductor IP blocks are also a key part of our automotive strategy and portfolio. During the quarter, we announced a broad set of IP for TSMC’s 16 nanometer FinFET Compact process, which is in high demand for automotive and many other applications. We also enhanced our portfolio of ARC processors optimized for automotive applications such as sensor processing and embedded control, by achieving ASIL-D Ready certification on an extended range of products. As our customer base tied to automotive expands to include new semiconductor entrants as well as companies such as Continental, Delphi and Bosch, we see this market segment growing for us over time. More broadly, in Q2 we saw strong demand across our IP product lines – from logic libraries, to memories, to embedded security, to interfaces, and low power processors. As a key member of many standards bodies, we consistently enable early customer adoption of new interfaces. For example, we are the only IP Company with USB 3.1 certification, and our solution is already embedded in many of the initial designs using this standard. We’re also doing well with our security IP. We’re engaged in multiple collaborations around our encryption cores, reflecting growing interest in an age of increased security concerns. This brings me to the software developers across many industry segments. As the web of interconnected devices expands, and with it increasing software impact, but also complexity, developers are looking for tools to find vulnerabilities at the root of development. In other words, quality and security are no longer desirable characteristics, but an absolute necessity. They’re also highly intertwined. Quality is the foundation for security; security is the foundation for safety. Our vision is to deliver the Software Sign-Off Platform that enables systematic testing during development and security certification to the entire software supply chain. Just last month, we announced that Underwriters Laboratories, or UL for short, a well-known, global safety science organization, evaluated and selected Synopsys security tools for use in the newly launched UL Cybersecurity Assurance Program. This certification program provides an independent third-party security assessment of network-connectable devices, and is the culmination of a multi-year collaboration. In summary, Q2 results were very strong. We’re increasing our annual revenue and cash flow targets, as well as raising the midpoint of our EPS guidance range. We continue to execute well on an expanding customer base relying increasingly on our technology and support during a time of transition. And finally, our objective is to deliver long-term shareholder value by managing a portfolio of solutions and investments addressing near, medium, and long-term waves of opportunity. We’re solidly on-track to doing so. Let me now turn the call over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. In Q2, we closed another excellent quarter and continued to execute very well, even in the context of a challenging semiconductor environment. Our results reflect solid growth in revenue and non-GAAP earnings, strong business levels and significant cash flow generation. Based on our performance in the first half and visibility to the rest of the year, we're raising our 2016 outlook for revenue and operating cash flow, and raising the midpoint of non-GAAP earnings per share guidance. Now to the numbers, as I talk through Q2 results and 2016 targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 9% to $605 million. Growth was solid across all product platforms, with particular strength in hardware. Over 90% of revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue. The weighted average duration of customer license commitments was approximately 2.3 years, which reflects normal quarterly fluctuation based on the mix of agreements. We expect the average for the full year to be approximately three years. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $518 million, and total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $452 million, within our target range. Non-GAAP operating margin was 25%. GAAP earnings per share were $0.45, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.81, at the high end of our target range. We generated $222 million of operating cash flow. Collections were strong, including a few large payments that came in earlier than expected. Based on the strength of our first half results and outlook for the year, we're raising our 2016 operating cash flow target to a range of $510 million to $530 million. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $960 million, with 14% onshore and total debt of $250 million. We completed the $200 million accelerated share repurchase plan initiated in Q1 and bought back 4.5 million shares. As we’ve previously communicated, we plan to increase buybacks this year to reduce the share count. We have $300 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. In addition, we closed a couple of small acquisitions, adding products and technology to augment our internal development in key areas. DSO was 45 days, down from 57 in Q1, due largely to strong collections. We ended Q2 with 10,360 employees, with nearly half in lower cost geographies. The increase in headcount was due to acquisitions and planned hiring. Now to third quarter and fiscal 2016 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For 2013, the targets are; revenue between $595 and $610 million. As we’ve previously communicated, we expect more variability in quarterly revenue driven by factors such as our growing hardware business, which generates upfront revenue, along with the timing of our consulting business. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $517 and $536 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $463 and $473 million; other income between 0 and $2 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million; GAAP earnings of $0.42 to $0.51 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.72 to $0.75 cents per share. For 2016, we're raising our revenue target to $2.36 to $2.4 billion; other income between $4 and $6 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million; GAAP earnings of $1.67 to $1.79 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $2.95 to $3.00 per share; capital expenditures of approximately $80 million; and cash flow from operations of $510 million to $530 million. In summary, our Q2 results were excellent, highlighted by solid top and bottom-line growth and significant cash flow generation. Our priorities remain centered on managing the business to maximize long-term shareholder value, with solid execution, a disciplined approach to managing expenses, and our continued emphasis on investments to drive sustainable growth and profitability. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Good evening. Aart appreciate the color across your three different customer sort of end markets there. Just wanted to confirm though on the semi side, it sounds like things are relatively unchanged from last quarter and I just wanted to get your thoughts on that is that how you view it?
Aart de Geus: Well, the answer is yes. And the problem is the change is not necessarily all that positive because it was pretty flat last quarter as well. And so I think in general the semiconductor industry is under quite a bit of transitional pressure and that is not necessarily a negative thing because I think there are great opportunities coming, but while the transition is occurring, clearly people clearly feel stressed, there's a lot of -- there's been, I should say, quite a bit of M&A, there is a bit of restructuring and so on. These are all preparations for the next wave. And we are thankful that we've been able to do quite well in this landscape and to be able to continue to invest strongly for this next wave of technology that is getting prepared, but meanwhile there's no question the semiconductor market field that is quite stressed.
Rich Valera: It sounds like you've been through a few of these probably renewals for companies that have gone through this M&A process. It sounds like some of them maybe if actually done a little better. I'm presuming some not so -- maybe not as well. Can you kind of give any more color on how that's going? It sounds like going maybe roughly as planned where there's some good are some or some bad, but any other color on that front would be helpful.
Aart de Geus: Well, first I think, yes, it has been very much as planned and you have heard us talk about it in not over-the-top terms, I think, for a number of quarters acknowledging that whenever there is change, there's some adaptation, need for synergies on the part of the customer. But we've also said during that these changes, invariably; there are opportunities where part of helping customers move forward is to also become a broader set -- part of their solution. Bring efficiency to them by virtue of having tools that work together that maybe before came up from a variety of sources. And so as far as we're concerned of the main areas, or sorry, of the main transactions, we're through those and there will be undoubtedly more coming down the pike, but there's no evidence that it would be yet another year like 2015.
Rich Valera: Okay. And then I wanted to ask a question or two about the software integrity business. You mentioned you've released a new product or platform, I think a Security Sign-Off platform. I wanted to try to get a feel for how you significant that see being the sort of platform concept, is that really new, does it fundamentally the -- sort of fundamentally change the proposition you're offering to your customers and potentially your ASPs? And then just stepping back I think you'd a while ago mentioned you thought business could maybe do 100 million of revenue this year and wonder if we were still tracking towards that number? Thanks.
Aart de Geus: Let me go backwards, the answer is yes, we're tracking towards that number and we see good long-term opportunity here because as we all well know, software is the fragile link in these much more sophisticated systems and fragility is accentuated by hackers that are trying to take advantage of this. Having said that, just to be sharp, what I tried to communicate is that we are in the process of putting the final touches on a Sign-Off Platform and we have a large set of technologies. The reason I say in the process because this is work-in-progress this year. As you probably know we acquired at least three or four companies last year, all with quite different, but enormously additive technologies around the security angle and this is all being integrated into the fundamental platform that we acquired with Coverity which was very well suited because it has a profound understanding of software. And so the -- of course these tools are all available and for sale and being sold and some actually quite well right now. But the interesting part is the notion of Software Sign-Off is being received very, very positively. And I think the alignment with under righteous [ph] laboratories is just a fabulous example of how our technology can be instrumental and central to really bringing about the next generation of certifications that will be needed for many products.
Rich Valera: That's helpful color, Aart. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: We have a question from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: Yes. I guess following up on the last security question, Aart what is your view of technology going forward as far as security in terms of either embedded in the hardware or in software? And how does that trend impact you specifically?
Aart de Geus: The answer is yes, meaning that the software clearly is one of these surfaces that has the most attack points. And it's sort of ridiculous in many ways to not eradicate those software vulnerabilities that can be found automatically. But it's easy to say ridiculous because in practice, it's not so easy. And so the first effort has to be to bring about executable discipline and the tools that automate this as much as possible. That's what we're doing. On the other side, at the root of all of this, is having to rely on hardware that is safe and secure. And there -- at the root of that trust lies algorithms and encryption technologies that are being added more and more to a variety of chips and systems and we have an encryption core, for example, that is finding good interest. To round this all out, obviously, this is a holistic proposition, meaning ultimately things get defeated by the weakest link. And so the more companies can take a holistic approach on security, the better. That will take some time, but there's no doubt that both by need and capabilities, we can see future where this will be more automated and we're intending to be a leader on the software automation of that.
Tom Diffely: So, do you think both the suppliers of the technology and the end customer need to be holistic or are we referring to just the end customer?
Aart de Geus: Excellent question, because if you look at the system houses, many of them develop software and then they also use software from others. And it's always interesting to go to people that manage very sophisticated supply chains like automotive, for example, and ask them are you using any open source software and they would immediately say of course not, it's way too dangerous and too many weaknesses and vulnerabilities in that. And then you ask them do you get software from anybody else? And then they sort of somewhat cheapishly look around the table, realizing that yes, there's a lot of software that creeps in via their suppliers. And that's just another way of saying what is arguably one of the most sophisticated supply chains, the automotive supply chain and has done so for safety reasons for decades is now moving rapidly to do same on the software side and that is why these certifications are as much -- exiting certification, meaning you develop some software and you have to display that its safe as well as incoming certification meaning that you incorporate some software from somebody else and you want to verify that it is indeed safe.
Tom Diffely: Okay, great. And I guess moving back to the environment for the semiconductor side, everybody is talking about how tough the environment is out there, but I was wondering on your viewpoint from EDA, are you seeing any negative impact as far as the number of engineer customers or pricing environment or the number of designs going down? Is there anything tangible that can be said after all the pressure on your customers?
Aart de Geus: Sure, well, our run rate continues to grow again this quarter, but we can clearly hear from the customers that there is a bit of churn and questioning and deciding where to cut and where to reinvest. And I agree with you. Maybe I should not have used the word tough because these tend to be more emotional than descriptive. I think it is really an industry that is going through a renewal again, and both technically and economically, things go up and then they gradually mature and then it's time to invest in the next generation and the next generation means the next silicone technologies, next design, next software and there's no question the computational capability of the hardware now multiplied by some of the newer breakthroughs in software will enable some products that are hard to imagine but that we will all understand the minute we see them. And the challenge is that until these have economic impact, it's an industry that is evolving. In that context, though, our focus has been very much on how much can we enable this and we enable it literally very much from the deep silicone, i.e. the generations of FinFET technologies through design, through verification, and now in early fashion, in helping enable better software. And so I think we're well-positioned. We should not underestimate and we should be helpful to our customers as they go through their challenges, but our industry I think has an opportunity to do well.
Tom Diffely: Okay, great. And finally Trac you've mentioned there is a particular strength of the hardware side, curious was that meaning emulation or were there other factors involved there? And what does that mean for your outlook going forward?
Trac Pham: Hi, Tom. Yes, Q2 was actually a very strong quarter for hardware and we saw strength in both emulation and has prototyping. That leads us to increase the guidance for this year. The large part leads to us increasing guidance for the year, but as you notice the growth across the different products, we're also very -- it will across multiple product lines.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Do you know roughly where you are on the market share spectrum for emulation at this point?
Aart de Geus: Well, we do, but we don't typically communicate. Much of that is specifically--
Tom Diffely: Is a safe to say it's been growing over the last year?
Aart de Geus: Yes, we have been growing.
Tom Diffely: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from Krish Sankar with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had a few of them. First one what's the FX mainly due to yen? Was it a tailwind, or what is part of the reason for the raise, or has the dollar purely emulation product hardware driven?
Trac Pham: I'm sorry Kris, you're asking about the -- all the currency, yes, the only currency that would affect us is yen, but for the year, we expect about a 1% headwind from FX.
Krish Sankar: So, none of the guidance increase has to do with FX?
Trac Pham: Not at all. No.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. And then when I look at the July quarter, it looks like the expenses are going up in the July quarter. I wanted to know exactly what it is tied to. Is it more due to like higher cost due to hardware; is it more like investing in the OpEx side?
Trac Pham: Yes, combination. Obviously, it will be the normal seasonality from Q2 to Q3 as well as COGS as well as the merit increases that we'll experience in Q3.
Krish Sankar: Got it. All right. And just a final question. If you assume that your topline growth rate slows down, let's just say hypothetically to like under 5%, % or 4% growth, in that environment, can your EPS still grow 8% to 10%?
Trac Pham: Long-term our model is focused on high single-digit EPS and the balance for us is targeting [ph] between whatever that revenue growth is with margin expansion to make that work.
Krish Sankar: So, the long-term target of 8% to 10% or high single-digit EPS growth, what is the embedded topline growth in it?
Trac Pham: As we talked about in the past, the mix of revenue that as talked about is on the EDA side. The core EDA side is low to mid-single-digits. IP and systems in the low double-digits and then on the software integrity side, probably in the 20% range.
Krish Sankar: Got it. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: A question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty: Yes. Thanks. Hi, guys. Aart you mentioned customers that are going through restructuring. Curious if any of those customers have come back to you looking to restructure their contracts and whether you've actually done that for of the customers at this point?
Aart de Geus: The answer is no.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And the maintenance and service revenue down year-over-year for the second quarter, how do we put -- is there anything that we can read into that either with the way that you're managing some of the services or how much of that may be on the maintenance side versus the service revenue? Anything to read into the transit there?
Aart de Geus: Sterling, are you referring to the revenue mix of time base versus maintenance?
Sterling Auty: Versus service as well.
Aart de Geus: Yes. So, there's nothing fundamental there. That would be a function of timing of revenues.
Sterling Auty: Okay, last question. The duration of the 2.3 years, any additional color or commentary you can get to that, how does some of the emulation hardware sales impact that if at all in terms of how the calculation is done and do you think that customers may be doing shorter deals is actually healthier for you given the environment because it gives you a chance to more quickly go back and have the next discussion around and kind of upsell/cross sell for the next renewal?
Aart de Geus: Okay. Let me say that Q2 bookings were strong and we saw growth in run rates for Q2. The 2.3 years of duration is just a function of the deals we booked in Q2. As we've said in the past that will vary from quarter-to-quarter depending on the mix of business we booked. Keep in mind that in Q1, we actually had a good quarter and our duration was 3.7. So, it can change quite a bit from quarter-to-quarter. We still expect for the full year, we'll end up around three years of duration.
Sterling Auty: Got it. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: A question from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks, good evening. Aart a couple of our product questions to start. You highlighted the momentum that you're seeing with IC Compiler II and indeed the off roll industry data would suggest that the implementation category as a whole, that includes you, has seen it uplift now for a number of quarters. The question is if you could comment on other related projects in digital in terms of any approved growth you are seeing or expect to see for example RTL [ph] simulation which is important category for you that's also seemly showing some signs of uplift, analysis, physical verification, as well and if you can even talk about perhaps what your expectations are in custom where it's understood, of course, that [Indiscernible] quite small.
Aart de Geus: Well, in general, if you lump all of those together, you would have most soft core EDA which I think the trailing 12 months is somewhere between 8% and 9% growth. So, it has been very good. You mentioned a number of the categories that clearly stand out as having been very solid. Aside of the place and route space where we have enormous amount of involvement with customers. We also see that the verifications space is growing rapidly. And there is a reason for that which is that the verification space which many years ago for us was dealing with hardware circuitry, i.e. chips; today is very much at the intersection between hardware and software. And that's just another way to say people would like to exercise their software on hardware they don't have yet and so for that they use a simulation or emulation and that will continue to grow in my opinion. In that context, all of these fields also need continuously faster, higher capacity tools because the chips and the systems are growing in complexity. Now, around these tools are number of very fundamental tools such as all the Sign-Off tools and back in before timing, it can also be for physical verification. Those continue to do very well also because tolerance for errors, of course, are very low given that the cost of having to redo a chip is extremely high and the tools are technically doing very well and that I think and that we expect that to continue to be another solid part of our business. So, maybe what's remarkable about this quarter is that it's been doing well across the Board. And finally on Custom Compiler, I think this is finally the result of not only a large amount of internal development, but also on the integration of a number of tools that we've had and acquisitions that we've made. This was complex work and took maybe longer than what we wanted, but the result is actually quite impressive and now we're entering the market with this and it will be interesting to see how much we can do.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: A couple questions around hardware, could you comment on the comparative demand writers for ZeBu and HAPS both of which as you said did well. And more specifically are you seeing any kind of joint or common adoption by customers of both for different reasons, of course, but still going into the same customer with those products. And then for Trac on that subject, when you look at your cost of license revenue in the quarter, it was up quite significantly from Q1 and even up from Q4, which was known to be a quite strong hardware quarter. So, should we infer that your hardware business was in fact better than what was already a quite strong Q4 for that?
Aart de Geus: So, first about the ZeBu versus HAPS, and really its ZeBu HAPS and the rest of the verification continuum because at a minimum one should throw in the VCS simulator and a virtual prototyping, because those four tools are clearly part of a continuum depending on how much detail you want to look at versus how much speed you want to achieve. And so if you look at virtual prototyping and HAPS, they tend to set at the high architectural level or where software development needs to be really running blindingly fast. ZeBu is more at the intersection, VCS is clearly a little a -- is closer to the hardware side. And so yes, we have customers that have literally all of them, but it's also true that most customers have their own religion on verification depending on where they come from and that invariably determines how they enter this space and they are always surprised that there other ways of looking at it. So, I think there's a lot of opportunity to push this forward.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Sorry, and then really cost of revenue question.
Aart de Geus: Yes. Your question about COGS was -- cost of license was up for the quarter and that was driven by hardware.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: All right. And then lastly in our latest assessment of your hiring plan or least your open positions, when you look at it by product and functional area, we noticed a pretty significant increase in your positions you're looking to fill having to do with D.C. Quite a bit more than you have in the past. And synthesis has been a fairly flat category for some time as far as revenues are concerned, so should perhaps we should infer you're looking to significantly invest more in synthesis and perhaps start to drive that category more than we've seen to-date. Similarly, we saw pretty significant increase in your open rack for AEs, which was of course perineal stage in EDA to hiring but it was a pretty large increase and perhaps you can comment on what you are looking to do there?
Aart de Geus: Well, the hiring wavelength from different products tend to be somewhat arbitrary as a function of are we shifting some resources from one product to another? Are there areas we want to emphasize more? Is there development going? Is there some need to connect the tools to each other more? So, there can be many reasons behind that which may be an elegant way of not quite answering your question. On the AEs, there's no question that demands from the customers for more support is unabated. And this is especially true as they are trying to look at how to save money on their own resources. And by the way, the skills that we have are quite unique and helping make them successful. I would add to that the other thing is that we are really proliferating quite a number of very powerful and successful products, but the proliferation itself require some effort. Last but not least there is a continual readjustment in terms of the geographies because different geographies are growing at different paces and they are sort of waves you need to engage in more. And it's an ongoing evolution of the company. I was personally not aware there was such a change on the hiring side. So, I guess you see something I don't know about yet.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you, Aart.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go next to line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First generally if you look Q2 is your largest quarter, but it's more of the mid quarter Q3 guidance, Q4 is like flattish from Q2, Q3, why would that be the case? Are you just being conservative?
Trac Pham: Monica, it's just the normal nature of the profile. We -- based on how we executed in the first half, we feel pretty good about the guidance that we've given for the full year and the visibility for Q3, that's a pretty reasonable forecast and so there's nothing unusual about the quarter-on-quarter change.
Monika Garg: Okay. Then the question on operating margins, your margins are still kind of quite [Indiscernible] through these competitor events, almost 250 basis point lower, when do you think you would be able to catch up with the margin difference?
Aart de Geus: Well, as we have said for a long time is our objective continues to be in the mid-20s. We simultaneously also have continued to invest substantially in a number of new areas and techniques and the investment in the software integrity space is a good example of that. And where we are continuing to actually believe that this is a good move, it does take time to grow our business that has major impact on a company the size of Synopsys. But we are continuing on our track to grow earnings per share well. And so in the balances of all this, our objective is to do well in the EPS year-to-year and at the same time, make sure that we invest sufficiently in the long-term, especially in light of the opportunities that are being looked at by many of our customers.
Monika Garg: Got it. Then question on the other side, you talked about one design then on EDA side for auto, would you talk for any other designs which you think are in the pipeline, how big you think order could be as a percentage of revenue?
Aart de Geus: Sorry, it was hard little to hear you, did you talk about the automotive side?
Monika Garg: Yes. And especially on the EDA side.
Aart de Geus: Yes. The automotive is an interesting field because it's a feel that in the past was not only not very large in semiconductor, it was also viewed as extremely stogy, meaning slow moving and for many good reasons, right, safety was very key and so the development plans were very lengthy. That has changed quite radically because not only the increase on the electric side of car propulsion, but much more intensely on the control ADAS, the automatic driving, these are all revolutionary concepts that just a few years ago looked like science fiction and today are visibly in action and so the race is very much on. Well, that has brought about that's automation companies and their suppliers often refer to as the tier-1 suppliers are fully engaged in doing advanced design and looking at FinFET technologies and looking at computation to support a variety of digital intelligence capabilities. While those are all interesting and I think we're extremely well-placed for those because we certainly have FinFET experience, we can help them with that and we have also product that stretches all the way into the software and most importantly touches the security angles which, of course, are immensely important. So, from that perspective I think we will continue to do well and actually better and better and actually I think we have a number of companies in the automotive area that have done quite well with us in the last few quarters.
Monika Garg: Got it. And then last one Trac on the buyback, you had said this year buybacks should be up year-over-year, last year you did about 280 million, you have 200 million right now, how much can we expect in the back half?
Trac Pham: I won't comment on that specifically, but it would be north of 280.
Monika Garg: Okay. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue.
Aart de Geus: Well, thank you very much for attending this conference call again. I think we concluded a strong quarter against a somewhat turbulent background, but we're continuing to invest in things that are quite important for the future and I think we were placed certainly to deliver against the expectations for this year. As usual, please join us for the after-hour calls here. Thank you.
Operator: Gentlemen that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference Services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-02-17 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank – Vice President-Investor Relations Aart de Geus – Chairman and co-Chief Executive Officer Trac Pham – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Masuda – D.A. Davidson Darren Jue – JPMorgan Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Gary Mobley – Benchmark Srini Sundar – Summit Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2016. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded.  At this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thanks very much. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets, and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC report and today's earnings press release. The reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, earnings press release, and financial supplements that we released earlier today. All of these items plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on this site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Q1 was a very good start to the year. We delivered revenue of $569 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.68. We entered into a $200 million accelerated share buyback program and are well on-track to meeting our revenue, EPS, and operating cash flow objectives for the year. Trac will discuss these in more detail shortly. As most of you know well, Synopsys serves the broad Electronics industry all the way from Silicon to Software. Over the past five years this market has seen, and is seeing, dramatic changes as continued advances bring daunting complexity challenges, but also a fabulous wave of impact and business  opportunities.  Most notably, demand is expanding for mobile and cloud infrastructure to support the enormous potential of big data, which is accelerated by a wave of Internet of Things data generation. Internet of things, or IoT for short, itself is rapidly morphing into the next generation of smart everything meaning digitally intelligent devices using functions such as vision, learning, and reasoning, as we’re already seeing in assisted and autonomous driving. The increase in complexity of these sophisticated hardware/software systems challenges the entire value chain. Whereas the race is on again along the traditional metrics of performance, power and cost, it’s also subject to growing concerns on how to deal effectively with systemic security issues.  Synopsys is uniquely focused on enabling our customers across three market segments: Semiconductor companies, who design chips and increasingly embed software in them;  Systems companies, who develop products that incorporate chips while adding their own differentiating software; and Software developers across many industry segments, who focus on handling the increasing complexity and security of their code. For Synopsys, “complexity” is in our DNA and we’re well equipped to enable the next generation of opportunities. Many years of investments have made us the market and technology leader in EDA; the second largest IP company in the world; and the emerging front-runner in addressing the critical new software quality and security space.  We’re consciously building our Silicon to Software market position with an objective to grow shareholder value through strong operating cash flow generation, solid revenue growth and expanding annual non-GAAP operating margins through a balanced capital allocation strategy featuring stock buybacks to maintain or shrink share count. And acquisitions to expand our SAM and TAM and through the most predictable recurring, time-based revenue model in the industry, supported by a large multi-year backlog. Our objective thus remains to drive long-term revenue and earnings growth, while continually evolving the position of Synopsys towards the sweet spot of today’s and tomorrow’s electronics. Let me make a couple comments on the present landscape. In Semiconductors, the environment is essentially unchanged since we spoke in December.  While consolidations are a bit of a headwind for the EDA industry, as customers rationalize their combined businesses over time, Synopsys is faring quite well in these situations.  The mission critical nature and completeness of our solutions mitigate risks and our Q1 results are very encouraging. In Systems, our strong position and focus on the intersection of hardware and software have been particularly positive, and we’re seeing growth for Synopsys. For software developers, our rapidly evolving platform of quality and security solutions is getting attention, and we see increased calls to action, most notably from the security perspective. Now to some highlights from the quarter, beginning with EDA. In Q1 we signed a significant agreement with Globalfoundries for design, verification and manufacturing tools. Synopsys is supporting their recently acquired IBM ASIC business by providing access to a full Synopsys flow, including IC Compiler II place and route and IC Validator physical verification.  In addition, a cornerstone memory supplier increased its business with us by more than 25% per year, with particular strength in analog simulation and manufacturing. Meanwhile, our next-generation physical design system, IC Compiler II, continues its rapid deployment as customers see excellent results. The solution is production proven, with nearly 150 production designs supporting 19 different silicon process nodes.  Demand is quite high as IC Compiler II continues the fastest ramp of the Synopsys product ever, with opportunity for further growth. Some visible successes include: November’s qualification of IC Compiler II by Samsung Foundry for its 10nm production work. A collaboration with Globalfoundries on the industry’s first 22nm FD-SOI process and reference flow that includes Synopsys synthesis, IC Compiler II, and signoff. As the clear leader in advanced design tools, we are witnessing increased adoption of 16, 14, 10 and even 7nm FinFET technology. Of the 286 active FinFET designs currently being tracked, Synopsys is relied on for 95% of those chips. 100% of the 10nm and 7nm tape-outs completed thus far utilized Synopsys design tools. Notable also is Samsung already providing 10nm qualified Synopsys physical verification run-sets. IC Validator, which works particularly well with IC Compiler II and on FinFET technologies, is seeing an increase in customer utilizing its full signoff status. We also experienced strong growth and business alignment this quarter with multiple silicon manufacturing partners in both lithography and TCAD at very advanced nodes. Now to verification, an area where we’ve seen excellent growth as our vision is now being realized. A number of years ago, we recognized that existing verification approaches were woefully inadequate to deal with the upcoming complexity growth in hardware, and the systemic challenges of hardware and software. We had a vision, anchored around our market-and technology leading VCS simulation, to  deliver a complete platform of interacting verification techniques which we called the Verification Continuum. This vision and its subsequent execution were right-on, and today we’re seeing excellent technical results, as well as business and market share growth. A great example in Q1 was a major enterprise-level partnership and expanded commitment to Synopsys by one of the top mobile semiconductor companies, to drive state-of-the-art technology collaboration and broadened adoption of our solution. Both the hardware and software elements of our Verification Continuum did well this quarter. Our emulation system, ZeBu, saw excellent growth and continues to demonstrate performance and cost advantages. In prototyping, we shipped a large number of our next-generation HAPS FPGA based systems. On the software side, our virtual prototyping solution is having solid success, particularly in the auto industry. As evidenced by a large Q1 agreement with a leading U.S. OEM, our automotive strategy is bearing fruit as the industry is massively increasing its investments towards opportunities such as Advanced Driver Assistance Systems. We expect the verification business to do well this year. Now to our IP products, where a solid results quarter accompanied continued expansion of our already broad portfolio. Our distinct leadership in interface IP continues. This quarter we were first to market with the new USB Type C, which supports the connector that functions with either side up or down.  In Q1, we also announced our Data Fusion Subsystem for IoT devices. The many sensors on cell phones, tablets, and the like need to take data in and process it effectively. This first-of-its-kind integrated subsystem bringing together the processors, peripherals, memories, libraries and drivers necessary makes it easier, quicker, and lower risk for customers to build this functionality into their chips. We also continue to innovate in our security IP portfolio. This quarter, we announced an enhanced security package, featuring data encryption, address scrambling, and data integrity checks aimed at providing protection from system attacks and IP theft. The theme of security naturally brings me to our Software Integrity business group. This new TAM, higher growth area is our most recent investment and holds great promise, as testing for defects and security vulnerabilities is now a necessity in virtually every market segment, ranging from automotive, to health, to energy, to financial markets. Our objective is to provide both developers and users of software with tools to automatically check for quality and security issues, as the software is being developed or  used in larger systems. The size of this tools market is approximately $2.4 billion, highly fragmented, and growing about 20% per year. Driven by a universe of 20 million plus software developers and a cost of failure that has gone up dramatically, particularly when human safety is at stake, this market is evolving rapidly. Last week you may have seen the President’s budget proposal, in which he asked for a 35%, $5 billion increase in the U.S. cyber security budget. Another good example is automotive, where, following some widely published hacking incidents, focused on software security and safety has become intense.  As we attract some world class experts, integrate technologies from the four software security companies acquired in last eight months, and closely collaborate with the automotive industry to help drive standardization efforts addressing cyber security, we’re garnering attention and building a strong brand in the new emerging area of software sign-off. I hope you see from my comments that our Silicon to Software push is both well anchored and visionary. Last quarter we delivered excellent progress in virtually every area of our business. In summary Q1 was a very good start to the year, and we’re well  on-track towards meeting our annual financial targets Our core business is solid with areas of promising growth; we continue to invest towards broadening our TAM; and our Silicon to Software vision aligns well with where the customer base is going, and opens up brand new markets. Let me now turn the call over to Trac.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. Q1 was an excellent start to the year. Building on the momentum from 2015, we continued to execute very well in a challenging environment.  Q1 business levels were strong. We met or exceeded all quarterly financial targets. And we returned $200 million to shareholders through our stock buyback program. With our strong Q1 performance, we remain confident in our ability to achieve 2016 revenue, earnings and cash flow objectives.  Now to the numbers: As I talk through Q1 results and 2016 targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue was $569 million, with growth across all product platforms. Over 90% of revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue. The duration of new renewable customer license commitments averaged approximately 3.7 years, which reflects a couple of large, longer-term agreements. Duration will vary depending on customer requirements and we expect the full year 2016 to average approximately three years. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $497 million. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $440 million, slightly below our target range, due largely to the timing of expenses which included some delayed hiring. Q1 non-GAAP operating margin was 22.5%, and for the year, we expect margin to increase over 2015. We will continue to drive global operational efficiency in order to expand non-GAAP operating margin to a solid mid-20s range.  GAAP earnings per share were $0.39, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.68, above our target range. Similar to prior years, Q1 had a net operating cash outflow. The $35 million outflow was due largely to the timing of 2015 annual incentive compensation payments. We expect this strong operating cash flow for 2016, with a target of at least $500 million.  We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $706 million, with 16% onshore – and total debt of $228 million. In 2016, we plan to increase buybacks to slightly reduce share count. In Q1, we initiated a $200 million ASR, which we’ll complete in Q2. There is $300 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization.  In addition, we closed a couple of small acquisitions in the software security space, adding key technology to support our strategy and drive long-term growth. DSO was 57 days, within our target range, but up from Q1 last year due to strong business levels. We ended Q1 with 10,290 employees, with more than one-third in lower-cost geographies. The increase in headcount was due to planned hiring and acquisitions.  Now to second quarter and fiscal 2016 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For Q2, the targets are: revenue between $595 million and $610 million, as we communicated in December, we expect more variability and quarterly revenue due to the timing of our hardware and consulting business. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $503 million and $522 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $450 million and $460 million; other income between $0 million and $2 million. A non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%. Outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million, GAAP earnings of $0.38 to $0.47 per share, and Non-GAAP earnings of $0.78 to $0.81 per share. For 2016, revenue of $2.35 billion to $2.39 billion, other income between $0 million and $4 million, and a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%. Outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million, a reduction of 2 million shares versus our prior guidance range. GAAP earnings of $1.64 to $1.79 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $2.93 to $3.00 per share, capital expenditures of approximately $80 million, and cash flow from operations of at least $500 million. In summary, our priorities remain centered on managing the business to maximize long-term shareholder value; our predictable business model and strong cash profile provide a very solid financial foundation for this year and beyond and with our strong Q1 performance, we remain confident in our ability to achieve 2016 revenue, earnings and cash flow objectives. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first, we will go to the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar: Hi thanks for taking my question I actually joined a little late. The first question was Aart the Globalfoundries customers you mentioned, is it a new win or is it an existing customer what kind of margin profile do you expect for that business?
Aart de Geus: Krish if you don’t mind we never call into about specifics about a customer. But Globalfoundries be it through the Globalfoundries side or the IBM side were customers before and I can only say that we are very pleased with the results and the support from Globalfoundries. It has worked very well. 
Krish Sankar: Got you, no worries. The second question I had was you know obviously you guys spoke about it last earnings call there have been a lot of chatter around impact about semi M&A on R&D? Kind of curious, have you actually started seeing any impact or what are your customers telegraphing to you either those that just finished the acquisition or those that are in the process of getting acquired?
Aart de Geus: So Krish, sorry you missed a little bit at the beginning. I tried to explain that we have really three customer categories the semiconductor ones the system houses and the software companies. When we are talking about consolidation in the semiconductor industry we are mostly talking about literally semiconductor companies, people that design chips, maybe embedding a lot of software, but nonetheless, are centered there.  And of course a number of the consolidations that occurred or that got started in the last 18 months have meanwhile progressed and closed in some cases, and we are engaged with all of these companies. As I mentioned in the preamble, we are very encouraged by the results that we have gotten, that we are faring quite well with this. And I think one of the reasons is that as companies look for becoming more efficient, they also often rethink which suppliers they want to work with and how they want to work with them. And given both our vision from hardware towards software and our ability to deliver a very broad I think well-honed set of platforms, we are not only a leader in helping them differentiate themselves in technology, but also far and away the lowest risk. And so we have fared well with this.
Krish Sankar: Thanks, Aart. And just a final question either for you or Trac, you guys have done a great job in execution and, talking about a mid-20s operating margin profile. I'm kind of curious, is this a business that can be a 30% operating margin business, driven by any kind of like levers you can pull on the OpEx side? Or is this a business where Op margin expansion is just purely a function of drop-through from the top line?
Trac Pham: Well, Krish, I would emphasize we're focused on driving high single-digit EPS growth sustainably. I think reality is getting to a 30% ops margin. You can do it for a short-term, but not sustainably over time. The nature of our business is pretty technical. Long-term, though, to drive high single-digit EPS growth sustainably, it's really going to come through a combination of driving top line growth and margin expansion. And the benefit we have in terms of trying to grow margins, we'll really be looking at how we balance the portfolio between core EDA, IP, and software integrity. And also as we look across our functional grids, whether that's R&D sales and marketing and G&A. I think typically you’ve referred to the 30 – folks will look at R&D spend, but from our side, we'll increase margins either from driving that top line or balancing our resources.
Krish Sankar: Okay. Thanks, Trac. Thanks, Aart.
Operator: And next we’ll go to the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Andrew Masuda: Yes, it's Andrew Masuda asking a question on behalf of Tom. First one for Aart, just on the IP business, could you maybe update us on the percentage of IP that is outsourced today and, where do you see it going over the next year or two?
Aart de Geus: Well. First, it’s actually a difficult question to answer, because the definition of IP that's outsourcable has grown dramatically in the last few years. For those that have followed us for many years, you recall that at some point in time we were proud to provide an adder and simple things like that. Today we are absolutely driving the state of the art of building blocks in terms of both complexity and some of the advanced [indiscernible] USBs and other interfaces are not only very complex on their own. They are also extremely complex as you put them into brand-new silicon technology, such as 10-nanometer or fin set. We ourselves think that at best, 50% or so has been outsourced. I just want to give the honest caveat that it’s a little bit hard to estimate. But as a little side note the evolution in the market that we see both through some of the consolidations, but also through this move towards providing much more differentiation through the combination of hardware and software, makes a number of customers focus on the higher levels of abstraction. Meaning more and more of the software, and therefore an increased tendency to delegate or to outsource the hardware IP and we are in a certainly a very good position to benefit from that.
Andrew Masuda: Great. Thank you. And then next question is for Trac. Could you maybe just talk about your expectations on the linearity for operating cash flow as we move throughout the year?
Trac Pham: Operating cash flow. Let me describe the P&L and maybe that can help you. You probably expect that the second half revenues will be a little higher than the first half. Same thing with expenses, with EPS ramping up weighted towards second half. Lisa later on can probably give you more details in the after calls.
Andrew Masuda: Great. Thank you.
Trac Pham: You’re welcome.
Operator: And next we’ll go to the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Darren Jue: Hi. It’s Darren is here on for Sterling. Thanks for taking the question. Just wondering about those large deals that drove the contract duration higher. Was there any sort of unusual level of discounting that had to be extended to get those customers to sign the long-term deals? Or was it sort of their desire to sign the longer term deals?
Aart de Geus: Well, the reason customers sign long-term deals is maybe financial, but in most cases it’s really because one is looking at a collaborative partnership that has the potential to create additional differentiating value for the customer. And over the years from time-to-time we have done very engaging – build very engaging relationships that have demonstrated that working closely together cannot only impact the way our tools are used presently, but also hone it for the specific situation that the customer has. And so although of course when you do a multi-year deal, you always make sure that it is balanced for both parties. You also make sure that one creates something that is beyond what would be just a customer supplier relationship.
Trac Pham: Darren this is Trac. I would stress that not only were the deals large, but they were quality deals. We did see run rate grow in Q1.
Darren Jue: Okay. And maybe just one other question for you, Trac. At least based on our model, looked like most of the upside in the quarter in terms of EPS actually came from the gross margin line. I was wondering if you could just talk about what drove that.
Trac Pham: Yes, the overachieve on EPS is really expense story. We were light on expenses. Typically we started the year behind in hiring and this year was probably more, more in common with that. We'll be catching – we'll try to catch up on our hiring for the rest of the year. If you look at our head count, it was pretty flattish versus the end of the year. That's where the upside came from.
Darren Jue: Okay. All right, thanks.
Operator: And next we’ll go to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yes, thank you. And couple of questions, Aart, about how your business is evolving and the end market and start with the most popular question, of course, having to do with consolidation. So it sounds as though so far it hasn't had an adverse effect on you in terms of post merger, budgeting versus premerger budgeting. The longer-term question is for you. Do you think that the concentration of your customer base, the top 10 or 20 will be up, down or sideways over time, at least in the core business? Do you think the top 10 to 20 will continue to account for half or more of your revenues, even taking into account some post merger cutting among some of your large customers? And couple other questions.
Aart de Geus: Well, by definition, when you have consolidation, that means that some customers are becoming larger, assuming that you continue the business relationship, which we have. And so I think that is not a new phenomenon and that will continue. At the same time, I've always been a believer that in times of consolidation, you can't look at it as a maturation of a market, or you can look at it as the beginning of a next phase. And the reason we're emphasizing and we're investing along the lines of working with both semiconductor systems and software developers is precisely, because we see an evolution in the market that we will continue to emphasize this increased role of the intersection between software and hardware. And so we are well positioned for that. Obviously, on the hardware side, we go as deep as anybody down into the silicon. On the software side, we have put down new gamuts in the software sign-off, software integrity space.  And then in the middle, we have a large business that deals with the intersection of those two, be it in verification or even some in the IP side. So I think we're well balanced and I tried to express that by saying we're trying to sort of follow the sweet spot of the industry. And in that context, of course, the players do change over time. But I think we're – we have solid roots down and I think good opportunities looking up.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: With respect to the IP business, you said yourself that in the early days, the technology was, that you offered was fairly primitive compared to what you do now. But it's always been the case that IP has been a fairly fragmented business. In other words, lots of different categories, which historically had made it hard to scale as far as margins were concerned. You've done better over the years now with margins, but my question is, particularly now in having to meet the needs of the new IoT markets, your new automotive strategy, et cetera. Could you foresee that the portfolio for IP becomes even more fragmented again and if it is so, how might that affect your cost structure or the margin profile going forward in IP?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think it's a good question, although I must say we never use the word fragmented about our own position because we see it as broad. Meaning that having more products available, more IP titles is actually a good thing, given that it is relatively costly to build up the channel that is capable of both selling and supporting this. Secondly, given that it's important to build good relationships with the customers and if the trust the IP1 delivers, they are more likely to come back for other things. And so in that context, I hope that we will continue to actually broaden the portfolio. But I also would say that we are deepening the portfolio because maybe to be more to the point, the difference between a USB 1, a USB 2, a USB 3 and now a 3.1 and a USBC are quite remarkable just in terms of the capabilities that go into that part. And then on top of that, you layer the evolution on the silicon side from I forgot when we started this, probably by 65-nanometer or so, and then down to 40, 28, 16, 14, 10, and now 7. That is a substantial evolution in terms of the complexity of what we deliver. And so all the more is a trust relationship, an execution relationship with customers essential. So if we can broaden it even more, that is good. But we also partner very well with some other key providers and our objective is to make sure that our customers are successful with this way of doing design. So far, I think it's proven to be true.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: One more for you, if I may, on strategy and then wrap up with Trac on Q1. So you've become quite enthused now about the automotive opportunity and the question there is how you see yourself positioned for that. In other words, do you think your play is largely at the IP and software integrity level, or do you think you can and should move up the supply chain into the automotive systems suppliers themselves, or even up into the OEM level that car companies themselves, as Mentor has done, for example, in some cases. Lastly for Trac, for Q1, would it be fair to say that the substantial sequential increase in your IP business was correlated to the unusually large sequential increase in the Asia-Pac business? And then on the other hand, was your decline from Q4 North America largely correlated to a sequential decline in emulation? Thanks.
Aart de Geus: So let me start with your automotive question. The first reason why, of course, automotive is in so many discussions is because somewhat surprisingly so, almost overnight it has turned into the poster child of what digital intelligence can do. And this, I say surprisingly so, because automotive in the past has been a relatively slow adopter of silicon technology for many good reasons, because safety was absolutely paramount. And so it demanded a lot of very specific long-term design. I think this is changing radically, meaning that suddenly automotive is now on the clock tick of Silicon Valley, so to speak, of software combined with most advanced silicon. And therefore, many of the capabilities and tools and IP that we provide is front and center. Now, to your specific question of our position in automotive, we have a remarkably complete set of capabilities that is well vested in a number of automotive-specific techniques, such as making sure that the chips are designed with proveable safety and verifiability in mind. So in that context, we I think are very well positioned and very engaged at by the way, all the levels that you mentioned. So semiconductor companies, Tier 1s, even some automotive companies specifically. I don’t want to go overboard with the enthusiasm here either. It’s an industry that doesn’t ship as many cars as their cell phones. So the numbers are somewhat moderated by that. But it is an industry that suddenly has caught the bug of how do they differentiate themselves in this new space and I think the race is very much on.
Trac Pham: So Jay, this is Trac. Your question regarding the geographic growth and the product growth, I wouldn’t read into any correlation between other geographic growth and product growth. We see both emulation and IP as growth areas for us long-term and that's pretty broad-based. We're not expecting that necessarily comes from any one geography. It would be broad-based growth.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Right, but I was asking specifically if that was the case, however, in Q4 to Q1.
Trac Pham: In emulation, that would be partly the case, whether it's quarter on quarter, yes.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next we'll go to the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest.
Monika Garg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I – First I have a follow-up on the questions he asked earlier. If you look at your closest feared Cadence they posted north of 26 points operating margin last year and we could see them going to at least 27 points in one or two years. Since you are still talking about mid-25% margins, my question is to understand it's not 30% of margin business, but could Synopsys be between 25 to 30 points.
Aart de Geus: Monika, we have said for a while that where we are heading is toward the mid-20s. So these numbers are all in that space. At the same time, one of the things that we decided to do a couple of years ago is to invest specifically in a new emerging area. And we did that with the belief and understanding that a lot of functionality would move into software, that the software was quickly going to reach the issue of complexity and then security issues that would become enormous, and we continued to invest in that. Of course such an area initially is not particularly profitable. But it has potential. Secondly, we have seen that the investments that we've made recently through some of the acquisitions initially bring about a small hair cut and those are the small differences that would make up or explain what you were mentioning. Be it as it may, our objective is very clear. Our objective has always been how do we deliver shareholder value over the long-term with a fairly consistent pattern so the intent is not to surprise anybody, but at the same time, to also not be hesitant to put our chips down if we see some opportunity. And that is exactly what we are continuing to do. You have noticed that in the last couple of years we have not been hesitant to also utilize our balance sheet towards buybacks, as we found them to be appropriate and have done so again this quarter. So the balance of those things is how we're managing the company.
Monika Garg: Got it. Aart and then as a follow-up, how big do you think emulation market can become? And how are you thinking about growth of your emulation business this year?
Aart de Geus: Well, you know, the emulation business is difficult to characterize because they are multiple players with multiple sort of cycles of product and there is some degree of – I wouldn't say seasonality as just things go up and down from one quarter to another because it's somewhat lumpy. Lumpy was the word I was looking for. Having said that, the reason that we are bullish around emulation is actually a broader one, which is that we are strong advocates and we think we strongly deliver around a vision of a verification continuum that allows to use emulation in the context of many other tools as appropriate for the task at hand. And without going too technically deep here, the reason this is important is because we are dealing with a space that goes all the way from verifying strictly some hardware to verifying some chips with embedded software all the way to people wanting to bring up entire operating systems and some application software on hardware that has not yet been built. And so in that context, the, the collection of technologies assembled in a platform that we have is truly quite amazing compared to where we were just five or six years ago. And we have seen that the take-up in system companies that are now hitting this intersection has been particularly positive and that was visible in some of the Q1 growth.
Monika Garg: Got it. The last one for Trac, Trac, at the midpoint you beat Q1 by almost $0.06 EPS and why not raise the yearly EPS guidance?
Trac Pham: Well, as mentioned, the overachievement was mostly on light expenses and, you know, most of that's timing, still early in the year. We are definitely focused on the full year, full-year EPS targets. At this point, we feel pretty good about the guidance.
Monika Garg: Got it. Thank you, so much.
Trac Pham: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Gary Mobley with Benchmark.
Gary Mobley: Hi. Guys. Thanks for taking my question. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but I did just have one question about the M&A environment. Given the equity Capital Markets turbulence and maybe some economic softness, more broad, has it become a buyer's market for cash-rich companies like you in what has been sort of a consolidation strategy? And in other words, are you seeing more companies being shopped to you that are perhaps a good strategic fit, are companies potential acquisition targets more amenable to price terms and considering the answer to that, do you feel the best use of cash might be to decelerate M&A pace or stay on the same cash return strategy or like some dividends and share buybacks?
Aart de Geus: Okay, well, Gary, you probably know that we never respond to specific M&A questions. But in general terms, if you watch Synopsys, we have found a balance between using repurchase mechanisms and M&A as the two ways to leverage our balance sheet. When we look at M&A, invariably it's driven by two things. Either a mechanism to increase the strength of our SAM, meaning purchase companies that have either technology or market position that we think we can do better with or that strengthens our position, or just as importantly, maybe even more important is opportunities to create new TAM for us. And so in that sense, the last 18 months have been interesting because we've done a number of acquisitions, starting with a company in the software quality space. And the reason that one was important is because that is the fundamental platform to analyze software. And then just in the last I think eight months or nine months or so, we've acquired four security companies that can all pretty swiftly be integrated into the overall software analysis platform. And so these are all good examples of how we utilize our cash on an ongoing basis.  Now, are there waves of these? Yes, they are. Sometimes they are driven by the state of the market. But in general, I would tell you that many of these things are often on the radar scope for many years and the moment has to just be right to be able to acquire something both from a seller point of view and a buyer point of view. And there's quite a bit of dating that goes around before marriage. So in that sense, we're always busy.
Gary Mobley: Understood. Appreciate the response. Thank you.
Operator: And next we’ll go to line of Srini Sundar with Summit Research.
Srini Sundar: Hi guys, thanks for taking my call. First question is on the mid-20% operating margin that others have also explored. My question is what do you propose will be the timing and how exactly will you achieve it? Meaning will it come from the gross margin line or R&D or a G&A? So if you could…
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, in general, as Trac alluded to, at the end of the day, revenue growth is the single-best recipe to grow margins, and in that sense, we are heading there. And as mentioned, based on some of the past acquisitions and recent investments, we see that the haircuts will gradually fade away and our continued growth and diligent expense management will get us there. So to me the issue is not can we get there or not. Yes, we will. And we have been committed to that for quite a while.
Srini Sundar: Okay. And my next question is if you go down in the dimensions of the nodes, the number of products that the foundries, that the foundries will design will be reduced. So, for the industry as a whole right now, semiconductors form the bulk of the revenues. So maybe by 2020, what kind of revenue percentage will come from the difference, do you think?
Aart de Geus: Well, in general, I would observe two things. The most advanced nodes by definition are always the ones that get adopted by the people that have both the skills to use them, but most importantly, have the business opportunity to leverage differentiation of faster, much more dense, lower power chips. Initially, that is invariably a small number, as the foundries themselves hone these processes to gradually grow the yields, meaning bring down the cost per chip. The most advanced design companies spend most money because they have an economic return on that differentiation.  If you look back at only three years or four years, the belief was that FinFET would be the reality for only three or four companies. Well, that is most definitely not the case. We are seeing actually a rapid increase now, as the proof points of solid FinFET technology are there by a broader set of companies. And interestingly enough, a set of companies that one would never have thought about in the past, the automotive companies, are suddenly interested here as well, as they want to introduce digital intelligence in their products. So I think the push will continue, which is not to say that it gets easier or much cheaper, but the value of differentiation is quite high and we will continue to work with those most advanced customers.  But as said, we also work equally much with the system houses that integrate these chips and each would have an understanding of the insides of the chip and the software that runs on it. So it's actually a fairly broad field of companies that we touch that are deeply involved with FinFET. 
Srini Sundar: Just one last question, your service revenues for Q1 seem to be the lowest among the last nine quarters. Any particular reason for that? 
Aart de Geus: The services line? It's right in the range, Srini, so when you look at the services line, it's a relatively flat at 61 versus the last quarter. And the nature of that business, that's where a lot of our IP consulting business does flow through. So it can move around quarter-to-quarter depending on the revenue signature and the project schedules. 
Srini Sundar: Okay. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Thanks.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: And there is no one left in queue to ask a question. I would like to turn it back to the speakers for any closing remarks.
Aart de Geus: Well, again, thank you very much for attending our earnings release. I think the first quarter was particularly positive as a start to the year and I think many of the issues that were alluded to last year actually quite mitigated. And so we have a strong outlook going forward. Thank you again for your time and we'll be available after the call for the analysts.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-12-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - Vice President, Investor Relations Aart de Geus - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rich Valera - Needham & Company Krish Sankar - Bank of America Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson Gary Mobley - Benchmark Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Xiao Yuan - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Synopsys earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Kerry. Good afternoon, everyone. Hosting the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets, and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent SEC report and today's earnings press release. The reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, earnings press release, and financial supplement that we released earlier today. All these items plus the most recent investor presentation are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. We are happy to report an excellent fourth quarter finish, wrapping up a strong fiscal year for Synopsys and providing a solid foundation as we enter 2016. During the year, we made excellent progress with the new generation of design and verification EDA tools, and are now in the midst of a multi-year product upgrade cycle. We also continued to invest in and grow our new Software Integrity products with several important acquisitions in the software quality and security space. Let me summarize our financial results for the quarter and year. We delivered fourth quarter revenue of $587 million and $2.242 billion for the year, a 9% increase, reflecting both solid organic growth and important acquisitions. We reported non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.67 in Q4, and 9.5% growth for the year to $2.77. Strong Q4 orders helped grow our three-year backlog to $3.6 billion. We generated approximately $495 million in operating cash flow and bought back $280 million in our stock, keeping share count flat. Building on our strong yearend position, we are setting a 2016 non-GAAP EPS objective of $2.93 to $3, a revenue target of $2.35 billion to $2.39 billion and an operating cash flow goal of at least $500 million. Trac will discuss these in more detail shortly. Several years ago, we embarked on a path to augment our leading silicon-enablement technology with a seamless connection to increasingly critical software elements and challenges. In 2015, we made excellent progress on our Silicon to Software vision. This vision and our execution put us at the right place, at precisely the right time, to help semiconductor and systems companies, as they transition to their next phase of growth. If you look back at history, the first phase in semiconductors was computation, driven by the PC; followed by mobility, driven by the smartphone; each of which prompting significant technology advances. We're currently seeing the beginnings of a third phase, aimed squarely at the next decade of the Internet of Things or what I prefer to call, Smart Everything. In Smart Everything, machine learning, image recognition and interpretation, reasoning and various other forms of artificial intelligence will impact every segment of the market. One remarkable example is in automotive, an industry that traditionally has only gradually adopted new technology, but is progressing by leaps and bounds from assisted to now autonomous driving. During these transition periods, we see some turbulence in the landscape, as many companies compete by refocusing their end-product differentiation, while others combine forces to ensure sufficient resources or market presence. In the last 18 months we've seen just that, with a large number of sizeable company consolidations contributing to analyst semi growth estimates of 2% for 2015 and 1% for 2016. In isolation, consolidations are a headwind for the EDA industry. However, they are also a hallmark of healthy restructuring in electronics, which drives major innovation from advanced silicon all the way up to software. Synopsys is well equipped, both technically and through our multi-year business model to navigate industry challenges. Our Silicon to Software center of gravity positions us well to again be a keystone provider in the next phase of the industry. Looking at 2016 and beyond, it's useful to assess how we're systematically evolving the company to deliver on this vision by focusing on four areas. First, develop and rollout the next generation of silicon design system capable of handling the most complex chips. Second, develop and rollout the highest performance verification solution for both the most complex chips, while addressing the intersection of hardware and software that is the very essence of modern electronic products. Third, grow in IP with a portfolio of building blocks, well suited for the next market of Smart Internet of Things devices. And fourth, grow in our new TAM of software quality and security, which addresses the needs of both software embedded in electronics and applications software in market segments as diverse as automotive, finance, health, energy and others. Let me report on our business from a product perspective in each area. In advanced design, we're tracking rapid adoption of 16, 14 and 10-nanometer FinFET technology. The cumulative number of active FinFET designs is approaching 260, a 50% increase in just one year. Synopsys is relied on for 95% of those chips, and 42 of the 43 leading-edge designs at 10-nanometer are using our design tools. Through our TCAD and OPC technology, we're also the go-to partner at 7 and 5-nanometer, collaborating with all top silicon providers as well as research consortia, such as IMEC. IC Compiler II is our cornerstone, next-generation physical design platform. Announced about 18 months ago, it saw a rapid, broad-based customer adoption during the year. In fact, it's the fastest-ramping product in our history, with now over 50 unique customers, active on 135 complex production designs, in 19 different process nodes. Its broad foundry certification enables continued momentum, and customers such as AMD, ARM, MediaTek, Renesas, SocioNext and Samsung have spoken publicly about their successes with IC Compiler II. Now, looking at verification. Complexity, not only exponentially grows with more sophisticated silicon, it greatly compounds with the amount of embedded software in all complex systems. This challenge, and thus opportunity for Synopsys, only increases as one foresees a decade of Smart Everything, with highly sophisticated hardware/software-optimized devices. We recognized this opportunity several years ago and accelerated R&D investments and M&A towards our Verification Continuum. Built around the fastest simulation, emulation and FPGA prototyping engine, our solution had an outstanding year of growth. A number of bellwether global companies have recently adopted our solution and we expect continued growth in FY '16. Specifically, we saw broad-based strength in emulation this year with technology that competitively leads in both performance and cost. In Q4, we shipped our new FPGA prototyping system, HAPS 80, with significantly faster performance. It enables customers to validate entire systems and accelerate software development by up to six to nine months. To further strengthen our Verification Continuum platform, in Q3 we acquired Atrenta, a leader in static and formal verification. The integration has gone quite well, and customers are very supportive of the combined product roadmap. Now, to our IP products, where we made good progress in expanding and optimizing our portfolio for IoT and key verticals, such as automotive. These application share many common building blocks, ranging from sensor connectors to embedded low-power processors and memories, to interfaces such as Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, to the security blocks that enable built-in encryption. In September, we introduced a comprehensive IoT platform built around our very broad IP portfolio, including our sensor subsystem and low-power ARC processors. Customer feedback has been very positive, and we'll continue to deliver extensions to the platform over the next year. This year, we also launched an automotive-grade IP solution, which includes ISO-26262 pre-qualified IP for applications such as vehicle connectivity, infotainment and advanced driver-assistance systems. In addition, we closed two key acquisitions. We acquired Bluetooth IP from Silicon Vision and Elliptic Technologies, a leading provider of security IP and expertise. Both of these are critical building blocks for a broad set of IoT devices. Our leadership in FinFET-ready IP continues. During the quarter we announced 10-nanometer IP at TSMC and won at a premier customer in Asia for advanced FinFET design. As customers grow their IP relationships with us, more and more are opting for longer-term volume purchase agreements, rather than project-based buying. For us, this is positively skewing the business mix towards more time based rather than up-front revenue. And now to software quality and security, our early-stage, higher-growth business group that we call Software Integrity. As a backdrop, I spoke earlier about the mega-trend in the software industry, dealing with exploding amounts of complex software content. A second related trend is the continuous growth in the number of software developers. One source estimates 20 million developers today, growing to 25 million over the next five years. And third, the tools market for quality and security, which analysts estimate at about $2.4 billion, is growing at about 20% per year. Our products help developers write better, more secure code. This is done by testing for quality defects and security vulnerabilities to help eliminate flaws during the development process. Building on last year's acquisition of Coverity, 2015 was a year of operational integration and scaling, and broadening our presence in the security space. Coverity expanded Synopsys' customer base. Half of its business was with our existing customers, albeit different users, and half with companies we had never worked with before in the application software space. This past year we fully implemented our sales strategy. Assisted by software integrity experts, the existing worldwide Synopsys channel now serves semiconductor and systems customers. And we have a dedicated enterprise sales team focused on application software firms in areas such as finance and health, for example. Similar to how we built our EDA and IP businesses, our growth strategy features a combination of organic investment and acquisitions. During 2015, our organic investment focused on strengthening the sales structure and on broadening language coverage. With three recent acquisitions, we also significantly invested in the security space, expanding our TAM by about $900 million. Most notable was Codenomicon, a well-known expert in dynamic security testing and the co-discoverer of the infamous HeartBleed bug in 2014. Augmenting the security portfolio were the Seeker products, which find high-risk security weaknesses throughout the software development lifecycle. And in the last month, Protecode, which specializes in managing open-source and third-party source code. Finally, we are very pleased to welcome Howard Schmidt to our advisory team as Security Advisor. Howard is a noted cyber security expert, and former advisor to Presidents Obama and Bush. These investments will have a near-term, slightly dilutive impact, as we scale into this higher-growth space. For 2016, we have three primary strategic goals in software integrity. One, unify all the acquired technologies into a next-generation quality and security platform. Two, evolve and expand our focus on vertical segments. And three, address new opportunities in the compliance arena. For example, we started a collaboration with Underwriter's Laboratories on its Cybersecurity Assurance Program. It's designed to help companies manage security risks via a certification process, similar to what they have been doing for years for electrical hardware devices. From an overall company financial perspective, our primary long-term objective remains to drive high-single digit, non-GAAP earnings per share growth through a mix of the following. One, organically grow traditional EDA revenue generally in the low-to-mid single-digit range. Two, organically grow revenue in IP systems and software solutions generally in the low double-digits. Three, actively explore TAM-expanding R&D and M&A opportunities. Four, focus on global operational efficiency to deliver solid non-GAAP operating margin in the mid-20s range. And five, optimize the use of our strong cash flow, through a balance of M&A, stock buybacks and debt repayment. While the combination of elements may vary, based on business cycles and in-period priorities, our long-term driving principles remain consistent. In summary, we completed a very strong year against a somewhat turbulent industry backdrop. Our game-changing design and verification products have made great strides and are yielding excellent results. Our IP business continues to grow in sophistication and business breadth. And our drive towards the new TAM of software quality and security is rapidly establishing Synopsys as a key player in this emerging market. With that, let me pass the mic to Trac for the financial perspective.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. As Aart mentioned, we delivered a strong finish to an outstanding year and continued to demonstrate our commitment to maximizing shareholder value. We generated 9% revenue and 9.5% non-GAAP earnings growth, and $495 million in operating cash flow. We ended the year with $3.6 billion in non-cancellable backlog and returned $280 million to shareholders through our stock buyback program. Simultaneously, we continue to make internal investments and acquire key technology to drive long-term growth. Despite a challenging semiconductor environment, we continue to execute very well and enter 2016 with a solid financial foundation. Our outlook reflects another year of increased growth and profitability and strong cash flow. In addition, our stable and predictable business model allows us time to respond, if the environment becomes more challenging. Now to the numbers. As I talk through Q4 2015 results and 2016 targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year, unless I specify otherwise. We closed another excellent quarter and achieved strong 2015 results. We delivered total revenue of $587 million in Q4 and $2.242 billion for the year. We significantly exceeded our original 2015 target, primarily as a result of solid organic growth. Revenue growth was strong across all product platforms, with particular strength in place and route and emulation, and across all geographies, except for Japan, which was affected by the yen. About 90% of Q4 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for more than 10% of both Q4 and 2015 revenue. The weighted average duration of the renewable customer license commitment was about 2.9 years for the quarter and about 2.7 years for 2015. We expect weighted average duration for 2016 to be approximately 2.7 years. Our three-year backlog increased to $3.6 billion from $3.5 billion, due to the timing of large contract renewals, business growth and acquisitions. We have approximately 80% of the 2016 revenue target already in hand, which provides us a good measure of stability and predictability. Turning to expenses. Total GAAP cost and expenses were $530 million for the quarter and $1.98 billion for the year. Total non-GAAP cost and expenses were $464 million for the quarter and $1.72 billion for the year. The annual increase was due to higher costs associated with employee compensation, planned hiring, acquisitions and cost of goods sold for emulation sales. We delivered very solid non-GAAP operating margins, 21% for the quarter and 23.4% for the year. At the midpoint of our 2016 guidance, non-GAAP operating margin is expected to increase by approximately 70 basis points over 2015 levels. We'll continue to drive company-wide operational discipline in order to fund our higher-growth initiatives, with an ongoing goal to deliver solid non-GAAP operating margin in the mid-20s range. Turning now to earnings. GAAP earnings per share were $0.31 for the quarter and $1.43 for the year. Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.67. Full year non-GAAP earnings grew 9.5% to $2.77. We were able to largely offset the dilution from acquisitions through strong operational execution. Cash flows were excellent and above guidance, due to strong business levels and collections. We delivered $152 million in operating cash flow in Q4 and $495 million for the year, despite the impact of outflows related to acquisitions. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $965 million, with 16% onshore and total debt of $205 million. In 2015, we repurchased 6 million shares of stock for $280 million. This was roughly 70% of the annual free cash flow. 1.7 million shares were delivered in Q4, as part of the $100 million accelerated share repurchase plan that was set up in August. The ASR was completed in November, when the final 377,000 shares were delivered. In September, the Board replenished our share repurchase authorization to $500 million. We plan to return more cash to shareholders in 2016 by increasing our buybacks to slightly reduce the share count. We expect operating cash flow to be at least $500 million in 2016. The quarterly profile will be similar to prior years, with a net outflow during Q1. This is due largely to the payout of the prior year's annual incentive compensation. DSO was 60 days, reflecting strong business levels. We ended Q4 with 10,280 employees, with more than one-third in lower-cost geographies. The increase in the number of employees was due to recent acquisitions, along with planned hiring. Now to the first quarter and fiscal 2016 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For the first quarter, the targets are: revenue between $560 million and $575 million, as we communicated in August, we expect increased variability in quarterly revenue due to lumpiness of hardware and consulting revenue. Total GAAP cost and expenses between $505 million and $524 million; total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $445 million and $455 million; other income between 0 and $2 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 155 million and 158 million; GAAP earnings of $0.25 to $0.33 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.60 to $0.63 per share. For fiscal 2016: revenue of $2.350 billion to $2.390 billion, which reflects roughly a 1 percentage point headwind impact from the yen; other income between 0 and $4 million; beginning in 2016, we've adopted a normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate, which is the norm for our industry, we'll continue to use a tax rate of 19% through 2018, we'll monitor the rate for any significant events that could materially affect it. Outstanding shares between 155 million and 158 million; GAAP earnings of $1.55 to $1.71 per share, which includes the impact of approximately $101 million in stock-based compensation expense; non-GAAP earnings of $2.93 to $3 per share; capital expenditures flat with 2015 at approximately $90 million; and cash flow from operations of at least $500 million. To help in your modeling, we expect second half revenue to be slightly higher than the first half, with Q4 the largest revenue quarter. Total non-GAAP expenses to skew slightly toward the first half of the year. And second half non-GAAP EPS to be moderately higher than the first half, with Q1 the lowest EPS quarter. We are also reiterating our multi-year goal of high-single digit non-GAAP EPS growth. In summary, even in the context of a challenging semiconductor environment, we're delivering very good results. Our 2016 outlook reflects solid growth in revenue and profitability and strong cash flow. Our healthy cash position, conservative business model, and excellent backlog provide a stable financial foundation for this year and beyond. And our focus remains centered on managing the business to maximize shareholder value. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Rich Valera from Needham & Company.
Rich Valera: Aart, as I'm sure you're aware, most of the large semi deals that have been announced have not yet closed, so presumably there could be some increased EDA headwinds as those deals closed and deals renew. Can you say what if any allowance that you've baked into your guidance to sort of allow for that potential pressure as those deals close and the contracts renew?
Aart de Geus: We think we have fully allowed for that in the sense that in my preamble I think I may have used the word, being prudent under the circumstances. And that's exactly what it meant, is understanding that these shifts are occurring, have occurred, but also understanding that we are actually quite well-positioned in those, meaning that in a number of situations customers, when they combine, they rethink where they want to go with their tools. And we think how they can be more efficient and more often than not they also select the better solution. And I hope that we can say that we have that solution in those cases. So from a guidance point of view, we obviously are well aware of this picture. And have tried to bake in our best estimation of what is likely to happen.
Rich Valera: And it sounds like you had a strong year with emulation. And I take it that means you didn't see any significant pause in that business in the fourth quarter, is that accurate, Aart?
Aart de Geus: Yes. I don't think that we saw any change in the fourth quarter versus the rest of the year. When we look at emulation, we look immediately at our overall verification continuum. And I think at this point in time, we have a value proposition that is really exciting, because all the sub-pieces are very good. And now we are starting to see the leverage between the different products and aspects of the solution. And the fourth quarter, in general, was maybe slightly surprisingly strong quarter for us, and I think bodes well for the next year.
Rich Valera: So you feel pretty good about the growth prospects of your hardware business, the emulation and the FPGA prototyping, is that a fair statement?
Aart de Geus: Yes. And there is a reason for that, which is that the entire industry, and what I mean with that is both the semiconductor side as well as the systems side is really focused and centered now on providing value that sits at this intersection of hardware and software. And you say what does the software have to do with these EDA tools. Well, it has to do a lot, because what people would like to do is to try out their software on the hardware before it's built. And in that context, that require super-fast simulation and debugging, and emulation and FPGA-based prototyping sits right in the middle of that. And so I think this is a very big trend that is going to be positive for the entire EDA industry.
Rich Valera: And just one more to clarify. Did you say in the prepared remarks, I think this was Trac, actually, that you expected to do a greater dollar amount of share repurchase in fiscal '16 versus fiscal '15?
Trac Pham: That's right, Rich. We did $280 million in '15 and we expect to do more than that in order to reduce the share count slightly to the range of 155 to 158 for '16.
Operator: And now to the line of Krish Sankar of Bank of America.
Krish Sankar: I had a couple of them, Aart, just to follow-up on the M&A question. Even though some of these M&A deals have not closed, have you seen a change in the behavior from the EDA purchasing managers at semi companies, anticipating the potential M&A, are they scaling back EDA purchases?
Aart de Geus: That reaction happens about 10 minutes after the deal was announced. Meaning that, within companies that are contemplating mergers, every employee in those companies ask themselves, so what about me and what happens next, and how do you align the company and so on. Now, there's a whole set of restrictions in terms of what they can do between companies that have announced mergers and have not merged yet. But there is clearly a large amount of planning that goes on in parallel to the process of seeking the various national approvals, and in that process they look at where their future will lie. It is certainly true that in practice the actions occur really only once their mergers are closed, but the thinking proceeds that.
Krish Sankar: And then I think in your prepared comments you kind of said that, one of the goals is to have like a low-to-mid single-digits kind of a core organic EDA growth rate. That seems like a shift from like prior growth rate expectations. I'm just kind of curious, if semi M&A is impacting EDA in the long run, at least being a headwind in the near-term, do you still need to have a 32% kind of a R&D as a percentage of sales given the fact that even if Moore's law are slowing and companies are consolidating, is there room to actually bring that R&D down, because it seems like pretty high run rate?
Aart de Geus: It's an excellent question, because whenever there are major shifts in the industry or the makeup of the industry, the characteristics of differentiation may evolve. What is clear, and by the way I think, very exciting, is that from a silicon perspective, we can see the next 10 years still cruising forward rapidly in terms of complexity. What this does is that it provides the computational platform that will make a whole different phase of software possible, and so from that perspective, yes, you may say, our R&D is high, but it's always been sort of at that level, because for literally 29 years of our existence, we have driven the state-of-the-art of Moore's law. And from a technical point of you, there is no slowdown. If nothing else, there is an acceleration because it's multiplied by the software side of things. Now, we do look at presently being in somewhat of a phase shift in the semiconductor industry as a number of companies look at these opportunities, invest, and reconfigure themselves towards them. I think we are already well-moved in that direction. And hopefully I was able to communicate a little bit the notion of the vision that we've had now for a number of years of silicon to software as really moving the center of gravity exactly where the customers are going to be in the next few years. And so notwithstanding, the normal turbulence, whenever you have new opportunities emerging, but not yet having big economic impact, I think we're very well-positioned for that.
Krish Sankar: And then just a final question from my end, Aart. If you look at the backlog growth, which is probably like 2 or 3 percentage year-over-year, it looks like bookings might have declined on an annual basis. Where was the biggest weakness you saw on the bookings?
Aart de Geus: Yes, the challenge with looking at bookings when you have a business profile that has a majority of the deals that are only averaged about round numbers three years, if some of the larger deals fall in a certain year, the backlog will grow, in other years it may actually shrink. And so maybe more relevant to your question, therefore, two other points, one is that the run rate continue to grow for us, but secondly, that we're entering again a year with essentially 80% of the revenue in hand. And so when we look at the backlog, the real main value of that is degree of stability that allows us to continue to invest precisely in turbulent times, so that as the economic opportunities come out, we're ready to grow with them.
Operator: And now to the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Let's actually follow that line of thinking, because that was actually one of my questions, but also shouldn't that sort of factors that are in that backlog that impact that calculated bookings growth won the timing of your largest customer and when that renewed? And how that impacts your calculation, as well as any contributions to the backlog from acquisitions? And if you could actually give us any additional color on what the acquisition contributions to the backlog last year and this year, that would certainly be helpful to understand the [multiple speakers].
Aart de Geus: Sure, actually, I think you're making exactly the point that I intended to make, which is that, there is a variability from year-to-year depending on not just one, but some of the larger customers. And most large customers don't have just single contracts, they have multiple contracts. So it's actually in practice more complicated. Let's say, for arguments sake, if we had only one customer and that customer renewed every three years, while you would have every three years a big backlog increase and the next two years a big decrease. Obviously, that's an extreme case, but if you look at the universe of our customers, there is variability depending on where the bulk of the renewals fall. And sometimes these timelines change as a function of us having different tools that we engage. We have new products or customers have changed circumstances such as consolidations, so we're managing a dynamic set of relationships, but fundamentally our duration, I don't know, the average number is maybe about 2.7 years or 2.8 years or so, and so that has been remarkably confident.
Sterling Auty: So if I'm look at the guidance on revenue and the growth either at the midpoint or even at the high-end of the guidance range, it still seems to imply some deceleration, even though you've got Atrenta in there for a full year, how should I think about where the biggest parts of that deceleration is coming from? Is that factoring in the M&A headwinds and a slowdown in EDA? Is that some sort of normalization to the higher growth parts of the portfolio? How do you kind of connect those dots?
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, I think the first point is actually more fundamental, which is if you look at the semiconductor industry, its own growth rate is somewhat anemic right now. And in all fairness, this can go up and down by 5% without anybody being able to predict it. That's just the normal noise in that industry. But against that backdrop customers are cautious. And it's also against that backdrop that consolidation manifests itself. And as I mentioned in a previous answer, I think we have a very good understanding of the potential impact of consolidation and we've taken a prudent approach to it. The other thing I am reminded of is that there is about a 1% impact of the yen, but in all fairness, I always discount these things a little bit. Now because they're not right, it's just that, it feels like somewhat simplistic comment, when the reality is, hey, we're hustling for business and that's how we should grow the company. Lastly, I do think that there is no question that our largest market is the one that's most impacted by semiconductors, but we continue to invest in these new areas I think with quite good success. And so in that sense, our product portfolio I think is evolving well. And that's precisely, what one should do in these phase shift on an industry.
Sterling Auty: And then last question, can you give us a sense, you gave us some statistics around IC Compiler II. I don't know if there's a way for you to qualify or to measure, but what perhaps the win rate in terms of IC Compiler II adoption in situations where you saw side-by-side RFPs, bake-offs, tasks, however, you want to describe it just to see how the tool and those heads-up competitions actually fared during the quarter?
Aart de Geus: So there are a lot of head-to-head competitions largely because the industry is very engaged in both looking forward, from a technology point of view, while simultaneously becoming or being very cost conscious. I don't think that in general this is not quite a zero sum game. And a number of customers use tools from multiple vendors, partially to quote, keep us honest, which I never quite like as a terminology, but I can sympathize with their desire to make sure that we stay on the ball, and partially because they want to negotiate on price. Having said that our product is technically doing extremely well and this year was really the year where we were almost overwhelmed by the number of customers that adopted us on a product that is now rapidly gaining in solidity, as it gets applied to more and more extremely, extremely complex shifts. And what is exciting about that is that many of the capabilities that this was built for are precisely the capabilities that are now being exercised. And I'm talking here about 10-nanometer, and in the beginning it was 7-nanometer design. And so we expect that the benefits of the products are now becoming rapidly more and more visible. And so far I think from a market share point of view, we've done quite well.
Operator: And now, to the line of Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson.
Tom Diffely: The first question on the balance sheet. You mentioned that only 16% of your cash was onshore. You're going to increase your share repurchasing and I guess ongoing M&A. So I guess a couple of questions here. First, what is the cost to repatriate some of your cash that's offshore? And then of the $500 million cash generation this or in the coming year, how much of that is expected to be onshore?
Trac Pham: So let me take the first question. So the simplest answer is any cash that you patriate through U.S. will be taxed at the 35%-plus rate. The intent is, we would obviously look at debts and find a way to manage that effectively. Second part is when we look at the $500 million cash from operations for next year, it should be similar to the mix that we've had in the past, which is about 50-50 U.S. versus non-U.S.
Tom Diffely: When you look at the potential acquisition targets out there, are they predominantly in the U.S. or is there a pretty good international mix?
Aart de Geus: Well, the international mix is growing. And actually if you look at some of the acquisitions we did in the security domain, albeit that they were relatively small companies, they're literally a bit all over the map, because software is being developed in a much more distributed fashion in the world than silicon or chip design. And so that is an interesting perspective, because that also says that our TAM is much more global from a software point of view. And we never really looked hard at doing business in Australia, I guess now we are in Australia. And at least there is sufficient software opportunity is there to warrant having a presence, whereas from a hardware design point of view, that's a very, very, very little. So these profiles changes as a company. And I think four out of seven deals this year were offshore. But the reality is we have a balance sheet that we have structured on purpose to be flexible enough, so that if there are great opportunities, we will not hesitate to do them wherever they are.
Tom Diffely: And it sounds like the 2016 will be another year of investment for the software security space. Should we expect operating expenses to go up in this space or maybe just to shift over from some of the core EDA into software? How do you view the drawbacks as it goes through the year with the ramping software security business?
Aart de Geus: Well, our hope, of course, is to continue to grow well the software integrity business, and so far, so good. I think we are very happy that we invested in this area. It's actually very complex area. And we are seeing that many of the things that we've learned over literally decades in the hardware world do apply in the software world in terms of building a platform of tools that is very sophisticated. And so from that perspective, we will continue to push on investing in this area as long as we see really good growth. We will and are gradually improving the profitability of the business, but if I had to push on priority growth versus profitability, I'd go from a growth any day, because we know that in a new market you can drive the profitability overtime. Having said that, just to make sure everybody understands, we do believe that, the notion of a business means that you're profitable overtime, and so we're heading there. And the acquisitions we did where really only very marginally dilutive since all these things get up sort of very quickly.
Trac Pham: I would add that these investments are done in the context of us also expecting to drive off margins up this year in 2016. When you look at the EPS guidance that we provided, at the midpoint we should be looking to increase operating margins by about 70 basis points versus 2015. So these investments are important, but we're going to manage it, strike the right balance between growth and profitability.
Tom Diffely: And then finally, when you look at the customer consolidation overtime, say over the next few years, is your view that the number of engineers in the world continues to grow? Are you seeing kind of plateauing of engineers that ultimately drive the seats that drive your business?
Aart de Geus: Well, so our past experience has been that certainly in the electronics domain, the number of engineers has certainly not shrunk. It may have grown actually quite a bit in the development countries that initially had good engineers, but not the same level of productivity. I think that the second comment I would make is I think that the notion of engineer is evolving, because if you buy into the picture that I painted of a really an intersection between hardware and software, that's much more optimized for the end application. You will see that the value of engineers that are having sort of 1 foot in each cap will grow. And we see that in our own company having a number of people that have visibility precisely because we developed a new generation of tools and systems to deal with that. And then on the software side, there is no question that the number of engineers -- they don't call themselves necessarily engineers, they call themselves software developers, but it's fundamentally an engineering schooling and that number is still growing rapidly.
Operator: And now to the line of Gary Mobley from Benchmark.
Gary Mobley: I wanted to start out by asking a question about the core EDA business. Could you give us a sense, and it doesn't have to be precise because I'm sure you don't have it at your fingertips, a sense of the mix between systems OEMs and pure merchant chip companies? And can you give us some sense of how the systems OEMs licensing activity has trended may be relative to historical trends or relative to the merchant chip vendors?
Aart de Geus: We actually do have that sort of at our fingertips. And I say, sort of, because the notion of semiconductor and systems, there is a whole bunch of companies that are sort of in the middle of that. But for many years, Synopsys has had about 40% of its revenue coming from what one would call, system companies, meaning companies that are closer to end product versus semiconductor companies that are closer to the physical manufacturing of chips. And I don't think it will change all that much. There are a few more companies that used to do manufacturing that are now relying on foundries to get there. But it's really a spectrum. And 3precisely, because it's the spectrum, it's useful to understand what new system companies do more often than semiconductor people. And of course, you arrive again at this word of software, meaning that for them a lot of their differentiation is how their software performs certain end tasks. And increasingly these end tasks will be optimized by dedicating hardware to the specific nature of that task. And so it's in that context that you're asking a good question because we're connecting well with that part of the world. And more rapidly, maybe then even we had expected people are using our verification tools to check out the software, while the hardware is still in development.
Gary Mobley: Just one follow-up question. If I'm not mistaken, we're targeting about $80 million in sales from the Coverity business, and perhaps targeting roughly $100 million for fiscal year '16. Did we, in fact, finish somewhere around the $80 million mark for the fiscal year? And are you still looking at roughly 25% growth for 2016?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think we have communicated, when we acquired it that we would pass the $100 million in '16. I think we're well on track for that. We don't disclose the intermediary numbers. But as said, I think the prediction that we had made to them, which was we granted significantly less knowledge still appears to be right on.
Operator: And now, to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Trac, I was wondering if you could speak a bit more about how you went about allowing for the possible effects of semiconductors consolidation. We, for our part, for example, have calculated that the pre-merger EDA budgets of the companies known so far to be merging with the exception of Intel keep their budget aside is somewhere between 5% and 10% of total EDA industry revenue. And even if you haircut that, as you have to, that would still amount to a relatively small percent of total EDA spent and it's probably not going to be affecting the vendors according to the market share. In other words, it's likely to be some unequal effects on the vendor. So anyway, I just wondered, if you could talk about how you're actually went about haircutting and thinking through the pre-merger to post-merger budgets of the companies involved?
Aart de Geus: Well, I'm glad you did this exercise. Because we do this exercise every day, right. And so this is part of running the company. And without going into the specifics of any of these companies, fundamentally what you did is the right type of calculation. I would make sure though that as much as there is a lot of talk about consolidation, we should really look at the macro numbers on semiconductors, which is really the growth rate of semiconductors. And while that growth rate itself does not impact EDA all that much from year-to-year, for the simple reasons that, A, we are much more tied to the R&D budget and those don't change so fast; and B, we have multi-year agreements, so in that sense, we feather through the up and downs of the industry. Nonetheless, I think that is a bigger factor of the consolidation itself how the two relate. And so we did essentially an exercise multiple times like you did and then the question is, okay, at any individual situation, how does it play out? And we will put our best foot forward in those. Given that the number of those this year was clearly higher than what we've seen in the past, so we decided to be prudent in the guidance. But I think that we are clearly out executing significantly our host industry. And from that perspective, I think we are going to be able to continue to invest to be well-positioned as it finds its next wave of growth.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Just a follow-up on the consolidation thing and then a change of subject. With respect to the transfer of licenses, one company gets merged into another, is there uniformity in the terms and conditions affecting the transfer of licenses and whether or not the acquired company or the surviving company needs to re-acquire or re-contract for those licenses? Is there some uniformed method to that? And similarly, this is somewhat speculated, but is there any reason to believe that companies customers not involved in merging might somehow also changed their behavior that they see all the budgetary fund that the emerging companies are having and they might want to have some to?
Aart de Geus: Well, you know every company, every customer at all points in time is always trying to see if they can get more value at lower cost, and nothing wrong with that. We have always been successful in providing lower costs, but also providing so much more value that we have continued to grow as a company and as a matter of fact as an industry. And so I think that will continue. The transactions or the contracts that we have with customers are non-cancellable, but at the same time, we all want to have long-term good relationships with our customers. And so when changes happen, one will discuss that with them. And the last comment I would make is that all the contracts they are like phonebook thickness complexity because there are so many different variables and conditions and so on, because these are typically very large deals, and so from that perspective there is a certain degree of built-in stability. And I think that's stability is especially when you have a well-structured multiyear set of agreements is precisely what has allowed us to do really well in any of the more turbulent phases of the industry over the years. And so I think we know well how to behave in such phase.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Lastly, at the Design Automation Conference back in June during the investor meeting you hosted with analysts, there were some discussion about some price changes that you've had made with respect, for example, to verification and place and route in terms of your core-based pricing, that's essentially a price increase, if I remember correctly. Could you talk about the effect of that change of pricing on your '15 results? And how are you thinking about pricing going into '16 and beyond?
Aart de Geus: I am a bit embarrassed to say that I'm drawing a blank about that discussion. Generically speaking, we typically increase the prices of our products, when there is a major shift in additional value that's been provided. And so, for example, the move from our IC compiler I to IC Compiler II is on a very different price base. And then we have all kinds of discounts and arrangements in volume situations. And it's a function of a number of cores it's run into. So it's actually a fairly complex set of calculations. But at the end of the day, it's what I tried to mention earlier, which is, customers will drive on costs, we will drive on value and let the two meet at a place that lets us go. And so far so good and I look forward at this coming year in terms of Synopsys really delivering a lot of incremental value. And so as customers will need these capabilities, I think we have an opportunity to continue to do very well.
Operator: And now to the line of Monika Garg from Pacific Crest.
Monika Garg: The first is on the cash flow guidance. Cash flow operation, guidance is flattish year-over-year. And especially given last year, you had one-time charges, one to retirement and acquisition-related charges. So the question is kind of is the number conservative or otherwise why it's kind of flattish number?
Aart de Geus: So Monika, I would say that we're approaching the cash flow outlook similar to how we're guiding on revenues. We're taking a prudent approach to it. It's early in the year, and as you know, the cash flow is driven a lot by the bookings and the business levels. And so we'll continue to update that throughout the year as we get better visibility. But it's consistent with how we're looking at the rest of the business.
Monika Garg: Then on the IP systems and software quarter revenue, it seems both for Q3 and Q4, it is flattish year-over-year. Now, given the Coverity is growing, you require some assets in software security market. Could you help reconcile these numbers?
Trac Pham: Sure. I would look at the annualized growth rate and look at over a multi-year period, when you look at their IP business and as we evaluate our IP business, we still believe it's a low-double digit growth opportunity. And the overall market continues to be very healthy. Our business, we feel very confident in. And so over a multi-year period, that should still be the model. You will see it vary from quarter-to-quarter or even occasionally year-to-year, depending on the timing of the percentage of completion for IP consulting. But we still think that the model of a low-double digit for IP is the appropriate one.
Monika Garg: And then on the Coverity. Is Coverity expected to be breakeven and then second half accretive? I think that's was the kind of guidance you provided last quarter?
Aart de Geus: As we mentioned it in the Q3 earnings call that it was going to be slightly dilutive in the second half. Originally, when we first purchased Coverity, we thought it would breakeven. And we, frankly, at the levels that we're operating at, we certainly could have gotten to that level. But given the opportunity to invest in some of the languages, we thought it would be a better investment to allow to be slightly dilutive in the second half in order to drive the growth.
Monika Garg: So still expected to be dilutive in second half 2016?
Trac Pham: I'm sorry. You're asking about '16. For '16 we're certainly going to exceed the original guidance of over $100 million. And that will be slightly dilutive, given the acquisitions that we made in the second half of '15. Keep in mind, this is in the context of us expanding margins from '15 to '16.
Monika Garg: Then the last question so, on the consolidation again, Aart. You kind of talked about you targeting low-to-mid single-digit organic or EDA growth. How much do you think is impact of consolidation in that number, like 1% to 2%? Would you be able to quantify that?
Aart de Geus: I think you should give Jay a call. He did the computations in detail here. We don't want to go into the specific, because each one of these situations is different and they haven't played out. And as one of other callers correctly said was, many of these things have been announced, but are not closed, and so the impact in timing can still be very far away. Having said that, it's just we have looked at this head on, and actually see in a number of situation some opportunities. It's just that you can't count on them, until they come home to roost. But it is not as dramatic as it sound.
Operator: And now to the line of Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets.
Xiao Yuan: This is Xiao Yuan for Mahesh. Thanks for taking my questions. So Aart, there are a lot of questions on this consolidation. And I'm sorry, I have to ask one more. So on the synergy perspective it kind of makes sense for two companies to move to one unified design platform after the merger. I guess, questions, one, do you think there will be any market share shift, as the main deals are getting closed. I guess maybe the impact will not be immediate. But what do you see in the next two to three years? And then, two, given that background what is your expectation of Synopsys' core EDA growth rate in relation to the market?
Aart de Geus: Well, in relationship to the market, we think that we can do better than the market, which is another way of saying that we think that there is an opportunity for us to gain share. At the same time, there is some degree of headwind by virtue of the customers fundamentally wanting to do this, to pay less, not more. And so in that context, I do think that we have a great opportunity for Synopsys, because: a, we are well-positioned for all the technologies that these very companies aspire to be good at; b, we're well-positioned to also now reach into the domain that they were less in, which is everything that touches their differentiation through hardware and software. And lastly, we are very well equipped to continue with a really good support at the very moment, where they will definitely need some help on the advanced chips and while integrating their companies. And so I think we are not only a safe bet for the technology leadership bet, and that's a good position to be in, in situations like this.
Xiao Yuan: And then, one more question, on the Q1 revenue guidance the midpoint is down about 3.5 percentage point. I understand there is lumpiness in the business because of verification. One of their competitors is shipping their new emulators right now. Are you seeing any impact from that from any changes in market?
Aart de Geus: No. We don't see any impact of that. The emulation market is actually a very broad one. There is opportunities to grow, just because that as a market segment is I think doing quite well. And typically, when people introduce something, there may be sometime where customers want to look at the new product, whatever it is. In our case, the characteristics of our product are very well known, specifically the super-high speed and low cost per gate is a key differentiator. So for the people that are focused on those type of angles, we have seen no impact by anybody's announcement.
Operator: Thank you. And we have no more questions in queue. Please continue. End of Q&A
Aart de Geus: Well, thank you so much for attending this call, and thank you also very much for supporting and being interested in us for all of FY '15. I think we delivered on the mark versus where we set our guidance a year ago, actually I think a little bit better or quite a bit better than the numbers we had in mind then. We'll, of course, try to do the same in '16, and we hope that you will be part of the team following us at that time. For those of you that have additional questions, as usual, the small crew here will be available for calls after this earnings release. Thank you very much. And have hopefully a good vacation break at the end of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-08-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - Vice President, Investor Relations Aart de Geus - Chairman and Co-CEO Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Krysten Sciacca - Needham Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2015. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode, and later, we will have a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Paul. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets, will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and today's earnings press release. The reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, earnings press release, and financial supplement that we released earlier today. All of these items plus the most recent Investor Presentation are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I’m happy to report that our third quarter results were very strong, as we achieved revenue of $556 million, non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.63 and $275 million in cash flow from operations. In addition, we closed several key acquisitions, as we continue to strengthen and evolve the company for long-term growth. As a result, we are again raising our annual revenue guidance. Characterizing the customer environment around us, the semiconductor and systems industry results and outlook remain mixed. Customer growth rates appear more challenged than three months ago as some customers thrive while others struggle. Consequently, consolidation continues, be it through asset purchases or full company combinations. While consolidations overall are somewhat of a headwind for EDA, our customers continue to invest heavily in designing highly advanced chips. They seek long-term relationships with trusted suppliers to meet the very demanding time-to-market expectations of their customers. In addition, our expansion into the software quality and security space has broadened our long-term opportunity to grow well beyond traditional EDA. Thus, Synopsys, continues to be well-positioned as partner of choice for electronic design and software development. Ranging from silicon to software, our multi-year strategy has three pillars. First, continue to build on our EDA leadership by providing state-of-the-art design and verification platforms with best-in-class support. Second, offer high-impact productivity solutions such as outsourced IP and extremely fast hardware/software prototyping, enabling customers to beat their relentless time-to-market constraints. And third, invest in and grow our software quality and security solutions. Software complexity is escalating in both electronic systems and in the broader application space, and security vulnerabilities are visibly creating ever-greater challenges. Let me provide some product and customer highlights that demonstrate our progress. Throughout our entire history, Synopsys has endeavored to be the technology leader in the highest impact areas of EDA. The investments we’ve made both internally and through acquisitions continue to bear fruit in terms of, new game-changing products, clear leadership in advanced node enablement, amazing customer design successes and the resulting customer wins. While I’m sure it’s difficult for you to sort through the many claims of leadership in advanced designs, we are confident in our position and momentum. Let me provide some color and data points. The number of FinFET designs continues to grow rapidly, as leading-edge companies race to take advantage of significant power efficiencies. The number of active FinFET designs and tape-outs to-date continues to grow quickly now reaching almost 240. Synopsys is relied on for 95% of these. Technology differentiation matters, and customers and partners count on us. For example, in June, we announced Intel Custom Foundry certification for Synopsys design tools for 14-nanometer FinFET production. During the quarter, we achieved certification from multiple standards organizations for our IP portfolio for TSMC 16-nanometer FinFET-Plus and in June, we announced an expanded collaboration with UMC on embedded memory and test solutions for their 14-nanometer FinFET process. In physical design, our game-changing new product, IC Compiler II, continues to gain traction with rapidly growing adoption. Customers are seeing 10X improvement in throughput and are using IC Compiler II in designs throughout the process spectrum. During Design Automation Conference in June, AMD, ARM, MediaTek, SocioNext and Samsung spoke to a standing-room-only crowd about their successes and deployment plans for IC Compiler II. TSMC signed off on IC Compiler II certification for their latest 16 nanometer FinFET Plus process. Demand is very strong and broad-based, as evidenced by the fastest ramp-up in bookings for any product in our history. As customers move rapidly from IC Compiler I to IC Compiler II, so does our support. We have transitioned a majority of our dedicated application engineers to IC Compiler II, a further indication of its momentum. We are already serving 38 different customer logos with well over 100 production designs and tape-outs, a significant increase over last quarter. Now to verification, where requirements have exploded as designs have become much, much more complex. Here, too, our Verification Continuum platform is truly a next-generation solution with both breadth and depth of technology. Approximately 80% of advanced designs already use Synopsys as the primary simulator and over the past year, we have steadily introduced many enhancements and a whole different level of integration throughout the platform. Propelled by multi-year collaborations with some of the hardest-driving semiconductor companies in the world, our Verification Continuum now integrates all the critical software and hardware verification tools onto a common infrastructure. As a result, Q3 was another strong quarter for verification, particularly in emulation, where growing demand is benefitting the entire EDA industry. At the Design Automation Conference, Altera, ARM, Cavium, AMD and Freescale spoke at a customer luncheon about their verification challenges and how Synopsys is helping them achieve success. On the analog/mixed-signal side, a technically challenging area, we introduced significant advances in our CustomSim product, which delivers a 2X speed-up. Finally, earlier this month we closed the acquisition of Atrenta, a recognized leader in static and formal verification. Its SpyGlass product is an anchor technology in the industry that effectively addresses verification and power challenges early in the design cycle. The Atrenta technologies further enhanced both our Verification Continuum platform and our implementation solution. While we’re in the early stages of integration, customer and employee reactions have been very positive. Let me now move to IP, where our optimized solutions for the Automotive and Internet-of-Things market segments continue to strengthen. About six months ago, we launched a major initiative to robustly address the automotive space by augmenting our product portfolio to include automotive-grade IP. In June, we rolled-out a broad set of IP optimized for automotive chip development. The portfolio now meets key safety, reliability and quality requirements while continually being enhanced to address new emerging standards. We have also worked with industry leaders such as Freescale, Infineon and Renesas to create Automotive Centers of Excellence with our virtual prototyping products, enabling our mutual customers to accelerate software development. Clearly, semiconductor content in automotive systems will grow significantly over the next five to six years. With this offering, we are expanding our influence in this important vertical market segment. For the Internet of Things, the ability to connect multiple smart devices to the cloud and to each other is fueling great application innovation, ranging from wearable devices to machine-to-machine markets. Synopsys provides a comprehensive portfolio of IoT-ready IP, ranging from interfaces, to memory and logic, to power-efficient processors, to pre-validated subsystems. During the quarter, we announced a collaboration with TSMC to develop an integrated IoT platform for TSMC’s 40 nanometer ultra-low-power process. We also acquired Bluetooth Smart IP from Silicon Vision, for key low-power smart home, portable health, and industrial applications that require on-chip wireless integration. Lastly, and second only to connectivity, security of these devices is paramount. Through the acquisition of Elliptic Technologies, we added proven security IP solutions for identification, authentication, data encryption and content protection, which brings me naturally to our Software Quality and Security products. While security in the cyber world has been an issue for years, the combination of increasing connectivity and highly publicized breaches, including recently in the automotive domain, are spurring an intense security focus on the entire electronics and software applications space. Our entry into Software Quality and Security comes at just the right time and Q3 was significant for our promising business unit. As a refresher, last year’s Coverity acquisition expanded both our total available market and our customer base. It’s a compelling combination of technical, customer and channel adjacency to our existing business as well as a significant TAM broadening into a new, higher-growth space that truly differentiates us as a company and investment. During the quarter, we bolstered our security presence significantly with two acquisitions that are already showing great promise. The first is cyber security company, Codenomicon, a leader in the area of dynamic security analysis, and well-known for independently discovering the infamous Heartbleed bug. We also acquired key assets from Quotium, specifically, the well-regarded Seeker product, a leader in application security testing. While we're in the early stages of building and scaling our presence in this space, we're already making a notable impact. Evident earlier in the month at the Black Hat security conference, a conference renowned for its hacker, and security company attendees. For example, at a standing-room-only Synopsys event that featured speakers from Underwriter's Laboratories and the Department of Homeland Security, UL spoke about its developing Cybersecurity Assurance Program and the collaboration with Synopsys to drive it forward. It’s designed to help companies manage security risks via a certification process, similar to what they have been doing for years for electrical hardware devices. UL's program, which is still under development, is expected to provide a baseline for Cybersecurity Assurance. Initially focused on medical devices, industrial control systems, and networking and telecom equipment, it would utilize technology from a number of key suppliers, including Synopsys. Finally, reflecting the growing brand recognition in this space, we were named by Gartner as a visionary in their application Security Testing’s Magic Quadrant. This is a big deal. Out of hundreds of companies in the Application Security Testing space, only 19 are identified in this market-making group. Stay tuned as we evolve our software quality and security strategy in the coming months and quarters. In summary, we delivered strong Q3 results and expect to exit the year with approximately 10% non-GAAP earnings per share growth. Our new products are driving excellent customer design successes and adoption momentum. And, lastly, we closed several key acquisitions, strengthening our technology and evolving Synopsys towards promising higher-growth market segments. Let me now turn the call over to Trac Pham.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. As you heard from Aart, we're seeing good momentum in the business. Our internal investments and key acquisitions are paying off in terms of broadening our portfolio with new technology and expanding our TAM with new growth opportunities. Our results reflect a business that is not only strong today, but also well positioned for future opportunities. Our excellent Q3 performance and Q4 outlook solidify another year of increased growth and profitability. In fact, we're raising our annual revenue outlook again, reflecting the strength of our business. We continue to execute very well, and we are committed to maximizing long-term shareholder value. Now to the numbers. As I talk through Q3 results and targets for the rest of the year, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 6.5% to $556 million. Greater than 90% of Q3 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for more than 10%. The weighted average duration of our renewable customer license commitments was about 2.5 years, and we expect duration for the full year to be about 2.7 years. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $494 million and total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $432 million, at the lower end of our target range. Non-GAAP operating margin was 22.4% for the quarter and 24.2% for the first three quarters of 2015. Because of the technical complexity inherent in our customers' design processes, it's critical that we prioritize leading edge product development. Nonetheless, we continue to drive global operational efficiency in order to deliver solid non-GAAP operating margin in the mid-20s range. GAAP earnings per share were $0.35 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.63. Turning to cash flow, we generated $275 million of operating cash flows for the quarter. We are reiterating our full year target of approximately $450 million. Cash flows to date have been strong and we are able to offset the net outflows related to acquisitions. We ended Q3 with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.1 billion with 31% onshore and total debt of $213 million. We have since funded the Atrenta acquisition from that U.S. cash, so would expect it to be lower at the end of Q4. Over the years we have utilized our balance sheet very effectively for both stock repurchases and M&A. Since 2010, we have repurchased more than $1.1 billion of Synopsys stock. We have simultaneously made a number of important acquisitions to enter new higher growth areas, most recently software quality and security, and prioritized P&L investments to expand our technology leadership. We believe this ongoing strategy will create significant value for our shareholders. We closed several acquisitions in Q3, as well as Atrenta earlier this month. In addition, we completed the $180 million accelerated share repurchase plan initiated in Q1, in which we bought back a total of 4 million shares. For the trailing four quarters we've spent $220 million buying back more than 5 million shares, and have $200 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Finally, DSO was 50 days, and we ended Q3 with approximately 9,835 employees, with more than one-third in lower-cost geographies. Now to the fourth quarter and fiscal 2015 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For the fourth quarter, our targets are revenue between $570 million and $585 million, a wider range than we have provided in the past, to reflect increased variability due to lumpiness of hardware and consulting revenue; total GAAP costs and expenses between $503 million and $521 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $450 million and $460 million; other income between $0 and $2 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of 19% to 20%; outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million; GAAP earnings of $0.31 to $0.38 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.65 to $0.67 per share. For fiscal 2015, revenue of $2.225 billion to $2.240 billion, a growth rate of approximately 8% to 9%; other income between $10 million and $12 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of 19% to 20%; outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million; GAAP earnings of $1.43 to $1.50 per share, which includes the impact of approximately $87 million in stock-based compensation expense; non-GAAP earnings of $2.76 to $2.78 per share, which reflects the slight dilution from our recent acquisitions, largely offset by operational overachievement; capital expenditures of approximately $100 million; and cash flow from operations of approximately $450 million. While we continue to expect a revenue model that is approximately 90% time-based, going forward we will expand our quarterly guidance ranges to better reflect the variability inherent in hardware deals, for which revenue is recognized upfront, along with the timing of consulting projects. In summary, we're seeing good momentum in the business. Our internal investments and key acquisitions are paying off, with game-changing new technology and a brand new TAM. We continue to deliver strong results and are well-positioned for future opportunities. And our excellent Q3 performance and Q4 outlook solidify another year of strong cash flow and increased growth and profitability. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Rich Valera with Needham. Please go ahead.
Krysten Sciacca: Hi. This is Krysten Sciacca in for Needham. I don’t know sorry in for Rich Valera. So I am looking at your fiscal 2015 guidance and I just want to know, is the increase in revenues only due to the inclusion of Atrenta or is there some other driving force there?
Aart de Geus: Well, in general, most of that is not due to Atrenta, that is continuation of the execution of the overall company engine so to speak. Atrenta, of course, adds a little bit to it by virtue of having joined us this quarter, but most of it is just continuation of the path that Synopsys has been on.
Krysten Sciacca: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then how is hardware this quarter?
Aart de Geus: We had a very good hardware quarter and so you will see that reflected in both the upfront revenue line as well our COGS expenses.
Krysten Sciacca: Great. Thanks very much.
Aart de Geus: You are welcome.
Operator: We have question from Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi. I had a few questions actually. First one is, Aart, when I look at your IP system software integrity revenue, it seems like it is down sequentially about 10%. What is going on there that Coverity should be growing at this point, right?
Aart de Geus: Well, those businesses combined have actually a very high degree of fluctuation from a one quarter to another because they are quite lumpy in how we recognize revenue. And this is largely due because many of the large IP deals have a variety of milestones attached to them or even some services. And so that is why these numbers have continued to be up and down. On a trailing 12-month basis, the numbers are actually very good.
Krish Sankar: Got it. And then in the past you guys mentioned how you should be breakeven in Coverity this year and you know accretive next year, but looks like you’re doing some investments. So at what point, will Coverity become accretive to the broader company?
Aart de Geus: Well, in general, we look at it being slightly accretive in '16. The addition of acquisitions may change that as they always do, but fundamentally read that as we continue to invest in the business that we see a very good future for.
Krish Sankar: But at some point next year, you’re saying Coverity would be accretive?
Aart de Geus: Yes. This would be as the -- the Coverity that we acquired, by now we’ve already added I think four different acquisitions. And so this is a very rapidly evolving business unit for us. And so from a philosophy point of view, the way to think about it is that as we add acquisitions, we aim to within I would say 12 to 18 months make them accretive, or if they are technology acquisitions, they get integrated very, very fast into the existing product. And objective obviously is to build a profitable business, but the other objective is to also create a strong footprint in an area that we expect to grow in the future.
Trac Pham: Krish, this is Trac. I think you're referencing what we had originally guided when we bought Coverity in general. As we look at '16, we're looking at that business to be more than $100 billion and accretive, '16.
Krish Sankar: Got it.
Trac Pham: And as you think about the acquisitions that we made in the recent quarter, as you saw in the earnings guidance we have tweaked our earnings guidance to reflect the slight dilution from those deals and we do expect them to be slightly diluted in 2016 as well.
Krish Sankar: Got it. And then if I could ask a big picture question. If you look at the EDA industry, everyone says it could grow at like 5%, 6% topline growth, but looks like next year 10 nanometers have been pushed out from 2016 to 2017. So my question is that with that backdrop, do you still think EDA industry can grow 6% or so, and what is it means specifically to Synopsys given 10 nanometers from some of the biggest customers are getting pushed out?
Aart de Geus: Well, let me take it still in reverse order. Yes, of course, we understand that some deliveries on technology have been slowed down or just feathered in, but that doesn’t mean at all that the work for us has diminished around 10 nanometers, because a lot of people are essentially looking as when do they ship product and that is really the more relevant data from a macro perspective for the semiconductor industry. But for EDA, the work starts long, long before that. And as a matter of fact, we have a significant amount of work right now already on 7-nanometer to make the technologies, the tools, the IP ready. So if you look at it as a macro picture, I did guide a bit in my preamble to the fact that the overall semiconductor industry is quite turbulent right now. And if you look at the expectations for this year and for next year in terms of growth rate of the industry, they have gone down somewhat. But it is also true that within these ups and downs of the semiconductor industry, historically EDA has fared quite well, because not only do we attach the more stable R&D efforts, we also are very much the investments that let people come back out of the troughs within a year or two. And so therefore, a high degree of stability. Last but not least within that, I think Synopsys has done particularly well, because we are -- I hope viewed as a trusted partner and the company that you can count on and we continue to invest quite aggressively in technology to make sure that we’re there tomorrow as well.
Krish Sankar: Got it. And if I can just squeeze one last question. In the last several quarters of for like few years, your R&D as a percentage of sales has been somewhere in the 30% to low 30% range. Is there any chance for that, even if Moore’s Law does slowdown and I understand you still have to do a lot of design work? Is there an opportunity for that R&D as a percentage of sales to come down or you think 30 is the bogey?
Aart de Geus: I honestly think that that is about the bogey and for the simple reason that we’re seeing nothing that says that technology is getting somewhere. In many ways, it’s the opposite. And the reason people go there is because the value is extremely high if you could deliver chips that had even less power utilization with even more computational speed, because in the coming years it will open up a whole new domain of smart devices that literally applies to everything. Now that complexity comes from at a minimum two sources. One is the advanced silicon technologies that just demand much more sophisticated modeling, and we are well on top of that. And secondly is that very sophisticated silicon is what enabling a lot of these super sophisticated software and the intersection of those two were also well on top of that. And so, I think, that we are in the right place, while we see an industry that is morphing and changing around us and this happens continually in this industry and has been one of the reasons for its tremendous impact.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks, Aart. Thanks Trac.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: We have a question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty: Yeah. Thanks. I wanted to go back to the Atrenta question for a minute. I thought 2014 they were doing something in kind of 55 million range, what did you guys loose for acquisition accounting, it seem like you should get some material revenue for the back half -- even for the one quarter and then moving into 2016?
Trac Pham: Hi, Sterling. This is Trac. Yeah. The acquisitions have a very small impact on our results for this year. If you think about just the size of the deals in general, the timing of when they're closed and you factor in the deferred haircut, the guidance that we gave is, there is very little impact from revenues. We did tweak the earnings guidance at the midpoint by about penny or $0.02 to reflect a dilution. But overall most of it is in the -- most it is organic business. We -- when we think about the deferred haircut. It can range anywhere from 50% to 80% depending on particular deal.
Sterling Auty: Right. So can you give some guidelines in terms of where you at the upper end of that range on these acquisitions in terms of what the write-down was and perhaps, you can remind people what the business model at Atrenta was in terms of what have been in deferred revenue that perhaps were lost?
Trac Pham: So we don’t disclose the specifics of each individual deal. But, again, where we are operationally, we are still working through the contracts to get evaluation analysis of that and to determine the deferred haircut.
Aart de Geus: But fundamentally, their business model is ratable model or just like ours and so in many ways they had a very similar philosophy both financially and technically, and I think the fit is actually going to be remarkably good.
Sterling Auty: And then looking at the sales and marketing expenses in the quarter, it seems to come in light relative to the street models and our model as well. Any insight into why the sales and marketing expenses were -- what looks to be as much as [$4 million, $4.3 million] [ph] spike?
Trac Pham: Sterling, the difference between where we came in versus the model is really just a function of how you model it. As far as internally that that the sale and marketing line can vary from quarter-to-quarter depending on conditions expense it could vary by customer events or tradeshows. So it does vary quarter-to-quarter.
Sterling Auty: And there is one…
Trac Pham: But there is no issue there. It’s a reflection of the underlying health of the business that’s what you are try to get out the run rates for the quarter and year-to-date were actually very healthy and up.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then, one last high level question, Aart, you kind of talk about the headwinds in the near-term is going to help semiconductors and just the M&A environment? I am particularly interested in terms of some of the consolidations that have happened? Is there a sense over what timeframe you might yield some of impacts of those consolidations and I do agree that I think ultimately will end up with healthier customer. So maybe it’s even better for your long-term? But are we going to go into a six-month, 12-month, 18-month period, where perhaps as you go through contract renewals, you have a little bit of headwind? [Technical Difficulty] could you quantify or give qualitative commentary would be helpful?
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, in general the reason one looks at consolidation as a bit of headwind for an industry is because none of the consolidators ever says, well, not that consolidated, let me spend more money with you. They do regroup however and often reassess what is the wisest way to spend their money and in a number of cases this has been actually very positive for us, because we're not only a safe haven in times of turbulence, but also by virtue of driving technology very hard, if this is an advanced user of this there is opportunity sometimes to align better with us making them successful. So the timeline that you are highlighting around consolidation is correct. It takes typically a number of months for the companies to figure out what they want to do. Many of the EDA companies have multiyear contracts. They can shift based on mutual agreements but there is some stability in all of this. So I don't want to over dramatize any of this. I think this is part of the industry that is evolving and we are visibly so, there are non-industry-related pressure points by virtue of what we see in the overall markets, in the stock market and some of the currency changes. And this all comes to their at the very moment that there is also big technology change and as a company, Synopsys, we've been through this many times in our history, and I think, we know what to do, but it is also true that the better we execute here, the better we will do.
Sterling Auty: All right. If I may, just want to squeeze one more in, we watched the technology leapfrog one another between yourselves and Cadence for many, many years, in terms of the industry. I think, Cadence has been very upfront in terms of they believe that they have been gaining share on the software. Aart, you not have that conversation, in terms of percentage of valet. So what I am particularly interested in is IC Compiler II, have you hit that inflection point and do you think we're about to go through a leapfrog back the other way?
Aart de Geus: Well, for starters, let me respectfully disagree with your notion that we’ve seen leapfrogging between our companies. I think that I would humbly submit that for majority of the products for our entire history, Synopsys has been the state-of-the-art and that is not to degenerate anybody else’s products because all of these products are hypersophisticated and at times can get very good results for specific customer situation. I think said that, it’s a very nature of both companies or all the EDA companies being actually very strong, that has propelled technology forward and is one of the key drivers behind the success of Moore’s Law. And so I expect that race to continue. Specifically, an IC Compiler II, we are getting now very systemically, very strong results. And the challenge that we face is the great opportunity, it’s not the challenge approving that we have strong technology. It is to now help migrate our customers to the next generation. And we sort of reported to you a number of the chips being done but underneath this, there is actually much more activity in the number of chip blocks that are being migrated with Synopsys actually quite substantial. And so while there is a lot of hard work that’s left to be done, I highlighted the fact that most of our support engineers now are already on IC Compiler II. And we consider that situations where the customer has sort of voted for the long term.
Sterling Auty: Great. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: We have a question from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: Yeah. Good afternoon. One more question on the consolidation front. Historically, have you seen the biggest impact in EDA based on the number of engineers or seats that have gone away or is it just the customers get better pricing because of volume discounting?
Aart de Geus: It’s an excellent question. I think as far as I can tell, engineers don’t go away. And what happens is that in consolidations, the company that buys other company the minute it closes by nature has to push on efficiency for starters to try to repay or recoup the premium that they paid. And so it’s really an efficiency mechanism in an industry. Now that efficiency can also manifest itself on the technology side where company say well you know we now have more critical mass in an area or we vertically integrate and we can have a more technical differentiation. And so as an earlier question highlighted, the opportunity space tends to grow after some period of time because the resulting companies are actually in most cases truly healthier and are aimed at the next decade of success. And so for us, it is be responsive to the customers as they are often in a financial time of need situation but at the same time keep an eye on making sure that we’re in the game for the long term. And most importantly that we deliver something for the customers that truly increases their value and their differentiation going forward.
Tom Diffely: Did they just view that as an inflection points whether there is some share shifting that goes on as well?
Aart de Geus: I’m sorry. I didn’t understand the question.
Tom Diffely: When you look at consolidations, do you look at it as an opportunity for maybe some share shifting going on?
Aart de Geus: Yeah. Absolutely. Sorry. Yeah, of course, there is always share adjustments in various ways. And historically, we have been blessed with having been chosen while often than not in a number of categories to become the lead provider. We hope that will be the case again but that is the discussion of the customer and our job is to make ourselves as attractive as possible to them.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then when you look at kind of midpoint of your fourth quarter guidance, the margins are little bit lower, previous expectations had them. I wonder if the biggest impact there is just increased cost structure from the acquisitions or is it the larger percentage of hardware in the business in the fourth quarter?
Trac Pham: It’s a combination. This is Trac, Tom. It’s a combination of few things, one is just the continued hiring in our business to the head count for the acquisitions and also traditionally Q4 is our historically the highest expensed quarter.
Tom Diffely: Okay. All right. And finally you mentioned emulation in your prepared remarks, it sounds like you're doing well there. We are hearing that there is some pricing pressure in emulation these days. And just kind of curious what your view of the industry is right now and what your longer-term industry growth view is for emulation?
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, I think emulation is interesting field because it has a natural growth just by virtue of the complexity of the circuits having grown immensely but also because the intersection of hardware and software demands just very fast, stimulation of various forms of application. And so in that context, I think that we've seen good growth in all of the EDA companies that provide these technologies. Now, when you use the word pricing pressure, you could have used it for last 30 years on any product in our field. The race is always on and so that the pricing pressure is mostly mitigated by saying well therefore, we have to develop better products that are more differentiated than that sort of manages the economic equation. So frankly nothing new under the sun and it applies to any field, be it hardware or software.
Tom Diffely: Okay. You’ve not seen any degradation of that market based on your litigation with Mentor Graphics?
Aart de Geus: No, none so far.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Question from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yeah. Thanks. Good afternoon. Aart, I would like to ask first about the business impact of the two new markets that you highlighted as opportunities for you, namely automatic and IoT. And the question is two-fold. First, what do you think the relative benefit to your tools, IT and software integrity businesses might be from either of both of automotive and IoT? Do you think it would be mostly a tools play for you, an IT play or software integrity play? And similarly, how do you think one or both of these markets as they develop for you might change the services intensity or services profile of the company? When you look at your counterparts in engineering software for example that serve the automotive market, those engagements are often very services intensive. We know that Mentor’s won some nice deals in automotive that are largely services oriented thus far. So if you or as you develop in automotive yourself and in IoT, you think there is going to be a significant ratcheting up of the kind of services you are going to have to provide and invest in?
Aart de Geus: Okay. Let me try to answer Part A, B, C and D of your question here. Maybe going backwards which is for starters. Overall initially these areas, the two focuses is bigger than either services or the software integrity just by virtue of -- these are markets that we have already interacted with quite a bit, only not necessarily in a vertical fashion. And so if we take automotive as an example, automotive has the characteristic that relatively speaking, they are not a super big EDA market but they are sophisticated EDA market not because they drive the state-of-the-art or FinFET for example, but because they have a stringent requirements, first and foremost for safety and then for reliability. When you think that that many of these products have to be in tiptop shape for 30 years, you can imagine that that’s not a trivial task. And so increasingly with the growth of smarts in the cars, I can collect it that and therefore the increase of electronic content. One can see that therefore the attention on this type of conditions has to be higher. And so what we're doing in our tools and you heard in preamble in the IP, we are essentially making it conformant with the automotive standards that apply to the type of areas we touch, which are chip design and other companies may have other aspects. I cannot say that we see a lot of services there at the present time. But it’s good you mentioned, we will think about it a bit more. On the IoT side of things, the IoT, unfortunately is a little bit of catch-on for the entire industry and Internet of Things, whatever the things are can lead to many different ways. I sometimes like to call it immensely optimized mystic thinking. And that is because right now many of the actual IoT parts are very low cost sensors connected to some data processing, quickly connecting it into the web where the monies made on the application. On the other hand, I do want to take my little optimistic thinking also in a positive direction, which is I think over time, this is really the root of where smarts will come about, because if all of these IoT devices can have a bit more computational capabilities at low power, over time one will see that they will have to work some degree of artificial intelligence, sounds like a big word. But adding smarts to many devices, which brings me to the software integrity aside because the other way to think about IoT and by the way in many ways cars as well, this is the intersection of hardware and software. And when you know that there are in advance cars, there is about a hundred million lines of code, as a minimum some shivers need to go down your spine because as you probably have read recently that code too has been hacked by now. And so aside of the traditional, safety and reliability constraints for automotive now security will be on par. And that is where of course our software integrity group will have impact. And the same is too for IoT. IoT are really hardware, software intersections where they touch the real world and then they create in many cases a lot of data and maybe some reasoning around it. And all of that has software quality and software security issues. So that is how these all ties together for us. It’s early from a business size point of view but it’s certainly very promising.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thanks. And secondly, you said language to describe the guidance was certainly different. You talked about in future having a wider range of revenues, having to do with the variability of IT and hardware. Now those have been variable all along in anyway as we’ve seen and your hardware business to date has sometimes had a good quarter but it's not on the whole have been a particularly large business for you. Has something changed, however, in terms of either market conditions or your competitiveness or both suggesting that over time your emulation business, particularly could be materially larger than it’s been to date and hence the wider range of revenue outcomes?
Aart de Geus: So the reason why we increased the revenue guidance range is in fact driven by both, hardware and IP. On the hardware side as you’ve seen year-to-date, we’ve been doing very well progressively with hardware and that includes both, rapid prototyping and emulation. So, as that business continues to grow and becomes a more material part of our business, we would expect it to be more variable from quarter-to-quarter.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: All right. Lastly, as everyone knows from the last six quarters or so, you focused on ICC II of course and that's going to continue to be a major product event for you. The question is now that that’s undelayable or stipulated or continue to be adopted of course, what’s next on the tool side do you think as a next major driver to the business? If you set aside IT and the new software business, what else in let's say core EDA might also become a next good incremental way for you, not necessarily as large as implementation, but it might it be simulation or something else in verification? What do you think is next in terms of an incremental driver besides ICC II?
Aart de Geus: Well, we actually do think that the other big investment that is now turning to seeing growth and return is actually the Verification Continuum. And the Verification Continuum is coming back because on one hand, it’s many different tools that do get sold individually. But really the value that we are providing here is increasingly inability to use these tools with each other in a fashion that let them be adoptive -- adapted, sorry, adapted much better to the problem that people like to solve. And so in order to get there took quite a bit of effort, multiple of years extremely sophisticated programming. And in technical terms that means a common compilation platform meaning the description is understood in the same fraction. It also means a common debugging platform meaning that you can see and interpret and analyze your results in a user-friendly fashion. Those were very big investments. And they are now starting to bear fruit. At the very moment that another angle has started to increase in importance, which is this intersection between hardware and software. Are you there finding the hardware in the context of the software or you finding the software in the context of the hardware, or are you really verifying both simultaneously in order to get to market as fast as possible? And whichever is the long pool in the tent, you try to eliminate that one. And so that means that the spread that what one verifies is quite broad. Another area that we will see, we expect some good growth in the future is actually the custom area and this is an area that we have invested in for quite a while. We have a number of very new capabilities that we will be talking more about in the coming quarters. But these are all investments that invariably take many years and then when they rollout, the rollout itself is a major enterprise and that’s what we are doing in verification right now.
Operator: We have a question from Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg: Well, hi. Thanks for taking my question. So, Aart, in the [indiscernible], you were talking about like a 20% growth rate for that segment. Are you still seeing similar growth rates in that?
Aart de Geus: Yes. We’ve not changed our perspective on the opportunity space. Of course, since then the good news is I think we've learned a lot, including the fact that it's a space that is extremely fragmented with many loud voices and some that actually have impact on customers. And the fact that we have been able to close what we think are some very, very good acquisitions that have strengthened and broadened our position is a sign that we are, I think gaining confidence. No market is simple or easy, but I think it’s rarely visible to most people that software has reached a stage where it needs the next level of -- I will use the word discipline and therefore the tools to enforce that. And by the time you throw the security in it, now you really have to start paying very systematic attention. And our objective is to provide the toolset that allows people to do that.
Monika Garg: Thanks. Then question on the Atrenta, maybe you can help us understand how to think about the impact on growth and margins from Atrenta’s acquisition next year?
Aart de Geus: Well, normally we don’t breakout individual acquisitions of that size in terms of impact. Obviously, it will add revenue and as the haircut as you know, gradually goes away, it becomes rapidly less and less dilutive. It will be slightly dilutive in ’16. But the reason always hesitant, frankly, to speak about that in those terms is, and the first think we do is to try to integrate tools into something bigger and better. And so, by the end of next year, I don't think that the Atrenta as we knew it quite exist. We have something better and that's actually mostly in the Verification Continuum. And so, we think it's actually fabulous technical acquisition and the customer loyalty and utilization has been very good and so this will also help us with a number of key customers as we look at the overall solution.
Trac Pham: I’d add, even though, we stated earlier that collectively the acquisitions will be dilutive for next year. Our goal is still to drive EPS growth in the high-single digits.
Monika Garg: Got it. Then last one for me. We have seen massive share buyback by one of your peers. Now you guys have a strong net cash position, generated lot of cash then why not accelerate the buyback?
Trac Pham: So, Monika, we think that the combination of buybacks and acquisitions definitely create a lot of value. We -- this particular quarter we happen to emphasize M&A, but overall early this year we did complete the -- we did announce the $180 million of ASR. And when you look back since 2010 to now, we’ve bought back more than $1.1 billion of stocks, so we are very committed to that.
Monika Garg: Got it. Thank you so much.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome, Monika.
Operator: At this time we have time for one more question. It will come from line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Yes. Thank you very much, Aart. Just sure if you can if you can talk a little bit about your strategy on the software security and quality market, you have been pretty active on that in terms of acquisitions? Are we going to see your growth strategy more focused on organic growth or you’re going to be more aggressive on the acquisition side for this market?
Aart de Geus: Both an easy answer, yes. Meaning that the good news is we have a very, very good R&D team here. And it’s quite remarkable how for the technology depth point of view and for many of the concept around calculation, understanding of languages, interpreting things, they are just as deep as the deepest people here at Synopsys and they have lot of similarity. At the same time, it is also very clear that if we invest in certain areas to broaden the impact they have. For example, with adding some more languages which we are doing, it immediately broadens the potential time of the solutions that we have. Having said that, the reason we invested in the security domain is because that’s too is the domain of specialists. And specialist at times can be a two edge sword because they are sometime specialist that are very narrow problems, where it’s very important to solve them, but it is very difficult to actually make a business off. And therefore, you wouldn’t be surprised if I said that there are many essentially service companies in that space that’s new -- if not a great job at least adequate job based on what is understood today. Our aim is slightly different. Our aim is to acquire or invest in areas where the problem is systematically growing and where we can offer much more of a platform solution, rather than either a service solution or some very low cost tools. And thus build the business not just similar to what EDA was in the early days for chip design, but now or for IP as a matter of fact, but now do the same in this domain, that is in our opinion still very much emerging. And so the acquisitions happen to be cornerstone pieces with very, very talented and experienced people, but that we’re relatively small versus the opportunity space. And having the Synopsys machine and in some ways also the brand behind this gives an opportunity for these technologies to be leveraged much more. So I guess I sort of answered your question by not answering it, because we're doing really both.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay. That’s very helpful. And one more follow-up on the question Krish asked about the Intel talking about extending the development of the product and you answered. But I just want to simplify that a little bit and see if I understand that clearly. Is it fair to say that even if the technology rollout changes from two years to three years, is that the complexity has increased so much that the rate of consumption of EDA doesn't changes? Is that the right way to look at it?
Aart de Geus: That is exactly the right way to look at, because the way to look at it is, EDA and that includes all EDA companies, we’re running as fast as we can at this point in time. And by the way I think the semiconductor, the manufacturing guys on technology, they’re running as fast as they can and the users are adopting as fast as they can and as fast as is economically reasonable. And so the reason I make a distinction with the users is because economically reasonable is determined by one more variable, which is ultimately the production yield. And so of course, the manufacturers are trying to drive the yield up like crazy. We are trying to make the designs as yield friendly as possible, and the ultimate volume adoption is a function of that. But there is no question that, there is no change whatsoever in the speed of drive of the semiconductor industry, it’s at max, it has always been at max and I think that will continue.
Mahesh Sanganeria: All right. Thank you very much.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: At this time, I’ll turn the call back for closing comments.
Aart de Geus: Well, I guess that brings us to the turn of the hour. Thank you very much for a very interesting set of questions. And I hope that you have an impression of Synopsys that captures both the momentum and the opportunity space going forward. And we will be available for further questions in one-on-ones as usual. Thank you so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Today’s conference will be available for digitized replay after 4 PM Pacific Time through midnight on August 26. You may access the AT&T Executive Replay Service at anytime by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701, entering access code, 366153. International participants dial (320) 365-3844. The number again is 1 (800) 475-6701, (320) 365-3844, access code 366153.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-05-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa K. Ewbank - Vice President-Investor Relations Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Bryan Andrew Masuda - D. A. Davidson & Co. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities LLC Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2015. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And later, we will have a question-and-answer session, instructions will be given at that time. Today's call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa K. Ewbank - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Lori. Good afternoon, everyone. Leading today's discussion are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys, and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and today's earnings press release. The reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, the earnings press release, and financial supplement that we released earlier today. All of these items plus the most recent Investor Presentation are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon. I'm happy to report that our second quarter results were very strong and solidify our outlook for the full year. We delivered revenue of $557 million, non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.68 and $155 million in operation cash flow. We're raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance, with a range of $2.210 billion to $2.235 billion, and our non-GAAP EPS objective to a range of $2.76 to $2.81, double-digit growth at the midpoint. Trac will discuss these results in more detail shortly. In the semiconductor and systems markets we serve, we continue to see unevenness in terms of business success, with some companies doing very well, while others are challenged, whether in particular verticals or geographies. Nonetheless, firms continue to invest aggressively in advanced design to build the next great chip for the next great product. In that, they rely on Synopsys as a critical partner. These products feature the most complex electronic systems in the world, spanning the entire continuum of Silicon to Software. Ranging from ever-smaller transistors and abundant sensors, to the critical communication and supporting cloud infrastructures, to embedded software and more and more sophisticated applications, the resulting interactions between big data, communication, and computation are leading rapidly to the age of Smart Everything. In the decade to come, advances in this space will again bring about unparalleled new capabilities that just a few years ago, felt like far-away science fiction. Synopsys is well positioned. Our EDA solutions enable the most advanced chips, our IP business greatly boosts designer productivity, and recently, our software quality and security tools address the complexity of both embedded and applications software, and thus expand our traditional TAM. In addition, our global teams are focused on exceptional customer relationships and differentiated technology support. Building on this vision, last year, we launched a multi-year market strategy based on three pillars: First, build on our leadership in EDA by providing the state-of-the-art toolsets required to design the next generation of chips. Second, grow our IP offering as one of the highest-impact productivity mechanisms available to design highly complex chips under unrelenting time-to-market constraints. And third, invest in and grow our software quality and security solutions, as embedded software expands massively into next-generation electronic systems, and the security vulnerabilities of application software create more and more challenges in our day-to-day lives. Let me provide some highlights on each of these, starting with EDA. The technical challenges facing semiconductor and systems companies are driving substantial investments in the most advanced, as well as more established, process geometries. The number of designs using power-efficient FinFET transistors at sizes as small as 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer, and 10-nanometer is growing rapidly, as leading-edge companies race forward. The number of active FinFET designs and tape-outs to-date again grew almost 15% in just the last quarter, to well over 200. Synopsys is relied on for approximately 95% of these, and our momentum continues, as more and more enterprises commit to FinFET and count on us for success. For example, last month, we announced TSMC certification for Synopsys design tools for 16-nanometer of FinFET Plus production, and for 10-nanometer early design starts. And during the quarter, we displaced a competitor at one of its traditional Asian strongholds accounts for advanced 14-nanometer and 16-nanometer nodes. While leading-edge designs are moving as fast as possible to FinFET, many advanced designs continue to be on 28-nanometer, which is expected to have a long life cycle. Our innovations pioneered for advanced FinFET designs are also bringing remarkable benefits to 28-nanometer circuit, as well as to more established nodes such as 40-nanometer, 65-nanometer, and 90-nanometer. Our custom design solution is also gaining strength, and in fact we successfully displaced the incumbent at a global medical device company, who is now using a complete Synopsys digital-and-custom flow. Relevant here, and a year after its announcement, it's worth reporting on our new flagship place and route product: IC Compiler II. In a word, it's doing great. IC Compiler II has proven to be a true game-changer for a fast-growing group of customers. And we can report tremendous demand and excellent business momentum. We're currently already serving 32 customers with more than 70 in-progress design efforts. This is up 40% from last quarter. With more than 90 production designs and tape-outs, IC Compiler II is used on numerous process nodes from 40-nanometer, 28-nanometer to the most advanced 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer and 10-nanometers. These are production designs, not test chips. Customers report that IC Compiler II is dramatically faster than any tool on the market today, including next generation offerings touted by competitors. In a number of cases, we take half to just a quarter of the time of competitor tools – with runtimes of hours versus days. These runtimes are achieved while the quality of results reported by users is superior as well. In March, for example, Toshiba cited "unprecedented runtime speedup and superior quality of results" by IC Compiler II, as experienced on its 40-nanometer SoC tape-out. At our recent Users Group meeting here in Silicon Valley, customers including Toshiba, Renesas, MediaTek and ARM spoke about their successes with the tool. From a business perspective, demand is very high, even in these early stages. And over the last three quarters, we've seen the fastest-ever ramp-up in orders for a new product. With our June release, which includes further enhanced functionality, IC Compiler II will be available to all customers. Now moving to verification, where approximately 80% of advanced designs rely on the Synopsys solution as their primary simulator. Q2 was a record quarter for our verification tools, reflecting early momentum for our Verification Continuum Platform, with particularly strong results for our emulation system. Verification is the biggest bottleneck in chip design today. To address this, our Verification Continuum platform contains all of the key capabilities, from our franchise VCS functional simulator, to static and formal analysis, to verification IP, to emulation and prototyping – all aligned on a common infrastructure, with best-in-class debugging. The platform was developed and continues to evolve in close collaboration with key customers. It has already been integral to large renewals and competitive wins. We introduced the first components last year, including Verification Compiler, which integrates many of the software elements. Customer interest is high, as evidenced by adoption not only by chip companies, but also by several very large systems companies in the quarter. Here too, high-value additional features and further integration will roll-out through the rest of the year. Let me now move to our second strategic priority of growing our IP and Prototyping product lines. The Synopsys IP value proposition is compelling. We are the number one supplier of interface, analog, memory, and physical semiconductor IP, with a reputation for highest quality, reliability, and technical excellence. The business continues to grow, with our IP being used in the most complex chips in the world, from advanced FinFET processes to those targeting automotive, industrial and Internet of Things applications. Based on our very broad availability of proven FinFET IP, we have established clear leadership in FinFET IP development. This quarter, for example, we announced immediate availability of our silicon-proven IP in TSMC's 16-nanometer of FinFET Plus processes. We also closed a significant agreement with another major foundry to enable broad Synopsys IP on multiple FinFET and 28-nanometer processes. Development of our 10-nanometer IP portfolio is in full swing with multiple customers and partners. We've had a number of important customer wins, including Broadcom, which extended its license agreement providing access to Synopsys' ARC processors for an expanded range of advanced multimedia and networking designs. Meanwhile, electronics are getting smarter, enabling us to run our lives from wherever we are, at any time. Synopsys is at the forefront of delivering IP optimized for Smart Everything applications. For example, we announced a new embedded vision processor that enables designers to efficiently include capabilities such as object detection, gesture recognition and video surveillance in their products. Our sensor subsystem is showing momentum, with multiple wins in the quarter with high-profile customers. To address this growing complexity, our prototyping tools enable accelerated software development, hardware/software integration, and validation of the entire system. We're seeing good repeat orders for our HAPS FPGA prototyping system by companies developing leading-edge mobile SoCs, as well as adoption of our software-based solution in the automotive space. Turning now to strategic priority number three: Grow our TAM by building a new adjacent business in software quality and security. A year after acquiring and integrating Coverity, we've learned the following: Coverity was a great acquisition, a compelling combination of the familiar and the new, and a platform we can build on. Specifically, we acquired excellent technology, the expanded customer base, and a brand new TAM. In order to scale the operations to a grander level, it'll take ongoing investments in sales and marketing, as well as in R&D. We're confident in the opportunity in front of us, and understand how to leverage Synopsys' experience in scaling the business, and thus evolve a new growth engine. Our strategy is to build a compelling and differentiated platform through mainly organic investments in the quality space, and a combination of organic and M&A investments in the security space. To that end, we're expanding our position in software security with the acquisition of Codenomicon, a leader in the area of dynamic security analysis, and well-known for independently discovering the infamous Heartbleed bug. With this acquisition, which is expected to close during Q3, Synopsys can deliver a more comprehensive security offering for the software development lifecycle. To reflect our expanded presence, we've given the business group a new name, Software Integrity Group, which conveys our focus on software quality and security to help our customers develop complex software with rock-solid integrity. We expect the Software Integrity Group to be slightly dilutive in the second half of the year. Nonetheless, we are raising our overall guidance, reflecting strength in our overall business. In summary, Q2 was a strong quarter, which solidifies our outlook for the year. Financially, we delivered excellent results and are raising our annual revenue midpoint and non-GAAP EPS guidance range. We see clear momentum with our new implementation and verification products, where we're still in the early stages of a multi-year upgrade cycle. And our acquisition in the software security space will expand our presence in this highly important area. Let me now turn the call over to Trac Pham.
Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Aart. And good afternoon, everyone. As reflected in our excellent Q2 financial results, we are seeing good momentum and strong execution in our business. We met or exceeded all quarterly financial targets provided last quarter. We delivered growth in revenue and non-GAAP earnings and generated considerable cash flow. Based on the strength of the first half and our confidence in the rest of the year, we are raising our 2015 outlook for revenue and non-GAAP earnings and reaffirming operating cash flow. Now to the numbers. As I talk through Q2 results and targets for the rest of the year, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 8% to $557 million, reflecting solid organic and acquired-company growth. Greater than 90% of Q2 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for more than 10%. The weighted average duration of our renewable customer license commitments was about 2.5 years. Duration will vary depending on customer requirements. We expect full year duration to be close to three years. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $481 million. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $420 million, at the lower end of our range, due largely to some delayed hiring. Non-GAAP operating margin was 24.7%. Aligning with the multi-year strategy Aart outlined, we'll continue to drive company-wide operational discipline in order to fund our higher-growth initiatives. GAAP earnings per share were $0.35 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.68. Turning to cash flow. We generated $155 million of operating cash flow and continue to target approximately $450 million for the year. We ended the quarter with total debt of $220 million. This includes $160 million from our revolver, which we used to fund the $180 million accelerated share repurchase in Q1, and $60 million from our term loan. As a reminder, the ASR is expected to be completed this quarter when the final shares are delivered. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of $1 billion, with 15% onshore. Yesterday, we renewed and expanded our credit facility to $500 million. The revolver, which may be increased by an additional $150 million, provides excellent flexibility to support our strategy and business operations. We'll continue to optimize the use of cash to generate maximum long-term shareholder value. Each quarter, we will evaluate our M&A, buyback and debt reduction options to determine the best balance. DSO was 55 days and we ended Q2 with approximately 9,450 employees, with more than one third in lower-cost geographies. Now to our third quarter and fiscal 2015 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For the third quarter, our targets are: revenue between $550 million and $560 million, total GAAP costs and expenses between $481 million and $501 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $430 million and $440 million, other income between zero and $2 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of 21% to 22%, outstanding shares between 155 million to 159 million, GAAP earnings of $0.23 to $0.30 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $0.58 to $0.60 per share. For Fiscal 2015: revenue between $2.21 billion to $2.235 billion, a growth rate of approximately 7% to 9%, other income between $6 million and $10 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of 19% to 20%, outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million, GAAP earnings of $1.39 to $1.49 per share, which includes the impact of approximately $85 million of stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP earnings of $2.76 to $2.81 per share. We've raised our guidance range while taking into account the slight dilution we expect from our Software Integrity Group in the second half of the year, capital expenditures of approximately $100 million, and cash flow from operations of approximately $450 million. In summary, Q2 was another strong quarter. We delivered excellent financial results, highlighted by top and bottom-line growth, solid execution across our business lines, and strong cash flow generation. We are also increasing 2015 revenue and non-GAAP EPS guidance, reflecting strong momentum in the first half and our confidence in the rest of the year. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: We'll go to Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. Question on ICC II. Thank you for the update there, it sounds like there is a lot of momentum in the market. Just wondered if you would address some chatter out in the market about some maybe initial versions of ICC II having some QoR issues that needed to be cleaned up by ICC I runs. It sounded like if you had those, you are beyond them, but wondering if you would address those or not?
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well, this is mostly noise that is related to any transition that you have. ICC II at this point in time is doing very complex chips extremely well and does not need any – I guess is supported by its older brother so to speak. At any point in time, people like to compare results from one tool to another, they like to see if it behaves in the same predictable fashion as they are accustomed to and IC Compiler II is just doing fabulously well in those comparisons. And more often than not, we get actually response from customers that involve quite a bit of surprise on their part. So having said that, it's a very complex product and we are in an intense move to get customers to move into production design with it that takes some effort and well on top of that.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: That's great. And then, with respect to the acquisition I wanted to clarify – is that baked into the guidance? It wasn't exactly clear to me if that was in the guidance or not in the guidance, that Codenomicon?
Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Rich. This is Trac. The Codenomicon is not backed into the guidance we've provided. But the impact should be immaterial and we won't be changing guidance as a result.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Now, when you had announced that, you'd said you thought it would close in 30 days, which is about where we are now. Anything we should know about? Why that hasn't closed in that timeframe?
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: No, not really. These are just – there is certain amount of work that have to be done with the authorities locally and long track to execute on that.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: And so, I guess since that hasn't closed, that implies that Coverity will be slightly diluted in the second half of the year. Is that as expected?
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: No. Actually, you probably remember that, when we originally acquired it, in our initial plan, we expect it to be breakeven in the second half of the year that – now, that we know much more and now that we've also decided to make some additional investments specifically in broadening the language coverage that is why we specifically communicated at the end of the second half it would be slightly dilutive. But it's very small and we essentially embedded this in the rest of the business for the company. So from that perspective, we still raise guidance.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it, that makes sense. Aart, I just wanted to make sure that I heard you right. I thought you said you had a very strong emulation quarter; was that correct, in your prepared remarks?
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that was exactly what I said.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: And I was actually going to ask you if the sales of emulation had been affected at all by the lawsuit, that I guess you lost at least initially, at this point, with Mentor. And I'm guessing the answer that would be that they have not been adversely affected, but I'll let you answer that question.
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: Sure. And I will minimize my comments on this, after the verdict of course there was a set of issues we have to deal with, the version that's on the market today does not violate any of that. And so, we see that our business is doing well.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thanks very much, Aart, I appreciate it.
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome, Rich.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Hi, guys. I apologize, I got cut off for a part of the call, so if you said this in your prepared remarks, I do apologize. But around ICC II, I imagine most of the traction is with the existing customers. I'm just wondering – any commentary in terms of not-Synopsys teams that are starting to adopt this for some of their advanced chips?
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well. As you would imagine, Synopsys has been serving the most advanced designers in the world pretty much a 100%. And so while there is always one or two hold outs, our first objective, obviously, is to make sure that's the hardest driving design groups that need it most, that do the largest chips, and by the way that also the most demanding are successful first, and I think we are doing remarkably well with that group of people. There are number of maybe less advanced designs or let me put it more – in the 28-nanometer, 40-nanometer category designs that are sometimes advanced but on less evolved silicon technologies that are also using the tool extremely effectively. And so, we have an opportunity here to broaden to companies that maybe before did not look at us as their primary provider for (26:13).
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, on the guidance for next quarter, specifically to the EPS, is the only increase in operating expenses the slight dilution the you are talking to, or is there some sales hiring or other operating expense investments that you are making, given where the range of EPS is coming in, relative to consensus?
Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer: I'm sorry, Sterling, you're asking about the expense increase from Q2 to Q3? Is that right?
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's correct.
Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So, what you're going to see in the quarter-to-quarter comparison is the delayed hiring that we saw in Q2, as well as the merit increase for the second half of the year.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: We've a question from Tom Diffely with D. A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Bryan Andrew Masuda - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah, hi. This is Andrew Masuda calling in for Tom. You guys mentioned that you guys had 15% of your cash onshore. I was just wondering if there was a minimum threshold that you would like to maintain for acquisitions and/or share repurchases?
Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer: I'm sorry. In general, we tried to keep our U.S. cash flow at around $100 million, but keep – I should note that we did close our revolver yesterday and we increased that to from $350 million to $500 million. So the combination of the onshore cash right now of $150 million plus the increase revolver gives us a lot of flexibility.
Bryan Andrew Masuda - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Thank you. And then, Aart, just a question on the software quality and security. Can you remind us how much that increases Synopsys' overall TAM?
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: It's difficult to remind you, because I always struggle with that question. The reason I struggle is that the space of software productivity tools, software quality tools and then security is highly fragmented and sort of continually evolving. Our own sense initially is that the TAM probably grows by another $500 million or so. But I'll be the first one to say that depending on how one look at it can be much larger. I don't think it will be much smaller. But the security space is a little bit the wild west right now.
Bryan Andrew Masuda - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then just last question on IP and systems, I noticed that it just ticked down modestly in the April quarter. Can you talk about your expectations on that segment for the full year?
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: From a quarter-to-quarter, it's hard to have very precise expectations. In general on a trailing-12 months basis, which is sort of what we mostly look at, it's up quite a bit. And the IP business by definition is somewhat lumpy, because there are number of deals that are large and ship immediately, there are some that require work to be done on a contract. And so, it can vary quite a bit. And last year for example was lower business growth than this year. So having said that I think the business is in good shape.
Bryan Andrew Masuda - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you.
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Good evening. Aart, I would like to ask about IC Compiler II as well. Just to clarify the business impact that you're seeing from its adoption, I believe you said, there are 32 customers now using it. Is it the case that most, if not all of them are paying you more now for its use versus what they would have paid you for the, let's say, equivalent number of licenses of its older brother, IC Compiler I? And if you could help us understand the incremental bookings and/or pricing or revenue implications of its adoption?
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Well for starters, the product itself is priced at a higher level than IC Compiler I. It has dramatically better capabilities, and of course is superefficient. Secondly, a number of customers as part of their multi-year contracts with us have an opportunity to remix into the next version, at which point in time, they use up more of that contract. And then lastly, as contracts come up for renewal, that is an excellent time to establish what's their level of commitments to Synopsys place and route is and IC Compiler II is doing extremely well with that. And so, having a history of fairly substantially new products in the past, not that we have something like IC Compiler II every few years or so, we nonetheless can absolutely see that the rate of business growth is excellent for it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. And a couple of questions for Trac. You mentioned hiring in an answer to, I think, Sterling's question earlier. In doing a spot check on your website, the number of open positions that you now have. And I know it's sometimes not the best reading of a company's plans, but you do now have largest number of open recs in about a year and a half, since the end of 2013. Could you help us understand how much of that intended hiring, or the people you are looking for, are in a more traditional core EDA business versus the new Software Integrity business?
Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer: We definitely hire – are looking at to grow our investments in the Software Integrity Group as well as the IP and systems side. As we said, we will commit to growing in those spaces. Keep in mind that the head count at the end of Q2 is roughly flat with where we exited last year. So and for two quarters, now we've been behind our hiring so we should expect that to ramp up a little bit. But with that hiring in mind, I would just refer you back to the full year guidance, we still are at the midpoint of EPS, we're still looking to grow EPS by 10% and then we're still looking to increase operating margins by about 100 basis points year-over-year. So while we're hiring to support our business, we're mindful of the financial impact.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. A couple more for you, Trac. Your core EDA business was up pretty nicely sequentially for first quarter to second quarter, or larger than usual increase. If we think about that in geo terms, would it be fair to say that most of that sequential increase would have been in Asia-Pac, and perhaps secondly in North America?
Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer: It lines up because you do see that the growth in, the trailing 12 months growth for North America and Asia-Pac was pretty strong.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Yes. Okay. And your cost of revenues per product was actually down sequentially, in-spite of the fact that you had a strong emulation quarter. Perhaps you had a really nice increase in the margin on emulation, but should we perhaps read into that, that the HAPS business, also hardware of course, might have been down sequentially? And from a cost perspective might have offset the increments from emulation?
Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. We're not concerned about that and we actually don't worry about the COGS line on a quarter-to-quarter basis. If you look at it over the last – this quarter as well as the last few quarter trend, it usually bounces around between 82% and 84% and we're well within that range, so, I wouldn't read anything into it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then lastly for Aart, a somewhat technical question, so IC Compiler II, of course, has been on the market now for about a year. One of the things you talked about since you released it or when you released it, was its substantial capacity additions. Could you remind us what you've done for the other products that are closely tied to IC Compiler in implementation, particularly DC and PrimeTime and others, in terms of materially expanding their capacity to keep up, so to say, with the design sizes for IC Compiler II?
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well, first taking the step back, the IC Compiler II was out or IC Compiler was somewhat off the bottleneck in the very, very large designs, because far and away the largest amount of data is attached to the physical representation of a design, which does mean that it's not desirable to have higher level of capacity on any of the other tools. And so – at any point of time when one tool solely does a lot better all of the other tools while being happy for the company, immediately realized that the pressure is on them now to continue to improve and, of course, that is exactly what we're doing, and so from time-to-time you will see new capabilities come out on any of the surrounding tools, and the practical situation, always you can't do it fast enough. So they're working hard on it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thanks, Aart. Thanks, Trac.
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. The first on emulation, Aart, could you talk about – you talked about a strong growth in the emulation segment. What is your expectation for the growth of that business year-over-year and your views on the market as well?
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't think I commented on the market. I said that emulation was strong in the quarter for us. But I put it really in the perspective of our broader mission, which is a Verification Continuum that really contains the cornerstones of simulation and, of course, emulation, but also number of other technology. And the reason that's important is because in reality, most designers use a broad set of tools and one of the things that really helps them is if the tools understand the electronic representation the same way, with other words if it can sit on the same infrastructure and if you can use the same debuggers, even if some of the tools are more appropriate for one thing than another. And so within that context that we have made outstanding progress specifically and making sure that the compilation techniques that we use for simulation and emulation line up very well, and about a year and half or so ago we had flagged that as one of the weaknesses in our offering. And I think right now, it's becoming rapidly a strength.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities LLC: So is it fair to assume your emulation standalone revenues growing at least double-digit year-over-year?
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: You know Monika, we said that it's doing very well. We don't disclose the growth rates of individual product. They tend to go up and down, but I would reiterate that we think that we have a very strong emulation solution.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities LLC: Okay. Then on the Coverity, when it was bought, you talked about it growing at 20% growth rate. Could you maybe share how is that business doing on the growth rate basis?
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's roughly on track. It is slightly differently dimensioned than when we originally acquired it, because we didn't quite know exactly how to read the numbers. We have concluded meanwhile that it is a business that has great opportunity and for that reason we realized after a while that our core strength is really the depths of the algorithms, specifically around the analysis of the languages. And that of course, beg the question, well, so which languages do you do, and we decided to invest in broadening that language sets. So I think there is still a lot of space to be explored here. And then the other broadening that we took on, of course, is to strengthen the security angle. Coverity already have some security capabilities, but they were not really well-known for it. Codenomicon is certainly a brand name, and it allows us to position a little bit better in this emerging space while at the same time, learning quite rapidly, what are actually the things that are most valuable to customers.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities LLC: Got it. Just a housekeeping question, if you look at maintenance and service line item, the first half of this year, the revenues about $130 million, but last year was about $102 million. So it's something going on there? Or is there some reclassification of revenue in this line item?
Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer: Are you talking about service?
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities LLC: Yeah, maintenance and service line item, yes?
Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer: Well, those tend to go up and down quite a bit. They are very lumpy because a lot of these are directly related to certain contracts having milestones, and the milestones can be very unevenly spread. And so, the service business is not very large for us. And so, I wouldn't read very much into it. The very fact that I wasn't even unaware of what you just said shows that we are – ourselves maybe we can pay more attention to it, but we didn't.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. That's all for me.
Trac Pham - Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll go to Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes. Thank you very much. Another IC Compiler question, Aart. We estimate that the addressable market for place and route about $600 million growing more at mid-single digit. If you can give your opinion on that? And also if you can talk about comparative positioning, because your competitors also claiming significant design wins in that area. So if you can comment on that, that would be helpful.
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well. I cannot comment about the – what a competitor says. If they're growing, that's good, that means the whole market is growing even more. We are certainly doing very well and have been the largest provider in that segment of the market for quite a while. And so, what makes that market interesting and challenging is that it's the first place where all the new challenges of new technologies come through both in terms of the physics, but also in terms of the sheer complexity off of the chips that have to go through the tools. And in that context, IC Compiler II, I think is passing the test with flying colors and that is why we've seen the business actually do very well around IC Compiler II. And as a matter of fact, the run rate for the whole company is up. And so, IC Compiler was certainly a cornerstone in the things that we wanted to accomplish this year.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And another question, you made a comment on 28-nanometer being a bigger node in your opening statement. I guess you were probably referring that 28-nanometer is staying much longer than – and you're seeing new designs. Does that have any implication on how things progress for your business? Does that imply that advanced technology is slower, but it doesn't matter to you. You'll go by – I mean you're benefiting from a number of designs, not necessarily has to be the leading edge?
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: That's a very good question. And you may recall that I fairly strongly predicted this. I would say four quarters to six quarters ago already and there is a logic to it, which is no matter what's the difference between 28-nanometer and then the 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer and so on. FinFET is that 28-nanometer is what's called planar transistors or flat, right, whereas FinFET as a name says Fins, they are vertical. And so that is a fairly big physical change, when you think about it. And so there is a reason, one would go after such a change, because the benefits are very large for very sophisticated advanced designs that also need very low-power. So no surprise the people that go there first are the processors and are the people that do a mobility, because they have very complex chips and need low-power. Now, contrary to popular opinion, it's not just two customers or three customers that have gone there. It's a larger number already. But it is also true that for many of the others. They sort of way to see as others have crossed the bridge, how that's going, when are the economics right, where is the yield is really predictable all the things that you do, if you don't see a super high advantage in being in the most advanced nodes. But then now you are right about 28-nanometer, which is a very, very solid node, very high yields, a good cost point and so on. And you say well, I still want to differentiate. And so now you're doing very advanced design on 28-nanometer node, which by the way is just as difficult, it's just the type of difficulty you already know about. And so, it's in that context that many of the benefits of IC Compiler II that we're pioneered with, obviously, the intent to be able to satisfy the FinFET crowd have actually very positive impact on the 28-nanometer, and actually we see a number of people also do very well at 40-nanometer. And you look at that configuration, and you say, hey! that makes sense. It's economics that determines when people go over the bridge, and right now the 65-nanometer and 40-nanometer group is arriving at 28-nanometer and we'll be looking when to cross into FinFET when it makes economic sense.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: And I'll turn it back to our presenters for closing remarks.
Aart J. de Geus - Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well, at this point in time, I hope that you heard that we had a very solid and strong quarter with a number of key products that we had invested in for a number of years. These products are doing well. It's early in the comprehensive rollouts, but it is a very promising and it's certainly technology that applies to all the new designs being done. And with that, for those of you that joined us at the individual session, we'll see you later, and thank you very much for your time.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference call will be made available for replay that begins today at 4 pm Pacific Time. The replay runs through the date of May 27 at midnight Pacific. You can access the AT&T playback service by dialing 1-800-475-6701, and enter the access code, 359327. International parties may dial 1-320-365-3844, replay access code 359327. The numbers again, domestic 1-800-475-6701 and international dial 1-320-365-3844, the replay access code 359327. And that concludes the teleconference. Thank you for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-02-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - VP, IR Aart de Geus - Chairman & Co-CEO Trac Pham - CFO
Analysts: Rich Valera - Needham & Company Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Krish Sankar - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2015. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Greg, and good afternoon, everyone. Leading today's discussion are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Trac Pham, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, and today's earnings press release. The reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, the earnings press release, and financial supplement that we released earlier today. All of these items plus the most recent Investor Presentation are available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the prepared remarks will be posted on the site at the conclusion of the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Q1 was an excellent start to the year. We delivered revenue of $542 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.80. We entered into a $180 million accelerated share buyback program to repurchase stock. We are on-track to meeting our operating cash flow goal of approximately $450 million for the year. We are raising our revenue target to $2.195 billion to $2.235 billion, and our non-GAAP EPS objective to a range of $2.75 to $2.80, the midpoint of which represents double-digit growth. Trac will discuss these in more detail shortly. Looking at the economic landscape around us, I would characterize both the macro and semiconductor environments as solid. The overall economic outlook remains stable, with levels of caution that vary by geography. For semiconductors, which had a strong 2014 with about 10% growth, the outlook for 2015 is positive, albeit with the usual early year trepidations driven by a very competitive market. The impact of semiconductors continues to grow, not only in the traditional computation and mobile communication areas, but increasingly in every aspect of our daily life, including health, automotive, and financial segments. With this unstoppable evolution of the electronics market, the relentless drive for smaller and lower-power transistors continues unabated. Its corollary, much more complex chips that integrate complete systems, including rapidly mounting embedded software content, continues to drive our and our customers' business. The number of designs using power-efficient FinFET transistors at sizes as small as 16 nanometer, 14 nanometer, and 10 nanometer is growing at a fast pace. At the same time, the cost and time-to-market pressures can make or break a product cycle. For our customers, this puts great emphasis on partnering with vendors who can not only provide the best tools, but who also collaborate intensely to ensure product success. Synopsys is uniquely positioned to be just that partner, and in fact has demonstrated time and again our value as an integral part of their success. One such partner, one of the most important wireless IC companies in the world, expanded its relationship with us in Q1. As they develop their next-generation of products and plan their requirements for the next several years, they'll count on close collaboration and the leverage of a larger portfolio of Synopsys tools across digital and analog/mixed signal, design, and verification. In 2014, we launched a multi-year Silicon to Software market strategy, predicated on three pillars. First, build on our leadership in EDA with the clear objective to provide the state-of-the-art toolset required to design the next generations of chips. Second, grow our IP offering as one of the highest-impact productivity mechanisms available to design highly complex chips under unrelenting time-to-market constraints. And third, invest in and grow our Software Quality and Security solutions, as embedded software expands massively into next-generation electronic systems, and the vulnerabilities of application software create more and more challenges in our day-to-day lives. We enter Q2 with confidence in our business due to our position and expertise ranging from deep silicon to sophisticated software; our comprehensive product portfolio utilized today by the most influential semi and systems companies; a global technical support team widely recognized as the best in the world; and a predictable business model that enables us to invest consistently to advance technology, while simultaneously driving long-term shareholder value. Let me now provide some highlights for the past quarter, starting with EDA. As the acknowledged technology leader at advanced nodes, Synopsys is deeply engaged in our customers' efforts, ranging from early process development, to chip design, to system verification. The number of active FinFET designs and tape-outs to-date grew nearly 15% in just the last quarter, to almost 200. The breadth of our FinFET proven tools and IP gives us a notable competitive advantage, as evidenced by Synopsys being relied on for approximately 95% of these designs. At the very bleeding edge, we're engaged in numerous 10 nanometer partnerships with early adopters, and we're the go-to partner for 10 nanometer process development. Through our TCAD technology, we're already collaborating with silicon providers and research consortia such as IMEC on 5 nanometer and 7 nanometer. As a result of these early-stage collaborations, we have access to key models much earlier in the process than our competitors, giving us a sustainable advantage. Our relentless innovation in verification, both digital and analog/mixed-signal, is evident as well. Our flagship VCS functional verification product is the primary simulator for 80% of advanced designs. In 2014, we began rolling out game-changing new products that are driving a multi-year upgrade cycle in both design and verification. The single most important EDA tool launch in the last decade was IC Compiler II. Announced last March, and which delivers, we claimed at that time, an astonishing 10X improvement in throughput. Now with more than 50 engagements, our productivity claims are being confirmed again and again, and we're now systematically helping customers proliferate IC Compiler II into their production flows. During the quarter, Renesas stated in a press release that they, "view ICC II as a key enabler of competitive differentiation, and are in the process of extending its application to all key in-flight programs across 40 nanometer to 28 nanometer and below." Another advanced customer commented that, while the speed-up itself is impressive, the impact when combined with its larger capacity is that it opens the door to fundamentally changing the very way in which design is done. That is why we refer to it as a game changer in the industry. At this point, IC Complier II has already delivered a rapidly growing number of successful tape-outs, and we see high demand across our customer base. In verification, our objectives are just as ambitious. We're executing on a Verification Continuum vision that integrates best-in-class hardware and software engines aimed at radically impacting verification and debugging productivity. In 2014, we released the first set of capabilities in our Verification Compiler product, which combines all our software-based verification tools. Demand and initial adoption have been excellent. We're now broadening our integration to encompass both software and hardware-based verification engines. As we're fortunate to have both the fastest engines and the number one position in a majority of the verification areas, tight integration will drive substantial productivity increases for our customers. This has enormous value to them as they struggle with chip and system complexities compounded by hardware-software interactions. The early results are truly excellent and throughout 2015, we'll roll out key capabilities that position us well over the next several years. Our strong ecosystem partnerships with the leading foundries and key IP providers are also critical in supporting our mutual customers. For example, last month, ARM and Synopsys announced support for ARM's new Cortex-A72 processor for mobile SoC development. The reference flow includes a range of Synopsys tools, including our powerful IC Compiler II product. Let me move to our second strategic priority of growing our IP and Prototyping product lines. Demand for IP is strong, as more and more companies outsource standards-based, yet complex, IP blocks. Synopsys is the number one supplier of interface, analog, memory, and physical semiconductor IP, bolstered by a reputation for highest quality, reliability, and technical excellence. We are increasingly at the forefront of process viability as our IP is a vital enabler of the commercial introduction of new technology nodes, be it the most advanced FinFET processes or those targeting the Internet of Things. We've taped out more than 30 FinFET chips, and the silicon results look very good across the board. We secured a large, strategic win for a broad set of 10 nanometer IP blocks, and also delivered our first 10 nanometer embedded memory IP, all indicative of our momentum. In addition, we are the very first IP provider of a USB 3.1 controller. This new generation of USB has great promise; it's twice as fast as USB 3.0, and more power efficient. Imagine the impact of such improvements in your daily use of your mobile devices. As you know, the software content on those mobile devices is huge and growing. The design challenges are significant, and it's become necessary to adopt an approach that enables software development to occur at the same time as the chip design, thereby speeding time-to-market by six to nine months. Our HAPS FPGA-based prototyping solution does just that, and has proven itself in the marketplace. Q1 was its highest revenue quarter ever, and with more than 5,000 HAPS systems installed at customers today, we have excellent momentum. Turning now to Strategic Priority number three, expand our presence in software quality and security by building on the excellent Coverity Solutions we acquired last year. In this new market space that analysts expect to grow in the 20% range, we see our opportunity in three primary areas. One, accelerate adoption in the directly adjacent embedded software market segment, which covers software embedded on a chip, or electronic system. Two, accelerate adoption in the largely untapped enterprise-applications market segment that reaches industries from financial to health, energy, retail, social media, et cetera. And three, enlarge the portfolio by investing in new languages, and further expanding in the security space. The Coverity integration of infrastructure and sales has gone well, and our initial financial expectations are on track. We saw 32 new logos in the quarter, and executed an important agreement with a large, U.S. energy company, which expanded its usage after good initial success. This customer values not only the excellent technology, but also the stability and resources of the larger Synopsys entity. In summary, we are confident and optimistic about our business. We delivered strong results in Q1, and are raising revenue and non-GAAP earnings guidance for the year. We see high demand for our compelling new technologies in core EDA, which will drive a multi-year upgrade cycle. Our ever-expanding portfolio of IP and momentum in FPGA prototyping are driving strong IP and systems growth. And finally, we're making good progress in our new, higher-growth software quality and security space. Let me now turn the call over to Trac Pham.
Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. Building on a strong foundation in 2014, we're starting this year with great momentum. Our excellent Q1 financial results and improved 2015 outlook leaves us increasingly confident in our ability to execute our strategy for growth and profitability. In Q1, we met or exceeded all quarterly financial targets we provided in December, posted double-digit growth in both revenue and earnings, and accelerated our stock buyback program. Now to the numbers. As I talk through Q1 results and targets for the rest of the year, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 13% to $542 million. Greater than 90% of Q1 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for more than 10%. The weighted average duration of our renewable customer license commitments was about 2.4 years, but we expect the full year duration to be approximately 3 years. Q1 total GAAP costs and expenses were $471 million. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $403 million, below our target range, due largely to a shift in timing of expenses, including some delayed hiring, as well as lower travel and professional services. Q1 non-GAAP operating margin was 25.7%. GAAP earnings per share were $0.41. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.80, above our target range due largely to a lower tax rate and timing of expenses. Non-GAAP tax rate was 13.4%, due mostly to the reinstatement of the federal R&D tax credit for 2014. The Q1 tax rate includes both a retroactive benefit for fiscal 2014 and a partial year impact to fiscal 2015. As a result, we think a non-GAAP tax rate between 19% and 20% is a reasonable estimate for 2015. Turning to cash flow. As expected, Q1 had a net operating cash outflow. The $87 million outflow was due mostly to the timing of 2014 incentive compensation payments, along with one-time severance payments related to our voluntary retirement program and other restructuring. We continue to target operating cash flow of approximately $450 million. We ended the quarter with total debt of $303 million. This includes $235 million from our revolver, drawn during the quarter to largely fund our Q1 share repurchases, and $68 million from our term loan. During the quarter, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement, or ASR, for $180 million. This was part of our goal to keep share count roughly flat with 2014 levels. Under this ASR, we received 3.3 million shares in Q1, and expect to receive the balance by Q3 when the ASR is completed. We have $200 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, of $917 million, with 13% onshore. We'll continue to optimize the use of cash to generate maximum long-term shareholder value. Each quarter we will evaluate our M&A, buyback, and debt reduction options, to determine the best balance. DSO was 49 days and we ended Q1 with approximately 9,300 employees, with more than one-third in lower-cost geographies. Now to our second quarter and fiscal 2015 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For the second quarter, our targets are revenue between $543 million and $553 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $470 million and $489 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $418 million and $428 million; other income between $0 million and $2 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of 22% to 23%; outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million; GAAP earnings of $0.26 to $0.33 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.62 to $0.64 per share. For fiscal 2015, we are increasing our revenue target to $2.195 billion to $2.235 billion, a growth rate of approximately 7% to 9%; we expect other income between $5 million and $9 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of 19% to 20%; outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million; GAAP earnings of $1.41 to $1.50 per share, which includes the impact of approximately $89 million in stock-based compensation expense; we are increasing our non-GAAP earnings to a range of $2.75 to $2.80 per share, which represents double-digit growth at the mid-point; capital expenditures of approximately $100 million; and cash flow from operations of approximately $450 million. Finally, to help in your modeling, second half revenue is expected to be slightly higher than first half revenue, with Q4 the largest revenue quarter. We expect total non-GAAP expenses to be skewed slightly toward the second half of the year, with non-GAAP EPS increasing sequentially from Q2 to Q4. In summary, Q1 was a strong start to the year. We delivered excellent financial results, highlighted by double-digit top and bottom-line growth and solid operating margin. We are also increasing revenue and EPS guidance for the year, reflecting the confidence and optimism we have for the business. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Rich Valera from Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Aart, I was wondering if you'd be willing to comment on the competitive dynamics in the EDA industry, particularly, I guess in digital, as you probably know your largest competitor is talking about gaining share in digital and has increased their expenses pretty significantly this year to support those share gains. So just wanted to get your sense if, are you seeing any changes in the competitive landscape and do you think you need to change your level of investment to address these changes to the degree you're seeing them? Thanks.
Aart de Geus: Thank you. No, we don't see any big changes nothing that you're telling me is not age-old EDA, this has always been a very competitive landscape. And we are in the fortunate situation of specifically in the digital side, we have some really fabulous products that has been rolled out and that are now gradually being distributed to customers. So that brings with it that there is quite a bit of support effort to help them move on to the new project and so on. So we will be very, very busy from that perspective, this is an intense time, but it's an intense time with a very good outlook given the quality of the products that we have.
Rich Valera: I know you'd be willing to comment on share gains specifically but give the ICC II ramp that you're expecting, would you be willing to even qualitatively talk about your thoughts on share as you move out over the next couple of years, I mean your ability to at least maintain your share in digital with that ICC II ramp in front of you?
Aart de Geus: Well our objective is to clearly grow it. At the same time, we're enough to know that for many years I've said that EDA is the industry where all the children are always above average, and all the share gains are above average. And so yes, there are many claims always being made. At the end of the day it is what are the results over long period of time. The second thing is many of the contracts that we have of course are very complex and very large. And so these things change gradually, but there is no question that with the strong technology we have an excellent shot at moving forward step-by-step and so far it looks like that's working out fine.
Rich Valera: Great. And just one product question if I could on Verification Compiler, you alluded to some enhancements you're expecting to incorporate into that in this year. Any color you're willing to give us in advance of those actually being announced?
Aart de Geus: Sure, just to clarify, so Verification Compiler was actually a product we introduced last year.
Rich Valera: Right.
Aart de Geus: And it was the integration of all the software verification tools and the benefit of having that integration was immediately higher productivity for the customer. But also the possibility for designers to quickly move from one type of product needed to another in that context. Our longer-term and much broader ambition has been to establish a Verification Continuum that reaches much broader space, including the various forms of hardware verification tools and even something beyond that. And so that is been the focus at least for our R&D teams for the last year. There is the results that I've seen are truly outstanding and during the year we will gradually announce those as we're ready to make them available to customers.
Rich Valera: Great. And I'm sorry one more, because I just thought of that, you mentioned HAPS, I think had a strongest quarter in history I believe --
Aart de Geus: Yes.
Rich Valera: It's history since you've had it at least. What do you attribute that to? Is there something secular going on there or is it, what are your thoughts on the kind of prototyping market and how that looks going forward?
Aart de Geus: The answer is actually very simple. You remember you would certainly know 10 years ago, there was this term that was new system on a chip --
Rich Valera: Sure.
Aart de Geus: We're completely there. System on a chip means it's a hardware piece with a bulk load of software. And the challenge with that is of course that the software guys would like to start modeling and trying out their software before the chips are ready. And so be it individual chips or in some cases even broader systems off chips, those are being modeled on the HAPS boards, and the benefit of the HAPS boards is that they are amazingly fast in run time, and that is absolutely key if you want to drive some software where the speed is relevant in terms of testing it. And so that is the simple reason why we see that and I think that will continue.
Rich Valera: That's great. Thanks Aart, I appreciate it.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome, Rich.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys, wanted to start with the upfront revenue, when you guided for the quarter, had you contemplated this level of upfront revenue as part of the mix and what was the driver?
Trac Pham: Yes, Sterling, this is Trac. The revenue came in as expected in total as well as the various line items. Certainly the upfront revenues were strong and that was due to a strong hardware quarter primarily the HAPS side.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And how should we think about the mix of upfront? Because on a percentage basis this is the highest percent in recent memory, is it going to continue at this level or fluctuate?
Trac Pham: Yes, upfronts will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. I think upfronts will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. Our model for upfronts remains at 10% or less.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then turning to sales and marketing, you mentioned the shift in spending and hiring, can you give us a sense of how many heads you were anticipating hiring in the quarter that may have shifted to the second quarter?
Trac Pham: You can see that the headcount did decrease from Q4 to Q1. A large portion of that was due to the voluntary retirement program and the small layoff we had, but also the delayed hiring.
Sterling Auty: Okay. How would you characterize? Because one of the things is duration down to 2.4, sales and marketing down seasonally more than expected, and you're giving us some transparency. I want to make sure that we get a good handle. You're not going to give us the bookings number but these are the things that we kind of use to triangulate to whether it was a good bookings quarter or a challenging one and these items are kind of pointing to challenging in terms of the duration and expenses. Anything else you can give us in terms of transparency to the top two, how much of that were these items and versus the health of the bookings in the quarter?
Trac Pham: Well I would say that Q1 came in as we expected across our business segments, all of our business metrics. The run rate was up, the duration was light at 2.4 for the quarter, but we expected to trend back to three years for the full year, didn't see anything unusual in the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. So may be first Trac, when you look at the $0.18 upside in the quarter, it looks like back of the envelope calculations here that $0.10, $0.12 came from lower costs and $0.06, $0.08 from lower taxes, does that sound about right?
Trac Pham: I would say it's more about half of that was taxes about $0.08.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And so the increase in the full-year guidance is largely due to the tax?
Trac Pham: Yes, so when you look at, I'm sorry. When you look at Q1 there is really three things happening revenues came in as expected, the upside was really on lower tax rate; two, higher than expected other income; and then, three, the shifting of expenses. And as I said $0.08 of that is roughly the tax rate.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And what is your current view of the FX impact during the quarter and what you project might be a headwind or tailwind going forward?
Trac Pham: Yes, I mean that's a really good question considering the variability and FX this year. Let me just step back and say that we do have a hedging program in place to protect our financials both the P&L and the balance sheet from that volatility. From a P&L perspective, our goal is to protect the annual EPS from any FX movements. On the revenue line, our revenues are invoiced in dollars except for Japan, which last year was roughly 12%, we do hedge that revenue. On expenses, we got about a third in local currency and that's hedged as well. So what you see on a net-net basis is that FX had an immaterial impact on our bottom-line year-over-year.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then Aart, when you look at the IP market, how do you view the market when we move from the plainer world to maybe 40 nanometer FinFET and then ultimately 10 nanometer FinFET. Does the IP market itself increase dramatically from those steps?
Aart de Geus: For us it will. And the reason is that what that means is that building the IP is actually substantially more difficult. So much so that's a number of people that are introducing a new technology can only do that if simultaneously to a number of other things, a substantial amount of IP is ready to go, otherwise people can't design chips. And given that, for that we're now extremely well versed and literally the smallest sizes of FinFET technology, especially in our IP team, I think we're well positioned to become more and more of a backbone provider to the industry. It's also one of the reasons why we collaborate very closely with the foundries and other technology providers, because if we work with them ahead of time we can sort of see where the technology is going, what the problems are going to be, and invariably even when the technology is introduced it goes through quite a number of iterations and lot of refinements and improvements for yield and our team is all over that.
Tom Diffely: Okay, that's nice. And then finally when you look at the 50 plus engagements with IC Compiler II, at this point can you tell what impact of this new product that's 10 times faster has on the market size, is it shrinking the market because it's so much faster or is it actually potentially growing the market because it can do a lot more or enable a lot more?
Aart de Geus: The -- its always amazing, even at 10 times faster too it will not shrink the market for very simple reason which is, the first thing that customers do is, well I can do bigger things now, and I can do them sooner, and I can be more competitive. And so it's a little bit like introducing the next race car on the market immediately the races become even more intense and that is what IC Compiler does right now. Secondly, one should not underestimate how much chip complexity has grown in just the last four, five years. And you may recall that number of years ago I was very bullish on the impact of FinFET going forward at the time where it was not quite clear that the technology would make it. It is very clear that it's making it now and it's also very clear that the combination of lower power smaller devices will have impact on many chips. Initially it's all on the more complex chips; gradually it will become necessary even for the things that will end up in Internet of Things type product, so a lot of opportunity there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks, good evening. Aart, question for you first on IC Compiler II. To the extent that is sees good uptake, which you say you are in fact seeing, could there be as well a pull-through effect on other Synopsis tools whether or not they've been as architecturally overhauled as the implementation product has been, I'm thinking for instance, specifically of Design Compiler, PrimeTime, perhaps some others. So we've seen sometimes the areas of technology that one product does well it starts to pull other products in the company's portfolio along as well. So are you seeing something like that at all?
Aart de Geus: Well, we're in a fortunate situation that in many of the situations our customers do already have the products that you mentioned. And there is no doubts that after many years of work, we have architected our tools in such a fashion that if you use them in combination, you will get better results, than if you sort of use the smorgasbord of independent tool and so from that perspective alone that's been a positive. Secondly, there is question that some tools tend to be more anchor point product. And so when renewal of contracts happen, it tends to bring up the question well what else should negotiated at that time, can we grow the contract, or can we become a broader provider and the answer is more often than not, yes. So all in all this is a good position to be in, having said that, there is competition and we have to battle for every opportunity and that is what customer needs in order to get the best tools.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: On the call a quarter ago you announced of course the management change involving Trac and self, and Brian, could you remind us of the internal changes you've made to align yourselves towards the changes in the customer base, the systems companies, and how that mix is evolving for you new vertical markets you're addressing this is not a Coverity specific question per se, but clearly you've to do things differently or align things differently inside the company, so could you remind us what you've done organizationally to prepare for an evolving end market?
Aart de Geus: Well the end market that has gradually become bit more systems dominated is not a new phenomenon. I think about 40% of our revenue comes from systems companies, the rest come from chip companies. And so we've been there for a long time. Your question is interesting nonetheless because more and more we're seeing that the software content that plays into many of chips or the systems becomes actually the differentiator for our customers, and sometimes it's also the negative differentiator meaning when it doesn't work away when it's not ready. And so from that perspective, I think we will see a gradual increase on first the verification tools around the whole hardware software. And obviously the acquisition of Coverity was to then open up new horizon towards the software period and they are there still a lot of open space.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: And one more product question for you and then last financial question for Trac. Rich and Sterling asked earlier about the HAPS business, my question there is, is there an analogy here at all in terms of the evolution of the market as we saw with emulation. So as you know of course that market was around for a long time, but wasn't very large, didn't really do very much until just the last few years and now we've seen it grow to fairly sustainable size and on the whole it's had pretty good growth, not every vendor every year, necessarily. Is there any reason to believe that the much smaller prototyping business could now be seen perhaps some similar kind of inflection for similar reasons over the next number of years?
Aart de Geus: I think in general your thinking is correct. I find it's relatively difficult to predict what the speed of that will be. And the reason I'm saying that is the difference between HAPS boards and emulators is that the HAPS boards, now they do look a little bit like a science project, I mean you've to pluck in a lot of wires and there's lot of mechanism to actually get the software into the chips just the right way. And now of course the people that do this are hyper sophisticated doing it. And I think the utilization will increase. How quickly it will go a little hard to tell but there's no question that the problem that is addressing is absolutely growing.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. And then lastly for Trac, could you elaborate on why you would not have raised the cash flow guidance for the year on the higher GAAP net income outlook for the year. And more broadly when you look at over the next number of years and operating cash flow, free cash flow, besides net income and deferred revenue, what other principal levers do you foresee in terms of being able to meaningfully inflect or grow your working capital and overall cash flow?
Trac Pham: Okay. So I think I'll start with the first one, which is our cash flow guidance, Jay understood that. So we are confirming our cash flow guidance of $450 million. If I understand your question you raised revenue and EPS and why does cash flow stay the same?
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yes.
Trac Pham: Yes, so it's early in the year cash flow tends to be one of the more difficult parts of our business to predict. Keep in mind, last year, as you recall we end up overachieving on our guidance by $100 million just to highlight how variable that can be long-term though. We are definitely very comfortable with -- we're comfortable with our guidance of $450 million for the year and we're certainly comfortable with our long-term trend on cash flows. I think if you ask what's going to drive that over the long-term, it does track EBITDA less cash taxes over time. So we continue to drive top-line growth and drive operating margins to the mid-20s you will see our cash flows trend with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar from Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question. I actually joined a little late so I apologize if it has been asked. Kind of curious you started from the digital side now that cadence seems to be stepping up on the gas putting some customer investments. Can you just frame the situation in digital and what you're doing to contract it; I've got a follow-up after that?
Aart de Geus: Yes, we commented early about that. The digital area is very interesting for us because we have, as you know, introduced some very powerful products specifically IC Complier II. And so we're massively engaged with a large number of customers already in a) improving that the technology is as good as we said it would be, and so far, every piece of feedback has been absolutely in tune with what we predicted originally. And then helping them gradually design it in as they have many chips that are in-flight as we would say, and you -- when it is always very careful with introducing new products, and it takes some handholding. So that is what we're focusing on and we see that as an opportunity to grow our share and to really work with customers on a very close partnership basis for the coming years.
Krish Sankar: That's really helpful, Art. As a follow-up trying to figure out the status of the emulation product with Eve, and in the past you've said that one of the applications you'd been using your product was more of a software wrapping rather than a true emulation potential. Kind of curious when you look forward, do you feel that the product cycle lifetime for emulation needs to come down from the typical four to five year cadence or do you think your strategy right now you have is the right one still?
Aart de Geus: In our field anything that can bring down the product cycle is a good thing. It's always amazing to me that after literally 50 years in this year, of Moore's Law, this continues exponential increasing complexity is being met with new tools, new products, and this is in verification, it is in implementation and so on, and of course emulation or HAPS boards or some of the virtual prototyping are very central to this. The one new twist to all of this is that now on top of this well-understood Moore's Law, you get all this embedded software and that brings a degree of complexity that is going to be a very difficult to keep at high quality and to verify and to get ready. On the other hand, that's exactly the type of job that we love we've been chasing that type of increasing complexity for many, many years. So be it emulation, be it rapid prototyping, be it virtual prototyping, or other techniques, all of these always welcome yesterday, and our team is non-stop raising forward to improve them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Monika Garg from Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just first, where you -- you've now created your yearly guidance by as much as you did your Q1 EPS estimates and you just kind of walk us through that?
Trac Pham: Q1 was good quarter and we did increase our annual EPS guidance to a range of $2.75 million to $2.80 million. As I can remind you, the majority of the overachievement was due to expense timing and non-operational items that's the tax rate and higher other income. And we're trying to strike the right balance between the overachievement and investments in the business. Investments per our plan, we see a lot of opportunities in IP, software quality, and security, and even and in our new EDA solutions. So we want to make sure that we're balanced for it. And I think one thing also keep in mind as you look at the guidance that we just provided at the midpoint we'll continue to increase operating margins by about 100 basis points year-over-year.
Monika Garg: Okay. And then, Aart, you talked about semi industry grew like 10% last year, grew high-single-digit before that but the core EDA growth rate which you have talked about is still 3% or 4%. Do you think EDA growth at least starts to come closer to semi industry growth?
Aart de Geus: Well just to be clear semiconductor industry goes up and down rather violently. And if I look at my numbers, I would say that the average semiconductor growth rate is probably around 4.2% to 4.5% right now if you look at it from a multiyear perspective. So in that sense EDA actually is pretty close to the customers and not that all that different. Overall EDA over many years has out executed semiconductors, but when the semiconductors have a great year, they worry about the bad year, and when they have a bad year, they worry, and so it's an industry that is always raising forward.
Monika Garg: Okay. I have a question on Coverity, previously you talked about Coverity expected to be credit second half this year, that is still the target, and Coverity was going kind of 20% plus which you talked before, is that -- is it still the growth rate you're expecting and seeing for that business?
Aart de Geus: Yes. So we're still on target for a breakeven in the second half. And the other thing we said is that we would be over $100 million in 2016 and so far things look good.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay. So one quick question on your product revenues, you talked about system revenue as record, and do you report that under IP and system is that the reason that number is so high?
Trac Pham: You mean, why are we reporting IP and systems together.
Mahesh Sanganeria: No, no I'm just conforming that that is the case, that you prototyping revenue IP and systems?
Trac Pham: Yes, it is correct. We are reporting those together. The trailing 12-months growth was actually quite high. And but you may also remember from last year that IP goes up and down quite a bit. And we've said that the IP is double-digit growth on a multiyear basis. And the reason for that is that the nature of that business, the fact that they're often milestones attached to deliverables and we said last year that this would be a good year and so far it looks like it is.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay. So one question on the 20 nanometer and 16 nanometer from the foundries and from the semi companies we're hearing lot of change in the timing and pushing out, pushing in, are you seeing a different kind of behavior on migration to 20 nanometer and 16 nanometer, 14 nanometer considered that we have different set of players on the foundry and side and also on the product side, if you can compare it to the previous years, I mean design transitions that would be helpful?
Aart de Geus: Sure. Let me distinguish something which is let me take the whole grouping of 28 nanometer and higher, and then 20 nanometer as an individual node, and then the FinFET category somewhat actually have 22 nanometer, 16 nanometer, 14 nanometer, and 10 nanometer. The 20 nanometer node is really little bit of an off-duck and TSMC have been successful with that. But we have predicted already a longtime ago that it would probably be a node that would not see a lot of utilization; because once the vision to FinFET is established and that's the yields look good enough people will rapidly move there. That appears to be the case. At the same time for all the people that don't want to cross the bridge to FinFET 28 nanometer will be a node that will be utilized massively for a quite longtime. And so that sort of the way we look at it a little bit which is 28 nanometer is sort of the one side of the bridge with plainer transistors, 16 nanometer is really the other side of the bridge with FinFETs, and then from there you go on to smaller dimension.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay. And one more question related to that, but really further looking we know that the FinFET enabled the Moore's Law beyond 20 nanometer, and there is already a talk about FinFET probably be sufficient for may be a couple of generation and then it will another transistor structure change, a material change. Do you have the -- do you want that that we have to change the material structure very soon or this can take you few for few generations?
Aart de Geus: Well our sense is that so this can go for a few generations right now. At the same time we are fields where relentless and ingenuity is a necessity to overcome the intricacy of very, very small physic. So at some point of time the very nature of the transistor will change again. It's always fascinating to me to remember that not that many years ago, I'm taking six or seven years ago, many people said FinFET will never work, and here we are. And so by the way the term Moore's Law of course is by now more of a concept than an actual exact law because the economics with these type of chips are changing a bit, but there's no question that the opportunity of fabulous products as we move to smaller transistors is still very, very appealing.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay. That's very helpful, Art. Thank you very much.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: And at this time there are no further questions.
Aart de Geus: In that case, thank you very much for attending our first quarter's earnings release so we had good results, and we feel confident about the year, and we have a lot of work to do to finish the year. Thank you very much. Have a good rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 4 o'clock Pacific Time today through March 4. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing (1800) 475-6701, and entering the access code 352869. International participants dial (320) 365-3844. Those numbers once again are (1800) 475-6701, or (320) 365-3844, with the access code 352869. It does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-12-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Aart de Geus - Chairman and Co-CEO Brian Beattie - CFO
Analysts: Rich Valera - Needham & Company Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earning Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2014. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank:  Thank you, Sandy. Good afternoon, everyone. Leading today's discussion are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and today's earnings press release. The reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, the earnings press release, the financial supplement and the corporate overview presentation that we released today. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Q4 was a strong finish to a very solid year; a year that was significant from at least three perspectives. Specifically, we released several game-changing new EDA products that will drive a multi-year product upgrade cycle. We further broadened our IP offering, solidifying our position as the number 2 IP provider with a strong business outlook into FY15. And last, but not least, we embarked on a transformational journey into the software quality, test and security space with our acquisition, and integration, of Coverity. Let me briefly summarize the financial results for the quarter and year. We delivered Q4 revenue of $539 million and $2.057 billion for the fiscal year. We reported non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.64 in Q4 and $2.53 for the year. We generated $551 million in operating cash flow, bought back $120 million of our stock, and grew our three-year backlog to $3.5 billion. Building on our strong year-end position, we're setting a 2015 non-GAAP EPS objective of $2.67 to $2.72, a revenue target of $2.185 to 2.225 billion, and an operating cash flow target of approximately $450 million. Brian will discuss these in more detail shortly. As we head into 2015, it’s clear that global demand for electronics continues unabated. From the newest mobile phones and tablets; to a cloud infrastructure that requires unprecedented amounts of data storage, transportation and analysis; to a whole new wave of innovative electronic content in Internet of Things applications - technology is king! In 2014, we have seen hard-driving adoption of the most advanced FinFET technologies, with already more than 170 active designs and tape-outs as far down as 10 nanometer. Meanwhile, designs at the more established 20, 28, and 40/45 nanometer nodes are also increasing in complexity as designers drive performance while squeezing out power and cost. In other words, the technical essence of Moore's law is alive and well, and the term system on a chip coined in the late 90s is in full swing. This product wave is also increasingly complex. Billions of transistors in massive numbers of interconnected chips, all with enormous amounts of embedded and applications software is, simply stated, very hard to do. Synopsys is at the vortex of this process. While 2014 semiconductor industry growth looks stronger compared to last year, the market remains extremely competitive, driving a number of customers to seek efficiency and differentiation through consolidation and restructuring. For the EDA industry, this brings some headwinds, but also great opportunities. In this context, Synopsys is the only vendor offering state-of-the-art solutions from Core EDA, to IP, to software quality tools, positioning us well to be the partner of choice. Given these dynamics, let me state our priorities for the next several years. While we continue to build on our strengths in EDA, we plan to accelerate our expansion into a more diversified set of customers and solutions. We’re driving three priorities: Priority number 1: Maintain our clear technical, business and support leadership in core EDA. Our strategy for mostly organic growth is the following: First and foremost, invest in technology focused on continued leadership in FinFET solutions at 16 nanometer and below, as well as highest productivity for advanced design at the established process nodes. Second, drive customer success on a global basis. Today our support teams are integral to the completion of virtually all state-of-the-art chips. Synopsys will continue to provide highly skilled and trusted EDA experts at our customers' global locations. And third, deploy and proliferate the new game-changing design and verification products we introduced in 2014, and additional products to be announced in 2015. Priority number 2: Drive continued growth in IP and Systems, leveraging the confluence of increased outsourcing of IP, growing technical complexity, and the essential customer need for trust and reliance on its partner suppliers. In this area, our strategy for organic and potential M&A growth is the following. First, invest in and proliferate new titles across the portfolio, both in the most advanced silicon technologies and in more established geometries targeting the Internet of Things. With an offering that features interfaces, memories, embedded processors and analog IP, Synopsys is a cornerstone partner in the deployment of any new silicon technology generation. Second, provide increasingly complex, pre- configured IP subsystems to help ease integration into our customers' SoCs. And third, provide software-and hardware-based prototyping solutions to enable earlier software development and system validation with today's software-intense devices. Which brings me to our third strategic priority: Expand our presence in the software-quality, test and security space by building on the excellent technology from Coverity. Our strategy for organic and potential M&A growth is to leverage the just-completed Synopsys field integration, while focusing on fast and agile execution. We expect to grow in: A, the directly adjacent embedded software market, where we already know the electronic and semiconductor companies well, and can leverage Synopsys' global relationships built over many years. And, B, the large untapped software-applications market that reaches from financial to health, energy, retail, social media to virtually any company doing sophisticated software and having quality, security and testing issues. From a shareholder value perspective, these priorities drive a diversified and coherent product portfolio in both mature and growing markets, balancing both growth and profitability for Synopsys. Specifically, core EDA is very stable, with solid profitability and cash flow; IP delivers higher growth with increasingly good profitability; and the software quality tools are in a brand new TAM with an even better growth opportunity, with expected profitability in 2016. Let me provide some highlights for each of these, beginning with core EDA. In core EDA, the demand for the most leading-edge technology is unrelenting. I mentioned earlier the latest breakthrough process FinFETs. Of all the designs and tape-outs we’re tracking, Synopsys is integral to over 95% of them. Being the leader makes a difference: customers can rest easy, knowing that they're relying on the most technically advanced tools, and support teams, in the world. Earlier this year, we launched a breakthrough in implementation: IC Compiler II. We indicated at that time that ICC II is a game-changer delivering a 5X speed-up and 10X throughput improvement. Now, six months later, we have even more hard evidence from many customers with excellent results. With a rapidly growing number of engagements, designs, tape-outs and now working silicon, we see our multi-year adoption and deployment progressing even faster than with any previous products. The benefits are equally compelling for both very advanced and established nodes. One such example is Panasonic, who achieved such excellent results with a high-performance multimedia design at 40 nanometer, that they’re expanding use into other 40 and 28 nanometer designs. Moving to verification, where approximately 80% of advanced designs use Synopsys as their primary simulator, customers have responded extremely well to our Verification Continuum vision and first deliveries. Just as the name implies, the Verification Continuum platform spans all the key components, from our franchise VCS functional verification, to static and formal analysis, to verification IP, to emulation and prototyping, all aligned on a common infrastructure, with best-in-class, common debugging. With a 3X near-term and 10X long-term productivity improvement, our vision, plans and deliverables are already having impact on customers. The first deliverable, Verification Compiler, launched in Q2 with brand-new static and formal verification, the integration of software-based simulation and debug tools, and key verification IP, all in a single product. It is currently delivering 3X productivity improvement. Also launched this year was the next-generation ZeBu Server-3 emulator, which is the fastest, highest-capacity emulator on the market today. Stay tuned as we roll out additional components over the next year, starting in Q1. Around our tools, Synopsys continues to support, and benefit from, strong ecosystem partnerships, as evidenced by several announcements in the quarter. We expanded our long-standing collaboration with ARM to benefit our mutual customers with optimized tools throughout the flow for designing with ARM IP. This very broad, multi-year agreement gives us early access to the latest ARM processors. On the foundry side, we achieved broad certification for TSMC’s 16 nanometer FinFET-plus process, for both digital and custom implementation tools. And both companies entered into a 10 nanometer FinFET collaboration. In addition, TSMC selected Synopsys as Partner of the Year in two categories: Joint development of 16 nanometer FinFET-plus design infrastructure, and for the fifth consecutive year, Partner of the Year for interface IP. Which brings me to highlights for our IP products, where demand is strong. Let me give you some examples: In Q4, we closed a multi-year agreement for 16, 14 and 10 nanometer IP outsourcing with AMD, and hired 150 of their engineers to augment our team. The advances in the most leading-edge technologies are progressing well, with the first 10 nanometer IP business wins with two industry leaders. Our interface IP is evolving continuously. Our USB 3.0, for example, has been shipped in more than 100 million production SoCs, while in Q4 we already launched our USB 3.1 controller with double the data rate. Finally, our IP is already used extensively in Internet of Things applications. During the quarter we announced a new Sensor and Control subsystem, and also an enhanced memory offering for embedded flash used for IoT and Automotive. Lastly, let me update you on Coverity. As a brief reminder, Coverity provides essential testing software used during code development. This software finds, and fixes, critical defects and security issues. Coverity is an ideal TAM expansion for us: About half the business addresses software embedded in chips and electronic systems from customers we know well; and half is aimed at a new, very broad set of application software customers. We’ve spent the last two quarters learning about Coverity’s products, customers, and market dynamics. The quality of the technology and employees is outstanding, and Coverity’s results under Synopsys were in line with the initial expectations we communicated back in the spring. We expect to reach break-even in the second half of fiscal 2015, while being accretive in 2016 with revenue over $100 million. From an overall financial perspective, our primary long-term objective is to drive high-single-digit, non- GAAP earnings-per-share growth through a mix of the following elements: One, organically grow traditional EDA revenue generally in the low-to-mid single digit range. Two, organically grow IP and Software Solutions revenue generally in the low double-digits. Three, actively explore TAM-expanding R&D and M&A opportunities. Four, focus on global operational efficiency to deliver solid non-GAAP operating margin in the mid-20s range; And five, optimize the use of our strong cash flow, through a balance of M&A, debt reduction, and stock buybacks. While the combination of elements may vary, based on business cycles and in-period priorities, our long-term driving principles remain consistent. Before I conclude, let me also highlight today's organizational announcement. As we scale the company into its next phase, I am pleased that Brian has been promoted to Executive Vice President, Business Operations and Chief Administrative Officer, and while continuing to lead finance, operations and IT, he will also head up human resources, facilities, business development, and strategy. Trac Pham, who has worked closely with Brian for many years as a key member of the finance team, will step into the CFO role. Many of you will meet and get to know Trac over the coming months. Brian will remain available in investor relationships as well. Congratulations to both Brian and Trac in their new roles. To conclude, Synopsys is in a high-potential position. Propelled by yet another decade of technology advancements, the electronics industry is gunning for the next wave of far reaching products. Synopsys is a cornerstone company enabling this new wave of innovation. In 2014, we built a very strong financial foundation, and we enter 2015 with a good deal of momentum. Our newly launched game-changing products are expected to drive a multi-year upgrade cycle, IP demand is strong, and our expansion into a new higher-growth software quality and security space enters its next, exciting phase. Let me now turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian Beattie: Thank you, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. In my comments today I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and fiscal year and provide you with our targets for Q1 and the full year of 2015. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over year unless I specify otherwise. Synopsys delivered very good fourth quarter and full year results, highlighted by strong business levels, solid growth in both revenue and earnings, and considerable free cash flow generation. We significantly exceeded our original 2014 target for operating cash flow, entered an exciting new market segment with our Coverity acquisition, and continued our stock repurchase program. Q4 total revenue increased 7% to $539 million and annual revenue grew 5% to $2.057 billion. Revenue contribution from Coverity was modest and met our prior expectations. About 90% of Q4 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog and we had one approximately 10% customer for both Q4 and FY14. The weighted average duration of our renewable customer license commitments was about 2.8 years for the quarter and about 2.9 years for all of fiscal 2014. We currently expect weighted average duration for FY15 to continue to be approximately three years. Three-year backlog increased to $3.5 billion from $3.1 billion due primarily to the timing of large contract renewals, business growth and to a lesser extent, acquisitions. Looking ahead, we have approximately 80% of our target fiscal 2015 revenue in hand for the coming year. Turning to expenses, Q4 total GAAP costs and expenses were $482 million, which included $33 million of amortization of intangible assets and $21 million of stock-based compensation. For the year, total GAAP costs and expenses were $1.81 billion, which included $126 million of amortization of intangible assets and $79 million of stock-based compensation. Q4 total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $423 million. For the full year, total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $1.58 billion, well within our expected range. Non-GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 21.6% and 23% for the full year, which reflects the approximately one percentage point impact from our Coverity acquisition and the standard purchase accounting haircut that is applied to deferred revenue. For all of FY15, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to increase over FY14 levels by approximately 100 basis points. We continue to drive company-wide operational discipline, as well as implementing targeted cost savings initiatives, including a voluntary retirement program and some additional severance in the current quarter. As a result, in Q1 we expect to incur a one-time, GAAP-only restructuring charge between $15 and $19 million. Our strategy is to reduce expenses in certain areas so that we're able to allocate resources to our higher-growth areas such as IP and our new software quality and security arena. Turning now to earnings, GAAP earnings per share were $0.39 for the quarter and $1.64 for the year. Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share increased 14% to $0.64. Full year non-GAAP earnings grew 4% to $2.53 and again includes the dilution from Coverity, which came in within our target range. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 14% in Q4 and 18% for the full year, both below our targets, due primarily to a cumulative favorable transfer pricing adjustment for 2014. For modeling purposes, we think that a more normalized non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 22% is a reasonable estimate for fiscal 2015. Now turning to our cash flow. We generated $173 million in cash from operations in Q4 and $551 million for all of fiscal 2014. FY14 operating cash flow exceeded our original expectations, due primarily to strong business levels and collections throughout the year. During FY14, we borrowed and paid back both our outstanding $200 million revolver, initially drawn to acquire Coverity, and $30 million of our term loan, leaving $75 million of debt outstanding on the term loan. During fiscal 2014 we purchased about 3.1 million shares of Synopsys stock for $120 million that included 1 million shares for $40 million in Q4. We have $380 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. Our goal is to accelerate our buybacks in FY15 to keep our share count roughly flat with FY14 levels. We also closed a number of acquisitions during the fiscal year, putting our balance sheet to work. We ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $986 million with 16%, or $162 million, onshore and 84% offshore. We plan to continue optimizing the use of our very strong cash flow through a balance of M&A, stock buybacks and debt reduction. Each quarter we will evaluate the best uses of cash, but our ongoing goal is to allocate capital to where we think it can generate maximum long-term shareholder value. At this time we're targeting operating cash flow of approximately $450 million in FY15, which reflects about $35 million in one-time disbursements due to our voluntary retirement program and additional severance, and one-time benefits changes. We're also expecting cash taxes to be somewhat higher in 2015. And finally, we expect our operating cash flow quarterly profile to be similar to prior years, with a net operating cash outflow during the first quarter of fiscal 2015, due primarily to the timing of prior year annual incentive compensation payments. Capital expenditures were $45 million for the quarter and $103 million for the year, reflecting the increased facilities related expenditures, including the ongoing two-year build out of our newly leased Bay Area facility, along with facilities and other expenditures due to past acquisitions. DSO was 55 days, reflecting strong business levels and the timing of invoices, and we ended Q4 with approximately 9,440 employees, with over one third in lower-cost geographies. The year-over-year increase was driven primarily by planned hiring and Coverity, along with the IP engineers we hired from AMD as part of our recently expanded IP partnership. Before moving onto guidance, let me provide some additional commentary on Coverity. As you recall, at closing, Coverity had about $69 million of deferred revenue, of which $47 million will not be recognized due to standard purchase accounting. As a result, FY14 revenue contribution would have been approximately $24 million higher without the deferred revenue haircut, and FY15 would be approximately $15 million higher. While we are not breaking out Coverity product sales, we believe we are on track to grow revenue in this space to more than $100 million in fiscal 2016. So now let's address our first quarter and fiscal 2015 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For the first quarter of FY15, our targets are: revenue between $535 and $545 million, total GAAP costs and expenses between $482 and $505 million, which includes approximately $21 million of stock-based compensation expense and the one-time restructuring charge. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $415 and $425 million. Other income and expense between $0 and $2 million. A non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 22%, outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million. GAAP earnings of $0.18 to $0.25 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.61 to $0.63 per share. Now our Fiscal 2015 outlook, revenue between $2.185 and $2.225 billion, a growth rate of approximately 6% to 8%. Other income and expense between $2 and $6 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 22%; outstanding shares between 155 and 159 million. GAAP earnings per share of $1.22 to $1.35, which includes the impact of approximately $88 million in stock-based compensation expense. Non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.67 to $2.72, which reflects Coverity being on track to reach break-even in the second half of 2015. Capital expenditures of approximately $110 million, and we are targeting cash flow from operations of approximately $450 million. And then finally, to assist in your modeling, second half revenue and non-GAAP EPS are expected to be slightly higher than the first half. At this point, we expect total non-GAAP expenses to be skewed slightly toward the first half of the year. In summary, we're pleased with our very good fourth quarter and full year financial results, was highlighted by solid top-and bottom-line growth and strong cash flow generation. So with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rich Valera: Thank you. First congratulations Brian, on the promotion. 
Brian Beattie:  Thank you very much Rich.
Rich Valera: So Aart, just first wanted to take your pulse on the environment. It sounds from your prepared remarks that it is quite similar to last quarter but just wanted to hear in your words sort of how you would view the environment if there was any change quarter-over-quarter? 
Aart de Geus: You characterize it right, which is its similar to last quarter. I think if you look at the year, semiconductor is looking a little stronger than last year but the reality is, it's an on and off and the rate of change is very high in the field that we're in, which is a good thing because that means that the technology adoption is raising forward. And we definitely see a number of companies looking at, at the coming years as opportunities for strong new product. So, one hand same old, same old. On the other hand, same old has always meant very rapid progress.
Rich Valera:  That's great. And then with respect to ICC II it sounds like your – you're kind of on track with where we wanted to be. I'm assuming on track for GA end of this calendar year, is that still correct?
Aart de Geus:  Well we have brought release at the time. We are very careful of how to roll it out so that we can support to people that are adopting it very effectively which means that we're controlling quarter-by-quarter how many people we pick up. But definitely the customer interest is not an issue, its well on schedule. And what has been particularly rewarding is that the, there are really hard evidence on all the results is absolutely at least as good as what we have said it would be and so that is very encouraging.
Rich Valera: And I know you don’t like to talk too much about share because its little tricky how it's measured and seems like everyone sort of gains share. But, when you look at the digital space where your - certainly the digital design space where you have quite high share. Do you think ICC II could enable you - to reflect the gain share or willing to make that go at this point. 
Aart de Geus:  Your comment is right. Everybody always claims that they’re gaining share. The reality is things shift very gradually in the field that we're in and for starters, what of course ICC II does, it solidifies strongly on the places that we’re in. But, given the substantial advantages in terms of productivity, this really gives us the opportunity to gain over time. And given that, many of the agreements that we have are multi-years, that is how this will roll out. The adoption is very, very rapid. 
Rich Valera: Great. And just one final one, you had a very nice increase in backlog year-over-year despite a drop in duration. Wondering if you can give any more color on what drove that particularly if you’d be willing to say how much Coverity contributed to that?
Aart de Geus: Well, for starters, yes, it was a very - a very good increase and actually the most relevant in all of that is actually a different number, which is the very fact that we’re entering the coming year with a very strong coverage, 80% or so. And, but you're right, that's the - Q4 grew the backlog substantially. I hadn't even noticed that’s the duration has slightly changed because it's - from my perspective it’s sort of all in the same ballpark. We don’t really see much change there. So I think, we just had a very strong business result in Q4 that will manifest itself over the coming years. I guess that's called momentum
Rich Valera: That's great.
Brian Beattie: Rich, I think - just adding to that, it’s just again reflective of a strong year with good level of business coming in, a very strong fourth quarter. And we just saw good renewals, good momentum on that and then it set us up nicely for 2015. Some of the acquisition work we did had a smaller impact but was also a contributor to that growth about $400 million on the three year backlog space.
Rich Valera: Brian, just quickly on the CapEx guidance. There still seems pretty elevated by historical standards is that still in relation to the new facility build out?
Brian Beattie: It is, Rich. If we you can think back at the beginning of 2014, we thought our CapEx profile would be about $135 million, and it came in just over $100 million. So again, as we try to optimize the actual cash disbursements to as late as we can allowed us to come in just over the $100 million mark. And then looking ahead to next year some of that related to our new leased facility, we’ll just extend into 2015. So, the rest is normal. It’s really only related to IT, related to giving us state-of-the-art capability and computing and networking, and then still some of the build that related to finishing off our new facility and also relative to some of the new acquisitions that we've completed so the rest of it is all related to facility side. I had forecast ahead that 16 of that number would come down at this point because our major leased new facility in Silicon Valley will be completed by then.
Rich Valera: How much it might come down the several 100 - not willing to go there at this point?
Brian Beattie: Yeah, I think, just for that facility, it's going to come down on $10s of millions just on that facility itself but what we’re calling our 690 middlefield set up. 
Rich Valera: Great. Thanks very much, gentlemen.
Brian Beattie: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Krish Sankar with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I had two of them, number one, Aart, where do you think you have the share in emulation is today? And given the fact that, in the past you’ve spoken about more of the softer wrapping being used by – using emulators. Have you seen any traction to the platform and where do you think it is today versus a year ago?
Aart de Geus: Yeah, we don't disclose the individual share of product. But, you're correct, to say that a lot of emphasis is going into the software dimension. In general terms with a number of three in the emulation market, but in the overall prototyping space I think we are in a strong leadership position, and we see that in some of the other product. And while we open the door of the software, of course verification is heading there but so is the Coverity move. And you can sort of see that as a natural adjacency to that whole space of verification.
Krish Sankar: That's very helpful. And for FinFET side, how would you characterize the progress? It seems like you guys have been qualified at pretty much all the major FinFET manufacturers. How would you characterize its progress compared to like maybe six or nine months ago given that they had some starting issues. Do you think most of those are behind us and the yield improvements are getting. Or do you still think there is a long road ahead.
Aart de Geus: Yes, and yes, meaning that, I think the progress has been excellent. I think that in general people will say, well you know there have been quite a number of challenges to overcoming yield, which actually is not a surprise at all, this is very sophisticated technology. But the adoption rate and the number of new designs I think is well on track to rival the previous major generations. And so, Synopsys specifically, we are very much on top of this because we’re engaged very early to the tea CAD, the three dimensional modeling as the transitters are literally being invented. And then all the - in between steps of being ready with the tools, we’re there, designs are being done and the majority actually is our tools. And then of course, the IP position is very important as well because for all the advanced chips, you can't design a chip today unless you use major IP box, and those have to be highly tuned for the advance technologies. And Synopsys is absolutely leader in that area as well. So, I would characterize it as moving forward well. I think it will be a number of companies or customers that will hold on at 28 nanometer until they see the other side of the bridge so to speak, that FinFET’s are really stable and then they will move as well but all the advanced guys are already there.
Krish Sankar: Thanks. That's very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And the next question is from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Sterling Auty: Thanks. Hi guys. Wanted to start with – how would you characterize employment growth or headcount growth in design engineers and its impact on your growth that you saw in 2014? And what do you think that looks like for 2015? 
Aart de Geus:  That's very difficult to characterize because there’s not much in terms of hard numbers there, but I would say, that in general it feels very stable to me with the exception of the Far East where the headcount is still substantially growing. And one can also see that a little bit watching how customers battle for key employees and how some of the salaries are moving up. So, fundamentally I think it's a positive message, there is some geographies as you would expect, such as Japan and Europe, that are lagging, I think the U.S. is in very stable, maybe even strong position and the Far East is going.
Sterling Auty: And how would you characterize - we did a number of questions about the moves that China is making to become a bigger and bigger player in the semiconductor industry. How that might help your business in the coming year or more?
Aart de Geus: Well, for us that is not a surprise at all because we have been very active since literally the middle 90s and strange to say, but that's almost 20 years ago now. And in the process, we’ve seen a tremendous evolution in terms of the gradual competence to now superb competence in semiconductor design and system design. And in the last few years one can literally see how the adoption of the most advanced silicon technologies has progressed more rapidly in China than other places. It is all not a surprise, this is obviously a country that is rapidly becoming one of these very large economies, and modern economies are big users and developers of advanced technology. Electronics is absolutely at the vortex of all of that.
Sterling Auty: And then Brian, just two quick ones for you. Talking about the 80% of this year’s guidance revenue already on the balance sheet, if I do that calculation and say okay what percentage, what does that mean in terms of percentage of the backlog that it actually would come through the income statement this year? It’s actually a smaller percentage than what we saw last year. Is there any mechanics to that or is this too nuanced?
Brian Beattie: No. I would highlight if we want to compare it to this time a year ago, we indicated we had more than 75% of the year's revenues in hand for 2014. And this year we're back to 80% level of the coverage, and again, we base guidance based on what we have in hand and how we can actually convert that through. So, it's a more traditional profile than what we had just in 2014. And again the high levels of confidence obviously in delivering that much. And so you can look at $3.5 billion backlog, you know that relative to our revenue guidance that we just provided, we have 80% of that in hand, that's the amount that comes out of that year-end $3.5 billion backlog.
Sterling Auty: And last question on the cash flow so, the [75] [ph] million of one time, you mentioned the higher cash taxes but if we would believe that bookings would hopefully knock on wood grow why wouldn't cash flow at least be flat year-over-year? What's the other elements or moving parts that perhaps could cause us to a down year in cash flow?
Brian Beattie: Yeah, again, we look - the number one thing we look at very specific collection profiles by customers just as you mentioned we have 80% of the year, we also have a significant amount of collections scheduled with a very high probabilities of collecting that. The additional amount comes from new bookings which again we tie in very closely with our sales team on the projected profile of that, and then of course disbursements are something we control. So, every year we look at specific forecast based on that and that produces our approximately $450 million, and in the long run our operating cash flow really tracks extremely close to our EBITDA line. And when you look at where we ended up in 2014, was significantly over what we had forecast again our trading line with that EBITDA and the fact we did nicely and overachieved on the timing of those renewals and good cash management and good disbursed management.
Sterling Auty: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Tom Diffely: So Brian, there was just about a time if we – but congratulations on the promotion. 
Brian Beattie: Well, thanks Tom, I’m really looking forward to it.
Tom Diffely: So, maybe I'll take this chance to ask you few question and any impact you’ve seen from the Euro, Yen in the current quarter and what you think maybe an impact in that year?
Brian Beattie: Yeah, again when we factor all of this into our guidance range, and we did see an impact - slight impact in terms of revenue in 2014, but again based on our really solid hedging program and the fact we do of course have expenses in Japan too, it had really a non-material impact on the total year. As I look ahead to 2015, I see about 1% headwind on the Yen, just checking this morning, we’re almost at 1.20 and it continues to weaken of course in Japan with a lot of forecast going forward. We’re very fortunate that we’ve hedged about 60% of our revenues at a rate of about 102 for next year, and so we feel again comfortable we’ve got it but you’re only able to really hedge about 60% of revenue. So, all-in-all it's our typical management program, that’s how we manage and it give us really, really good predictability. And if you did look at our Japanese performance on the year-over-year basis, all of that dealt is just due to the Yen itself. So, I think again the company is performing nicely in Japan but unfortunately we do all we can to offset that impact of the Yen and we're well setup for 2015, on that.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And just as a reminder, do you hedge four quarters out in both Euro and Yen?
Brian Beattie: Yeah, we do on - remember, just our only currency we hedge for revenues is the Yen, everything else is U.S. dollar based and with our spending profile in Europe with declining Euro, we also hedge basically everything a year in advance, one quarter at a time, it’s a revolving hedging program that we constantly have in place. It's not that we can predict better but we can give better visibility and know what the actual result we’re going to get solidly locked in for a year in advance.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Great. And then when I look at the GAAP projections – the guidance for that year, the first quarter has impacted while the restructuring but it looks like the lesser year is lower as well, so I'm curious what the difference is there? Is there a tax rate or more expenses you expect?
Brian Beattie: Yeah, the GAAP tax - the GAAP earnings per share forecast for 2015 is lower, all really related to taxation, and when we look at how we optimize for our global transfer pricing, we look at a number of acquisitions that we put in place so we make sure that our IP is allocated to those right locations. So, GAAP basis, we will see some higher taxes related to those acquisitions. On a non-GAAP basis we’re forecasting a rate of about 22% for the full year which is right back to kind of the normal standards for us.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Can you build on the GAAP tax rate at this point – single numbers that too variable for the year?
Brian Beattie: Yeah, it's up from our management rates, but I don’t have that in front of me.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then Aart, when you look at the emulation business, the Zebu, does the new Zebu came out this, does that reflect kind of the synergies you would expect to get from working with the Synoposis team or is that just kind of the last generation of the prior development team?
Aart de Geus: Well, yes and no. It does reflected because obviously this has been an enormous amount of work to get this machine to this state and get it ready for release, and that is under Synopsys, leadership of course. The no part is that we have another much larger project which is the integration and the verification continuum. Given that, this is an extremely fast machine but it's compilation times, not as competitive as we want them to be. And so part of the integration we are working on improving that substantially. And in FY2015, you will definitely hear about progress.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then finally in your prepared remarks you talked about IP subsystems. Are those shipping to date as more of the future projects we take individual components and bundle them together?
Aart de Geus: We're shipping today, and the notion of subsystem is interesting because we have them in audio and in the sensor part. Subsystems are not just couple of building blocks but there also many, many rules that you have to follow in order to connect these building blocks correctly, the embedded software, some of the verification capabilities. And so what we’re aiming at here is to really optimize the entire process of integrating these blocks into much larger SOC systems on the chip. And I think the desire from customers is quite high to get help from us in that. As much as I am the lover of calling all these building blocks, Lego blocks because it conveys exactly how you can assemble things. The reality is little bit more complex than Lego blocks to connect and so the more we can automate that better.
Tom Diffely: Do you think the innovative things type chips going forward are going to be the biggest user of this subsystems? 
Aart de Geus: Not necessarily. I think the very large chips that are being built today are all available on the premise of substantial amount of IP reuse and the IP can come from - can be at many different level, very low levels such as gates and memories but highly sophisticated level such as entire memory subsystems for example. And I think in the situation of Internet-of-Things, yes there will be certain subsystems that will be of particularly high interest. This is still a very early field in terms of scoping what will be all the possibilities, what is in no doubt though is that it will be a massive number of things that are interconnected. And those things will gradually need more and more smarts and our objective is to be part of providing those embedded mark.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks. Good afternoon. Brian let me start with you, let me forward you change business cards. Let me ask a couple of financial questions. First in terms of margin expansion outlook for fiscal 2015, could you talk about the contribution of any additional margin scaling in the IP business or from the IP business? Secondly in terms of cash flow for the year, you had a more than $100 million negative swing in accounts receivable. On the other hand you had $100 million positive swing for differed revenue. So it looks like the bulk of both of those changes took place in Q4 and therefore commence with it unusual large increase in bookings and backlog last quarter? 
Brian Beattie: Okay, Jay. Let me answer those two questions. First on the IP margin impact. So you stated that right. We’re targeting at about 100 basis point improvement in operating margin in 2015 over 2014. And really, IP is – again still on track for what we’ve indicated as those multi-year goals, low double digit growth and those are the type of things we’re building on and that of course will contribute to margin dollars of income and some margin improvements coming from that side as well. So, a lot of success with IP and lot of momentum going into 2015. Over on the cash flow number itself, yes it did come in. We hit the record level of operating cash flow for 2014, and a lot of it is timing on a very strong fourth quarter. Right, we had already well over throughout 2014 we got the fourth quarter and did really well with the timing of the renewals coming in, with some good run rates on them and so seeing it up really nicely for cash collections. And then when you start looking at details like receivables are up, that’s about the strong level of business that came in, when you look at payables and other accrued liabilities that’s taking into account a number of expenses that are already booked and have purchased some of the variable compensation. So again, we’ve given some good details relative to that cash flow guidance. And things like deferred revenue, as you know for us that’s just timing and not a great metric for indicating ongoing performance that moves from quarter-to-quarter just based on timing of when we can invoice customers. So lot of information there, does that answer your questions?
Jay Vleeschhouwer:  Yeah. Thank you. Actually one more for you. With respect to your largest customer you’ve almost always described it as being over 10% of revenue to one degree or another. You didn’t say that explicitly this time, so perhaps just to fine tune that you didn’t quite get over 10% from your largest customer in the most recent quarter? 
Aart de Geus:  We did.
Brian Beattie:  We’re just over the 10% mark.
Unidentified Analyst: 
, : 
Aart de Geus:  Well, really to answer this question, well one should go back already multiple years because it is multiple years ago that the system companies or at least some of them decided to invest more in their own semiconductor based design for a couple of reasons. One, because they really wanted to drive performance and power down more than what their suppliers are offering them. And two, because they wanted to be much more on top of optimizing the overall system and negotiating directly with the manufacturers given the high quantities they were after. And so for us we have now for quite a while over 40% of our business from so called system companies. And just to clarify, there are system companies that do system design, there are system companies that do system design and semiconductor design, and there are some companies that do those two and manufacturing. And so sometimes the terminology is little bit confused but at the end of the day the most important customers are the ones that do the most sophisticated and the largest volume business and that has not changed for us in a number of years but it has evolved over the last decade.
Unidentified Analyst: And then maybe just to wrap up with you Aart, think about the contribution of IC Compiler 2 for fiscal 2015 with somewhat following up on Rich’s earlier question, what has been the reception so far to the note based pricing that you’ve introduced with IC Compiler? And to what extent do you expect incremental payment or revenue from the more advanced capabilities as compared with merely propagating it via maintenance but not necessarily for more money? 
Aart de Geus:  Well, I think you heard Brian say earlier that certainly in Q4 we had a number of renewals with good growth and as a matter of fact the run rate for the company is up. Again, and that is how successful products mostly manifest themselves because for all the large customers they have of course many products and when there is a product that’s particularly attractive such as IC Compiler 2, they want to quickly have the opportunity to add that to their contract to upgrade and invariably that’s an opportunity to reup the contract for the next three years and the run rates go up. So, so far only positive impact and I expect that to continue because the adoption rate is as said very high and for the people that have now not only taped out but gotten silicon back, they have been remarkably positive on the impact it had on their time to market. And so at the limit that’s converting technology advances into true value for the customer.
Operator:  Thank you. Sir, we are at the five minutes marked. Our next question is from Mahesh Sanganeria. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst:  Hi, this is Shawn [ph] for Mahesh, thanks for taking my questions. Aart, I think in your prepared remark you had said about 80% [indiscernible] verification tools. I am just wondering can you comment on your market position in each component within verification, say, software, hardware, and verification IP? 
Aart de Geus: I’m sorry, I didn’t quite understand the second phrase of your question. In what type of components?
Unidentified Analyst: I mean in the software part, hardware part, as well as verification IP.
Aart de Geus: In the verification area. Well, the verification area is one under very rapid evolution because the stall word tool, is simulation, has been simulation, and will remain simulation for a long period of time. And the reason for that is because if you don’t verify the fundamental larger behavior of chips, all the other sort of Moot point. At the same time there's no question that if one can accelerate simulation, the emulation techniques or FPGaxe techniques that is highly desirable, and that is especially desirable as the software content increases because not a surprise more and more companies are discovering that the software is actually less reliable as a design process than the hardware which has been incredibly automated. And so from our perspective this is all good news because we have invested in a continuum that moves from the hardware stimulation to the software verification and as you know on top of that we are now also investing in the whole process of how to develop code in the first place that is higher quality and also more imperious to security issues. So in many way this is sort of a Morphing of our own value proposition from absolutely a set of state-of-the-art advanced tools to now the next generation platform and I think much of the positive revenues we get from customers is on the basis of that change and its absolutely driven by the people that are at the most advance edges of technology.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. And as a follow up, I remember last quarter you said that for verification compiling [indiscernible] pipeline is higher than expected. I am just wondering, can you provide an update in that area, how does the pipeline looks like now versus three month ago?
Aart de Geus:  Yes. Let me first remind people what verification compiler is, it is a product that contains many of the what we now call sub-products but it has for example the software simulator and the debugger and the IP and some of the more advanced static checkers. And so that product itself has actually seen good momentum and we have seen a number of sales on that basis already. To be honest, I don’t know where the pipeline is right now. My focus has been very much on the overall continuum that sees a lot of momentum but verification compiler is very good solution for people that use all of these tools together.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks, Aart.
Operator:  And the next question is from Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Monika Garg: Looking at fiscal 2014, total revenue growth organically, my estimation was just about 3.6%, right. But the IP is expected to grow low double digit and your core EDA low to mid single digit. So maybe you could help us understand why the growth was low last year? 
Aart de Geus:  Well mostly it is due to lower growth rate in IP because a lot of its business was either pushed out or had deliverables that sell into 2015. And you may recall that during the year we commented on that saying that our own assessment was that the IP business was growing at low double digits on a multi year basis and all the evidence based on what we know today about FY15 supports that to far. So definitely in 2015 you will see a much higher components due to the IP growth.
Monika Garg: The indication in Coverity, your last investor webcast you talked about Coverity growing north of 20%. Is that still the fair assumption for 2015 and 2016 for the growth rate of Coverity? 
Aart de Geus:  That is the ballpark that we are aiming at. Of course this is all complicated a little bit by this notion of haircuts. But in general that is the objective that we’re shooting for and that is the premise against which we are predicting that that present business would be over $100 million in 2016 and profitable.
Monika Garg:  And was there any revenue kind of recognition impact even in fiscal 2016 for Coverity? 
Aart de Geus:  You mean is there any hair cut left for 2015, I think minimally so. There’s a little bit smaller.
Monika Garg:  Okay. Got it.
Brian Beattie: Remember, it's $15 million in 2015. So we have to take that into account. That’s built in our guidance, and then by 2016, there’s just a little bit left.
Monika Garg: Thanks. Then the question is if you look at, you have raised strong cash balance more then close to $1 billion, more than 900 million net cash. Why not accelerate share buyback to reduce your outstanding share account?
Aart de Geus: Well, that is always a valid question. We prioritize the utilization of our cash in terms of M&A, making sure that when we have debt obligations, we live up to those and then of course, buyback. Just like you are suggesting, one of the things to not forget is that the balance of the cash between domestic and international is fairly massively. So, that tends to bring a bit of a practical limiter unless one uses other mechanisms. But you may have heard that, Brian, suggested that this year we want to pay much higher degree of attention on keeping the share count flat. And so we will certainly do a buyback.
Brian Beattie: And Monika, just to clarify the numbers, we were significant buyback in 2014, to keep the share count very close to the 2013 levels, and then again committing for 2015 to hold it there. So you’d see through 2013, 2014, and 2015, roughly a fair share count through all three years. So, again it’s putting our money to work, doing the appropriate level of buyback while as I mentioned leaving enough for strategic M&A opportunities in front of us.
Monika Garg: The last one here from me Aart. We all have seen design complexity growing which is thus really benefiting via companies. Do you think is it possible that we could see higher operating margins right, R&D expenses very high for industry. So do you think [indiscernible]?
Aart de Geus: We are at the heart of the heart of high-tech of the world, and so R&D expenses will stay a key component to be successful to bring this about. At the same time, we reiterated that our objective is to continue to move towards a solid mid-20s operating margin. And I think, Brian gave you the initial guidance for where we would land in 2015. So that general direction has not changed. Obviously it’s a function of how competitive do you want to be in the different areas. And also what opportunities do we see in some of the new areas, specifically IP which has a relatively fast turn around on investments turning to revenue, and then still very open ended and promising area of software verification. And we certainly have good ambitions.
Monika Garg: Thanks a lot. That’s all from me.
Operator: And there is no one else in queue. Please continue with any closing remarks.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, almost perfect timing here. Thank you so much for attending this earnings release. Thank you also for all your support during FY14. We don’t spend much time looking back or looking forward, and as we look forward we see a company that has three main businesses that we will continue to optimize totally for. And we’re entering 2015 with a good degree of momentum. We look forward to speak to you after this call for some of the analysts and otherwise at the next earnings release. Thank you so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay today after 4 p.m. Pacific Time through December 17 at midnight. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701, and entering the access code 343554. International participant can dial 320-365-3844. Again, those numbers are 1800-475-6701, and 320-365-3844, with the access code of 343554. That concludes our conference for today. Thank you for participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-08-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Aart de Geus – Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Brian Beattie – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rich Valera – Needham & Company Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Sterling Auty – JPMorgan Chase & Co Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co. Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2014. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions).Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and today’s earnings press release. All financial information to be discussed on this call, the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, the earnings press release and the financial supplement that we released today. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus:  Good afternoon. I’m happy to report excellent fiscal third quarter results. Customer demand was strong; we shipped game-changing new products that have already started a multi-year upgrade cycle; and we achieved encouraging results through Coverity, the recent acquisition that expands our TAM into a brand new software quality, test and security space. Highlighting our financial results. In Q3, we delivered revenue of $522 million, non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.65, and $340 million in operating cash flow. For the year, based on the combination of solid organic growth and Coverity results, we’re raising the midpoint of non-GAAP EPS guidance to a range of $2.48 to $2.50. We are narrowing our 2014 revenue range to $2.055 billion to 2.065 billion. In addition, we’re raising our operating cash flow guidance to at least $500 million. Before moving on to highlights for the quarter, let me comment on the customer landscape. Semiconductor company results have been trending better over the past couple of quarters, primarily reflecting good production volumes. At the same time, stress levels have not really changed. Semi and systems companies worldwide face significant challenges – how to deal with global economic caution and navigate a very competitive market, while meeting unprecedented technical mandates in both hardware and software. The result is that both vertical and horizontal consolidations, be it by acquisition or divestiture, have continued. While this dynamic is not new, it makes semiconductors an evolving, yet exciting industry.  From a design perspective, the state-of-the-art push into smaller dimensions and much larger transistor counts continues unabated. Since these chips provide an enormous amount of compute power, both the amount of embedded software and the number of new software applications are growing at an impressive rate. Synopsys is uniquely positioned to be the partner of choice for companies facing these challenges We lead in chip implementation. We have a comprehensive solution for verification that reaches all the way up to the intersection of hardware and software. We’re the number two IP company in the world. And with the acquisition of Coverity, we’ve not only significantly expanded our portfolio and customer base, but are transforming Synopsys into its next incarnation. Let me now focus on highlights in the different areas, beginning with Core EDA. Looking at the implementation flow, one recognizes three technical segments: First, the FinFET-based, leading-edge designs ranging from 22 nanometers down to test and early production-designs at 10 nanometer. Second, the grouping centered around 28 nanometer, including 45 and 20, designing very advanced chips, but holding back to jump into FinFET until processes mature a bit.  And lastly, designs in established nodes ranging from 55 nanometer to 350 nanometer, and often specializing in applications requiring more analog, high voltage, or other market-specific demands. Synopsys is strong in all three categories with leadership especially visible in the first two. Commenting on the extremely fast-growing FinFET segment. It’s quite astounding to see how intense the competitive battles are among the silicon providers, and how fast the node succession from 22 to 16/14 to 10 nanometer is progressing. Synopsys has invested for almost a decade in this area. At latest count, we’re already tracking over 150 FinFET designs and tapeouts worldwide. Synopsys is integral to more than 95% of them. Clearly, from a technical point of view, Moore’s Law is alive and well, and Synopsys is central in driving it forward. During the quarter, we announced broad foundry support for Intel’s 14 nanometer Tri-Gate platform, extending our production-proven 22 nanometer design enablement to this new process. Already heavily used to design Intel’s own production Tri-Gate chips, Synopsys’ broad offering of digital and custom design tools, digital and analog simulation, as well as memory and interface IP, enables Intel’s foundry customers to be confident in their ability to design very advanced chips. We also announced broad FinFET collaborations with Samsung and TSMC – including availability of a wide range of design tools and IP. Touching all three segments, our custom and mixed-signal tools are making solid progress. Specifically, the integration of IC Compiler and Custom Router is seeing excellent success with customers needing to bring digital and analog design together. At the Design Automation Conference, for example, Fujitsu and Renesas highlighted 4 to 15X productivity gains, and our solution has already been used in more than 50 tape-outs. Based on intense customer interest across the design spectrum, the introduction of our new IC Compiler II is clearly the highlight of 2014, and a milestone in design automation. This next generation tool delivers an astounding 10X improvement in throughput. That’s 10X, not 10%. Since announcing IC Compiler II in March, we delivered its production version exactly on schedule last month. The number of customer engagements has grown very rapidly, and we have booked our first orders. So far, the accelerating number of tape-outs has been in 40, 28 and 16/14 FinFET designs, and the first chips have already successfully come back from manufacturing. Let me give you a sense of the impact customers are already seeing with IC Compiler II. Last week a very important customer reported that, to their own astonishment, on a large block of one of their most advanced chips, the difficult placement and clock optimization runtime, which is typically about 45-plus hours for them, with IC Compiler II came down to an amazing six and a half hours. Needless to say, this is not only a fabulous productivity increase, but also allows the design team to now do multiple iterations per day. We expect IC Compiler II adoption to begin a broad ramp up in 2015.  The thus enabled massive growth in chip and system complexity puts the spotlight squarely on verification, where we also made great progress with the Q2 announcement of Verification Compiler. Shown to deliver 3X productivity improvements, Verification Compiler features brand new core technologies in static and formal verification, the integration of software-based simulation and debug tools, as well as key verification IP, all in a single product. Interest is even higher than expected – leading to a solid pipeline and orders already in hand. As customers understand the impact of what Synopsys is doing in verification, we’ve had a number of key commitments to long-term collaboration in this area. Overall, in core EDA, we see a lot of activity and expect generally low-to-mid single digit organic growth on a multi-year basis. Now turning to IP and prototyping. In IP, this quarter we note a number of successes with both current and next-generation products. We see significant USB 3.0 traction, as some major customers are well into volume production, while others are ramping up new design efforts. We estimate that 100 million Synopsys-powered USB 3.0-based chips have shipped thus far. During the quarter we unveiled the industry’s first complete PCI Express 4.0 solution. Targeted at enterprise computing applications such as servers, networking, and storage systems, we’re doubling the performance over the previous standard. Most importantly, in Q3 we also launched IP Accelerated. After pioneering IP-based design for almost two decades, several years ago we set out to transform IP integration and make it radically easier for designers to benefit from third-party IP. Along with the IP, we’re now delivering a complete set of models, FPGA prototypes, test structures, driver software, and a host of other integration mechanisms.  This complete solution not only speeds up the integration of large quantities of IP while reducing the risk of costly errors, but it also accelerates the essential path to software. IP Accelerated sets the bar for sophisticated IP and directly impacts designer productivity and success. The reception from customers has been excellent. On the prototyping side, demand for HAPS FPGA products is driven by the steeply increasing need for hardware/software integration, which brings me to the new software space that we entered with the acquisition of Coverity.  This market is characterized by a $500 million TAM, high growth, an imperative for companies of all sizes developing software, and great potential for Synopsys. Coverity provides the essential testing software used during code development to find and fix critical defects. Defects not found during development are much more expensive to find in the Quality Assurance phase. Defects not found at all can jeopardize the quality or security of a product. While we’re still in the early stages of building this business, I do have some highlights to share. In the first few months, Coverity is right on track financially. As a reminder, we indicated last quarter that we expect Coverity to contribute $20 million to $25 million in revenue, and be $0.10 to $0.13 dilutive in fiscal 2014 due to the deferred revenue impact of purchase accounting. We expect this part of our business to reach break-even in the second half of fiscal 2015, and be accretive in 2016. While Coverity did a great job building a $75 million standalone company, combining with Synopsys – one of the largest software companies in the world brings new benefits to target customers. In one interaction with a major global energy company, their management indicated strong satisfaction that this mission-critical software is now coming from a large company with financial strength, stability, and long-term vision. Recall that half of Coverity’s customers are brand new to Synopsys, representing a completely new pool of potential buyers. The other half are companies we know well, but where Coverity is used in different parts of the company and accessing different budgets. We’ve spent the last several months focusing on bringing in business and assessing the go-forward strategy. We anticipate sharing more with you over the next couple of months – please, stay tuned. IP and Software Solutions contribute approximately 25% of our revenue, and we expect to see low-double-digit revenue growth on a multi-year basis. In summary, we executed well in Q3. We solidified the year’s financial outlook with an excellent quarter, and raised operating cash flow guidance; we delivered game-changing technology that extends our competitive differentiation for years to come. And we made good progress on our new journey into the software quality, test, and security market with Coverity. Let me now turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian Beattie: Thank you, Aart and good afternoon everyone. In my comments today I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with guidance for Q4 and the full year of 2014. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Synopsys delivered an excellent quarter, meeting or exceeding all of the quarterly financial targets we provided in May. Q3 financial results were highlighted by strong business levels, solid growth in both revenue and earnings, and considerable cash flow generation. Total revenue was $522 million, an increase of 8% compared to a year ago. As expected, revenue from Coverity product sales was modest, reflecting the post-acquisition purchase accounting haircut to deferred revenue. About 90% of Q3 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog and we had one slightly greater than 10% customer. The weighted average duration of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was about 3.1 years, and we continue to expect weighted average duration for FY14 to be approximately three years. Turning to expenses, Q3 total GAAP costs and expenses were $455 million, which included $33 million of amortization of intangible assets and $21 million of stock-based compensation. Q3 total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $397 million, slightly below our target range, driven primarily by timing of quarterly expenses, including some delayed hiring, along with overall cost control. Non-GAAP operating margin was 23.9% for the quarter and 23.5% for the first three quarters of fiscal 2014, reflecting increases in headcount and expenses from our recent acquisitions, primarily Coverity. Our ongoing goal is a continued focus on operational efficiency with annual non-GAAP operating margins moving solidly into the mid-20s. Turning now to earnings, GAAP earnings per share were $0.42, with non-GAAP earnings per share at $0.65. Q3 non-GAAP tax rate was 17.5% reflecting our release of certain reserves due to the lapse of several statutes of limitation during the quarter. As a result, we think that a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 20% is a reasonable estimate for FY14. Now turning to our cash flow. During the quarter, we generated $340 million in cash from operations and are raising our operating cash flow target for the year to at least $500 million. We paid back our outstanding $200 million revolver, along with $7.5 million of our term loan, leaving $83 million of debt outstanding on the term loan.  Consequently, we did not repurchase stock in the quarter; however, for the trailing 12 months we have spent $155 million repurchasing approximately 4.1 million shares and we have $420 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. We ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $903 million with 12%, or $109 million, onshore and 88% offshore. We plan to continue optimizing the use of our strong cash flow, through a balance of M&A, stock buybacks and debt reduction. Each quarter we will evaluate the best uses of cash, but our ongoing goal is to allocate capital to where we think it can generate maximum long-term shareholder value. DSO was 42 days, reflecting strong cash collections and timing of invoices, and we ended Q3 with 9,225 employees, with more than one third in lower-cost geographies. Now let’s address our fourth quarter and fiscal 2014 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For fiscal 2014. We are narrowing our revenue range to $2.055 and $2.065 billion. While we are not breaking out Coverity product sales, we are on-track for the expected $20 to $25 million of revenue in FY14. Other income and expense between $10 million and $12 million; A non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 20%; Outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million; GAAP earnings per share of $1.57 to $1.63, which includes the impact of approximately $80  million in stock-based compensation expense, and we are increasing the midpoint of our non-GAAP earnings per share target with a range of $2.48 to $2.50, which reflects Coverity on track for the expected $0.10 to $0.13 cents dilution in FY14. Capital expenditures of approximately $105 million, slightly less than originally anticipated due to some shifting out of expenditures to build out our newly leased Bay Area facility. And again we are again raising our cash flow from operations target to at least $500 million for FY14 For the fourth quarter of FY14, our targets are; Revenue between $537 million and $547 million; GAAP costs and expenses between $462 million and $479 million, which includes approximately $22 million of stock-based compensation expense. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $410 million and $420 million, reflecting traditionally higher Q4 expenses; Other income and expense between $1 million and negative $1 million; A non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 22%; Outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million; GAAP earnings of $0.32 to $0.38 per share; and  Non-GAAP earnings of $0.59 to $0.61 per share. We also reiterate our multi-year goal of high-single-digit non-GAAP EPS growth. We continue to believe this strategy will deliver long-term shareholder value. It allows us to not only fund our strategic growth areas and expand our technology leadership, but simultaneously drive sustainable, long-term growth and increased profitability. In summary, we’re pleased with our strong Q3 results, highlighted by solid top and bottom-line growth and considerable cash flow generation. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) You have a question from the line of Rich Valera of Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company: Thank you. Aart just wanted to get your take on any incremental change, if you’ve seen any in the environment it sounds like it’s pretty similar to what you’re describing last quarter, but just wanted to hear it from you, what if anything, you’re seeing incrementally from relative to last quarter?
Aart de Geus:  Sure. So in general, my own perception is that the things have not really changed all that much. Because the major forces in the semiconductor industry or essentially the same then they were a quarter ago. At the same time and you would see that from many of the analyst, everybody is reporting slightly better numbers, slightly higher expectations. And that of course is a good sign, but given that the fundamentals from my perspective have not changed all that much, I think steady as she goes. Having said that what is very, very positive is I think that’s the acceleration on the FinFET side, gives more, more credence that there is a whole wave of new capabilities coming. And as FinFET technology manifest itself in more domains than just the advanced computation, the advanced graphics, all of the advanced heavy computationally centered chips, I think that will fuel really, the next wave of growth and many companies are very much aiming at consolidating their business picture to be ready for that.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company: That’s helpful. Question on IC CII, I think the way you’ve described it in the past is that IC CII is for your customers at advanced nodes that would really benefit from the improved performance there, while those at some of the trailing nodes that may not needed as much wouldn’t necessarily choose to upgrade. Can you give us a sense of how you see your customer base percentage wise at what percent do you think is at sufficiently advanced nodes that they might would upgrade to IC CII versus those that you don’t think will? Do you have any sense of that percentage?
Aart de Geus:  Let me first half agree and half disagree with you. Let me start with agreeing completely with the fact that all the people working on the very advanced nodes, absolutely, will upgrade as soon as they can to IC Compiler II, because the capabilities that are in there that are necessary for FinFET at 16, 14 and for sure at 10 nanometer are of extremely high value. And simultaneously the fact that the chips that you will do, they will have so many more transistor therefore are so much higher complexity will require the strength that the engines have that are in IC Compiler II. The part where it may be humbly would re-vector your thinking is actually all the existing nodes. One of the things that is quite remarkable and we have now many experiments to show this is that by using the capabilities in the most advanced tools are much more well established nodes and that can be 45 or 65 or even all the nodes than that result in a much better results on those chips. And we’ve done a AV comparisons where we’ve taken chips that have been designed in the past and just rerun them with the new tools and in a number of situations we can do the very same chip with fewer layers of metal. Well, one has to appreciate what that means fewer layers of metal means significantly lower cost manufacturing. And so the reason for this is not only all the many new deep technical features in IC Compiler II, but in order to deal with the complexity the engines have been massively overhauled to be much faster than before. And therefore we can tend to computations that in the past we couldn’t do. So, I think the impact well maybe not as urgent as on the new nodes, will be very quickly visible in the coming year to people doing more established design.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company: And I guess just try to ask the question again that just in terms of percentage so, it sounds like even folks at 65, could see significant benefit. Do you have a sense of your user base at 65 nanometer and below or do you think about your base that way?
Aart de Geus: Yes, actually we think of it really in to sort of three categories I tried to hint at that in my preamble which is really the FinFET which is clearly very advanced those people will all ago. The group around 28 which is I stretch it a little bit to you from 45 to 20 really cover all the high-end planar transistors. I think they will all go. And I think the nodes before that people will gradually go overtime and we’ll try to incentivize them in a number of years to make sure that they all go.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company:  And in terms of the percentage of your customer base that comprises 45 to 20.
Aart de Geus:  45 to 20 I would say all the advanced people are there because all the advanced people do designs there and some do a portion at the FinFET level and clearly I would guess that something well over 50% of our revenue hit there.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company:  Great and just one more from me. I don’t think you meant this to be a change but in your description of core EDA you talked about a low to mid single digit core EDA growth is that I think I felt maybe in the past you talk about a low single digit I’m not sure if low to mid is the same or is it different just wanted to clarify that. 
Aart de Geus: Yes, there is no change – no change intended in any case.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company: Okay, thanks very much. I appreciate that.
Aart de Geus:  You’re welcome, Rich.
Operator:  Okay thank you. And the next question is from the line of Krish Sankar of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, hi thanks for taking my question. Actually I have a couple of them. One is for Brian if you just do the mid point of a guidance for fiscal Q4 the EPS comes around $0.63 I’m just kind of curious what is going on in your assumption on getting to the bottom line for Q4?
Brian Beattie: Well, again we had a coming off a very strong Q3 where we saw again our run rate increased during the quarter and even forecasting additional revenue growth going into the fourth quarter, so good performance, good year-over-year, nice sequential revenue that we’re anticipating as I built that into the revenue guidance. And then on the spending profile we also see some growth we managed expenses very tightly during the quarter we have some level of deferred hiring if you like that will come into the fourth quarter. And just managing expenses so we’re seeing expenses pick up a little bit very traditional for us in the fourth quarter to see that profile. So overall just a reminder we’ve increased the mid point of our EPS guidance from last quarter by about $1.5. So overall again a good strong year making the commitments we committed to at the beginning of the year and continue to grow through. 
Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then your full year guidance roughly around $2.50 in EPS and earlier in the year it is almost $2.60 in the $0.10 dilution from the accounting with Coverity and you also mentioned that expect to grow EPS in the high single-digit, it’s kind of range. So without giving any guidance and I know you guys are not going to guide for next year yet. Should we assume the high single-digits growth for EPS from the 250 base or 260 base for next year?
Aart de Geus: Again, in terms of our commitment, we’ve made this for many, many years now, just our ongoing multiyear commitment of high single-digit earnings per share growth, and clearly of course we’re focused on growth. And the impact we had anticipated for this year plus the impact of what we saw from Coverity brought us to lower number, but we want to highlight that even without that acquisition, we’d be just over 7% earnings per share growth on a year-over-year basis and any commentary now on 2015 is really exactly the kind of work we’re undertaking right now of getting ready for our plans of getting that setup and to be able to communicate as we normally do on the very next earnings call on our anticipation and guidance for 2015.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Final question for Aart. I’m kind of curious your any updated thoughts on capital returned in the form of either dividend are more aggressive buybacks and along the same path, if you still think the best value from M&A – is there any pocket that makes more sense for you in other words do you think you get best bang for your buck in doing acquisitions in the IP side or is there anything else if you can give us inside us some insight that the very helpful?
Aart de Geus: Sure. The capital allocation is something that really gets looked at every quarter again. Although we sort of follow general principles, which is the highest weighting is given into the opportunity of doing M&A that transforms positively the company for the future. Because capital is very valuable assets and given that it’s split in domestic and international, one has to actually navigate to fairly careful waters. The second application of the capital would be for buybacks. And in the last 12 months I think we’ve done $155 million or something like that. Last quarter, we didn’t because we did the Coverity acquisition and we pay back the debts that came with that. And in general, our sense is that we would like to keep the ability to have that, so that we have optionalty in case good opportunities come up. And otherwise we are just disciplined. And lastly, dividend is something that we have not considered. We think the other two ways of using the capital base or better.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Krish.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question is from the line of Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan Chase & Co:  Thanks, guys. I want to start with the contract duration. I think the 3.1 years that’s a pretty healthy jump. Wondering if that’s a couple of contracts that skewed it? Or did you see that lengthening across the spectrum of contracts in the quarter?
Brian Beattie:  Yes, good question Sterling. The commitment we always make each year is that we expect our average duration of our licensed contracts to be about three years. We’ve been running a little bit less than that during the first two quarters. The last quarter was really related to one significant deal that came in that had a longer duration to it. So all of that as you know we break it out to effectively one decimal point and that came out of 3.1 years. So, again, we reiterate about three years is the appropriate duration and that’s what we’re on track to deliver in 2014.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan Chase & Co: And can you just maybe described how that may have impacted your that longer contract length, how that may have impacted you revenue outlook here for the fourth quarter given your spreading it out over a longer period?
Brian Beattie: Yes, it doesn’t, again it doesn’t affect it right. We do look at that revenue run rate, which again we said was up in the quarter. And as we look at a longer term deal, it’s just one specific deal that came through and a good deal for everyone involved. And again that just factors into revenue guidance going forward.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan Chase & Co: And can you give us a sense on Aart, you mentioned FinFET opportunity, what is FinFET doing to the IT business?
Aart de Geus:  It is actually driving a lot of IT business, because if you take one step back, in order for a foundry to be successful with a silicon offering, there are many things that have to come together. And of course they themselves are in charge of the technology, the transistor development and the manufacturing capabilities and the manufacturing capacity. But they also rely on others such as Synopsys to do at a minimum two or three things. One is to make sure that the tools are completely ready for whatever idiosyncrasies technology may have and they all have idiosyncrasies and these are very important. Secondly, they want to make sure that libraries and memories which are very closely related to silicon already, we have a business there and we are very involved and providing those cores to the foundries at an early stage, because otherwise they cannot go to market. Then there’s all the other IP, the interface IP and other providers provide processor cores and graphics cores that have to get ready. And lastly we provide a substantial amount of methodology help so that a customer can start designing and the whole flow is ready and proven and so on. And so the very fact that there is such a push on advanced FinFET has brought a wave of work on us. Now, you would say, work that’s a native. No. It’s a positive. It’s an opportunity to drive the state-of-the-art forward and we’re very deeply enmeshed in that. So in that sense, the FinFET wave from my perspective is another easy 10-year, easy is the wrong word, guarantees 10 years of Moore’s law and we’re very involved in making that happen.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan Chase & Co:  Okay and last question Brian on the non-GAAP sales and marketing expense I think it was a $107 million in terms of few million dollars shy of what we’re thinking, looking at the sequential change and that may have come in below what I would have thought. Anything that you didn’t do in the quarter whether it be from advertising or marketing or head count, what kind of explain the sales and marketing result?
Brian Beattie: Delayed hiring its all about the looking very carefully at all the plant growth and really kind of fine tune comb on what’s available what’s coming in what’s essential and just managing it very carefully so again it just timing relative to bringing that in and managing cost.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan Chase & Co: Got it. Thank you guys.
Brian Beattie: Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely of D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yes, good afternoon. First, something on the question IC Compiler II, so after first quarter what kind of feedback do you get from the customers as far as you taking this market leading product to making it 10 times faster what kind of impact do you see on just the market size?
Aart de Geus:  Well, I think this is a great opportunity for us because its not just a product, it is really a platform that touches many other capabilities and products and when we say there is 10x improvement and throughput really implies through many, many different tasks. And so we have no many reports from customers on all kinds of different tasks or the run time improvement and its more difficult for customers to judge what happens when you go through all of the stages because that implies going through entire chip design. But for each of the tasks, they are seeing remarkable improvements in run time.  And in my preamble I try to use one example of where run time it’s not just a – well it goes faster, it’s a – now I can do a two or maybe three times a day. And one should not under estimate how valuable that is because that allows people to look at results and say, oh, no I should have changed something to get better results. And they can immediately go back into implementation and thus progress faster towards their overall chips. So the results of all of this is that I think it is not only the tool that is needed to really anchor the design of the next generations of technology and I would certainly include 28 nanometer in that. It is also the basis to change design methodology and it’s almost fun to hear, some of customers say well now that this so fast, why don’t you make everything else faster too. And so the usual when you have something good immediately the expectations go for.
Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Do you think essentially the result is more testing versus fewer seats or fewer packages.
Aart de Geus:  When you say more testing, you mean there is the opportunity to explore many more design much more rapidly. Yes.
Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. I was kind of curious if that, maybe you thought that once you had a kind of a slug of refresh go through with your customers, if at that point the speed actually would decrease the market size, but its sounds like do you think there is so much more – so many more cycles you can do to get the reliability up that would…
Aart de Geus: Absolutely. I think we often don’t realize how enormously the complexity of chips is increasing. And partially we take it for granted because our entire industry actually delivers incredibly well against this sort of mythical Moore’s law. But the fact is that the chips that are being built are enormously complex and the fact that entire phases of this have been automated to this degree is remarkable. And I have no doubt whatsoever that’s the fact that the products run so much faster. Just means that they will see more utilization on more parts.
Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. All right, that’s helpful. And then Brian, when you look at the Coverity acquisition on the fact that’s dilutive until the second half of next year, is that driven by just the differed revenue make up or do you need actual growth in Coverity proper to get to accretion.
Brian Beattie:  Yes, the reason for that dilution is really all related to the differed revenue haircut. And it does effect as you know where the rate will model beyond just this year. It does go into next year as well. So from a cash flow perspective the company is break-even from an earnings perspective, prior acquiring it was a break-even business. Coupled along with a very nice roughly 20% revenue growth associated with that. So we do plan on growing that business, growing the market potential it’s there and also to drive profitability up overtime. But really that biggest impact to your question is – is really coming from the deferred revenue haircut again, so it’s a non-cash item, cash flow the company has done very well.
Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. I wasn’t sure if you were putting enough extra investment into at where as the current revenue run rate it wasn’t quite profitable yet.
Brian Beattie: We’re building that in as well as we look ahead. 
Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, thanks. And then I guess Aart final question when you look at the emulation market I guess two questions here. First one, do you think it is ultimately a $1 billion market like some are saying at this point. And the second question is, is this one of your key focuses at this point?
Brian Beattie:  Well, $1 billion dollar is a pretty far away from where the market is today. On the other hand, I think there is plenty of indication that faster and faster simulation requires hardware and emulation is the central piece of that. And one of the key reasons for that is tied actually to the previous comment on the complexity of chips, which is when you look at the advanced chips, what is customary to date if you have one, two, four, 18 God knows how many compute cores. Well, the implication is having processor cores means there's software that goes with that, having software means that you would like to verify that software in context of the chip without having to chip and this is where both emulation and FPGA-based prototyping are absolutely essential. So I see the entire market engineering putting more and more emphasis now on this intersection between hardware and software. And it’s in that context that emulation has probably very high potential as we are looking at system validation which contains both hardware and software.
Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Well, thank you both for your time today.
Brian Beattie: You’re welcome
Aart de Geus:  Thanks Don.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question comes from the line Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities: Yes, thanks good afternoon Brian, first question about the results and then Aart couple of longer term questions. Brian could you comment on the unusually large sequentially increasing revenues in North America, while at the same time we also had a fairly large sequential decline in Asia Pacific in the second quarter perhaps the latter is seasonal because you had something similar last year, but what are the moving parts behind those two large moves in sequential revenues geographically?
Brian Beattie: Again, all of this under a very, very ratable revenue profile. So, as you know from time-to-time there is a little bit of revenue variability. We’ve addressed that and Asia-Pacific before its relative to one contract that’s in place. It just moves around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. So again, it’s just a continuation of the trend on a quarterly basis everything is totally on track. And as you’re seeing in Asia-Pacific our trailing 12 months revenue is up 15%, compared to 12 months earlier so good performance through the whole region. And then just relative to North American again you can see the same thing now with Coverity starting to kick in and some additional specific businesses that we have, it’s a good quarter. Overall, the business did well in North America in particular just looking at some record results for the U.S. right now.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities: Okay, Aart with respect to IC COMPILER II, when the company hosted a meeting with investors at DeCA, there was an interesting discussion about the node-based pricing that you’ve offered or introduced with IC Compiler II. The different capacities and prices having to do with the node for which the product would be used. Could you talk about whether that kind of approach to pricing is usable for other of your tools? Is that something you're planning to do? Also technically, would it be fair to say that you are working on or maybe you've already finished it increasing the capacity for DC commensurate with the capacity increases for IC Compiler II? 
Aart de Geus:  Okay. Let me start first with the overall pricing. Attaching anything to nodes either very, very directly or through very specific features that are necessary for those nodes, applies much more to the implementation tools than let's say the verification tools because the implementation tools actually need to know what node it is where the verification tools in general treat a gate as a gate as a gate no matter what transistor's made up of. So in the case of our advanced tools and implementation, they are, a lot of this can be regulated or controlled really through the features that are available for the different nodes. Remind me what was your second question?
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities:  Sure. There was some discussion at DAC that just as you've increased the capacity for IC Compiler II, relative to predecessor, you might need to increase DC capacity similarly?
Aart de Geus: Well, yes and no. The yes part is no doubt that all the building blocks that are being created are going commensurately with the chips that are growing. And so in that sense, there’s a never-ending push on all of our tools as a matter of fact to increase capacity or another way we say it is reduce the memory consumption per gate or per transistor and so that will continue on all of our tools. The only thing that is slightly difference between tools that look at the placement out of an entire chip versus the synthesis of individual blocks is the entire chip grows in absolute terms even more than the individual blocks. The other area where what you just said is very material is actually in the verification side. And they are too, the push for faster and lower memory utilization is remarkable. On the faster side that is of course what results into the push into emulation and FPGA-based prototyping. But the good news is I think we never done with the engineering that we have to do and Synopsys is well-differentiated in all these angles already.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities: Okay, maybe lastly, thinking about longer-term incremental opportunities, for you specifically but perhaps more broadly for EDA, could you address those opportunities in three respects? One, by functional area particularly focusing on the opportunities you see in sign-off and power, you were quoted I think it was at DAC maybe it was at snug that power has its own specific optimization requirements. So maybe you could talk about that. Secondly by customer type in your prepared remarks you talked about foundries and specifically Intel custom foundry maybe talk about the opportunity there. And then lastly by end application, at the breakfast you guys with Global Foundries at DAC someone from Synopsys was quoted as saying that you are very aggressively pursuing the Internet of Things opportunity. So perhaps you could talk about what that really means for you.
Aart de Geus:  Well, realize of course that you're asking me to do multiple complete snug speeches here. But let me start a little bit by the functional area top down, we break our thinking into really only three or four areas the implementation, verification, the IP and now the interaction hardware software to software. On the implementation side, you’re absolutely right to highlight power because the power touches everything.  And when I say everything I really mean from the most minute microscopic optimization of transistors that are done with tea CAD to the very choice of the materials and that’s why you see so much emphasis in these new FinFET structures, all the way to of course how a chip is designed, the architecture. But then also how the software's run and the very fact that on a modern chip as you run software pieces of the chip are being turned on and off, thousands of times per second just to save a little bit of power gives you a sense of how important that is. And so the key for us is to make sure that all of our tools understand recently well what the other’s tools are doing. In terms of the customer types, one can certainly look at the people providing the silicon. So the foundries or some of the IDM's that do it themselves. And there one needs to be engaged early on having the right connections to what will describe the technology so that the tools can use it well and be ready with early IP.  But just as important on the receiving end so the people that maybe fabless design companies, they are, the goal is to helps them make maximal utilization of new technology the minute they are available and the minute they are economically interesting to them. And the good news there is we have quite a number of substantial, large, hard to driving fabless companies that have teamed up with us on really driving the state-of-the-art forward. And then in terms of end application domains it is useful to understand what are the biggest markets because the biggest markets are a computation and communication. They intersect very much on the Internet which means that the cloud infrastructure is an area that keeps being invested in and everything I mentioned so far demands state-of-art technology going forward.  Internet of Things right now is a little bit catch all for so many different things. Somebody the other day jokes that every time you say the word Internet of Things, the market grows by another trillion or so. Well I think it’s not that simple, there is going to be enormous large number of various simple chips collecting data measuring things, watching things and then the manipulation or the intelligent analysis will demand more and more chip in silicon technology in years to come. And so I think there are open opportunities there, but its also many specialties people that are really very good at doing something high voltage or low voltage or that are looking some analogs capabilities. So I think there is broad horizon in the Internet of Things is sort of the door to get a lot of information in but the hard core is all around computation and the transportation and storage of data as in all the advanced companies are massively betting on that. 
Operator: Okay, thank you and the next question from the Mahesh Sanganeria of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst:  Hi this is (indiscernible) asking for Mahesh thanks for taking my questions. And Aart you talked a lot about things that progress in your prepared remark which is very helpful. But I wonder if you can talk about the development on the FD-SOI side what level of interest or traction do you in that area? And how Synopsys plan to address the demand there?
Aart de Geus: Okay let me go backwards with that which is we have been very competent on FDA, FD-SOI for actually quite a while and majority of the chip that have used that technology were taped out with our tools. Now the reason FD-SOI has come to the attention of a number of people is of course because there has been an agreement between FD and Samsung to invest jointly in that area, they will have to tell you exactly what they plan to deliver, but FD-SOI brings some of the promises of lower power to the 28 nanometer planar transistor wave.  And so the way to understand this is down to 28, 20 nanometer transistors have been planar. Read that as flat. FinFETs our vertical transistors, vertical as you would imagine are more difficult to build, more expensive to build but they have the benefit of having much lower power consumption going forward. And so it begs the question well when do you stop 28, 20 and when you jump over to the next wave. And quite a number of companies are right now essentially using 28 nanometer to the best of their abilities until FinFET becomes economically more mature.  And there's been the proposal to use FD-SOI as a way to get even better results out of 28 for a lower price. And so FD has had excellent results with this so it's promising, but the question remains, will there be broad foundry capacity for that? And if yes, I'm sure some customers will use it.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And there are five minutes remaining in this conference. The next question comes from the line of Monika Garg of Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities: Hi, thanks for taking question. First question is for Brian, Brian if I look at the tax rate, the tax rate quarter-over-quarter for the yearly basis has gone down by 100 basis points, right? Which has pre-sensed the EPS, then you had a nice split on Q3 – by $0.05. But you're only raising your yearly guidance by couple of cents. So could you help us reconcile that?
Brian Beattie:  Sure, then I will confirm the data points too. We've at a very good third quarter with our tax rate coming in reflecting a number of statutes of limitation. So it just really expired in our third quarter and in that quarter is basically a year-to-date catch-up if you like. And that has to flow through into our results. So that was a contributor into the earnings as we were able to release some reserves, we had setup. Our prior guidance on our tax rate for the year was 21% and now with those provisions coming in we're letting that to go down to 20% for the year. So again, that is being reflected in our guidance as we look forward relative to our guidance for the full year, we've included a $0.015 increase as we said we did really well inside the third quarter. And just looking at our typical fourth quarter with rising revenues we also see some rise in our expenses associated with the cost controls and some delayed hiring. We had in the third quarter. So overall good management of tax and again good earnings per share with some improvement in that now being forecast.
Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities: Then I have a question that we’re seeing consolidation in the semi industry, right Broadcom kind of announced they’re winding down, I think the baseband business. Could you maybe talk about a broader trend consolidation in semis and impact on EDA and also on Synopsys.
Aart de Geus: Well, this is why before, I mentioned that I think the market has not changed all that much. These consolidations in semiconductor side are not new and I think are just the natural evolution of any industry that periodically sort of re-centers itself on critical mass be it either vertical focus or horizontal focus. And I think it shows that we have a very active and alive industry. This is not any different for our own industry. There has been consolidation in the past. I think we also leave Synopsys in a position where we have a very good position and have had the opportunity to now look at broadening fields and as you know one of the acquisitions we did was Coverity that opened up a new TAM for us that previously was not there. So there's plenty of opportunity for us to look forward. In general, we don’t comment about forward-looking M&A for the company.
Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities: The last one for me (inaudible) side you had new to [lamination to the] March of this year. Could you maybe talk about how you think that is doing and the growth, what you are seeing in the segment?
Aart de Geus: Yes. We introduced ZeBu 3 which is a brand new generation much faster, much higher capacity engine. And actually it has gotten very good reception from customers. Number of them have been shipped and are in utilization. This is part of a much broader strategy, which is really to deal with the very fact that verification is absolutely one of the areas that we’ll see the biggest demand in new capabilities, faster speed, higher capacity et cetera because of the complexity of not just the chips but of the entire system and the interaction with hardware and software. And so in that context we’re very happy that the new machine is in good state, and our focus is entirely now on the interaction between that and our other tools. And we will tell more about that towards the rest of the year.
Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities:  Thank you. That’s all for me.
Aart de Geus:  You’re welcome, Monika.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And back to you gentlemen for closing remarks.
Aart de Geus: Thank you very much for spending time with us. We are looking back on a very strong quarter not only with good financial results, but also with some advances with very high impact a long-term products. And so it will be exciting to tell you about our progress in the coming quarters with these products. And their impact on the semiconductor evolution history. Thank you so much.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And that concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-05-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - VP of IR Aart de Geus - Chairman and Co-CEO  Brian Beattie - CFO
Analysts:  Rich Valera - Needham & Company Krish Sankar - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co. Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets
 : 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2014. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions).Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Rich. Good afternoon, everyone. With us on the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgement about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect.   In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and today’s earnings press release. All financial information to be discussed on this conference call, the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, the earnings press release and the financial supplement that we released today. All of these items are currently available on our web site at www.synopsys.com. You can also easily access information on your mobile device with our new IR app available for android end IOS devices from google play and iTunes.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to, Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus:  Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Our fiscal second-quarter results were very strong and solidify our expectations for the full-year. In summary, business was robust in all key areas. After many years of investment and innovation we launched several important new products including a game changer in digital design. And we closed the acquisition of Coverity bringing us into the emerging market of software quality, test and security. Highlighting our financial results; we delivered revenue of $518 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.65 and a $112 million in operating cash flow. For the year, we’re now including the impacts of the Coverity in our guidance. Based on the combination of solid organic business and the impact of purchase accounting on Coverity, we expect 2014 revenue of $2.050 billion to $2.075 billion and non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.45 to $2.50. We are also raising our operating cash flow guidance to a range of $450 million to $475 million primarily reflecting strong collections in the organic business.  If you look at the customer landscape, we see continued focus on balancing the drive for better faster differentiated products with a continued caution around cost. If there is any change in our customer’s mindset, it is the mounting pressure to develop and utilize a more and more advanced technology. In addition, companies are relying more on complex software to differentiate their products. And their customers are becoming less and less tolerant of software with quality and security effect.  Synopsys is uniquely positioned to be the partner of choice for companies facing these challenges. With our technical expertise, standing all the way from deep silicon to the hardware software intersection to software, we now deal to nearly all companies that utilize technology to drive their business. Our edit emphasis on software not only extends our business opportunity along the path, that our existing customers are taking, but also engages a broad set of new companies across the industry spectrum.  Synopsys is one of the deepest high-tech companies in the world and we deliver some of the most sophisticated software ever built. With Coverity, we’ve entered a market segment that now needs and will benefit from the same level of technical depth. This changes our outlook considerably as it is opening our broadest customer base ever. Let me provide some highlights from the quarter, beginning with leadership in core EDA, which was marked by some product introductions that can be rated among the most important in the decade. The first of those, IC COMPILER II is the game changing successor to IC COMPILER, today’s industry-leading place-and-route solution. Several years ago, we’ve tasked our team to drive an order of magnitude leap in productivity by developing a complete new architecture and algorithm while in parallel continuing advances in our existing IC COMPILER flagship product.  The team has succeeded well beyond my expectations. IC COMPILER II is truly transformative and features like measurable 10X faster throughputs. 10X now 10% is in an astounding accomplishment, introduced at our March users group meeting, key partners such as Imagination, LSI, Panasonic, NSD told attendees about their early use and independently confirmed the magnitude of the results. While IC Compiler II will officially shipped as a full system in July as it’s already contributed to production designs at early partners and we have received confirmation of several successful tape-outs. Needless to say, there is significant interest and demand which we are managing carefully to ensure seamless adoption and success for early customers. The timing of this breakthrough coincides perfectly with our technology push into advance FinFET supporting all of the capabilities needed for absolute state of the art design of very complex devices. Incidentally the breakthrough algorithmic advances also benefit hard driving designs at well established notes such as 28, 40 and 65 nanometer; for example where 10X throughput improvements are economically just as meaningful. We’re also making excellent progress in our custom digital co-design and one to engagements over the incumbent for our custom FinFET solutions. Moving to verification, we announced a major step in our roadmap towards redefining this market segment and giving customers a next generation end-to-end solution that does not exists today. Specifically in March, we introduced Verification Compiler which features complete access to old verification technology needed in a single product including industry leading stimulation and debug. In addition, verification complier includes brand new static and formal technologies that are 3 to 5x faster than anything on the market. On top of that, key verification ID significantly completes and accelerates the verification of crucial ID structures. All of this is tightly integrated to deliver 3x productivity improvement for customers’ increasingly compact circuits. The result of the massive development and integration project set by both organically developed and acquired technology, verification complier is a great first step on a multiyear roadmap to revolutionize verification. On the hardware side, we introduced our next generation emulator ZeBu Server-3 it’s the industry’s fastest system with the highest capacity available today. Customers such as AMD and Freescale have already adopted our new solution, citing benefits and shortening verification time and meeting accelerated software development and validation schedules. Although application vision and the innovations recently introduced are triggering partnerships with key customers and one world leader already made a major commitment for long term collaboration with us this quarter. Now to IP, where demand is strong evidenced by record orders in the quarter as the leader interface memory analog and physical IT and the number of two IT play overall Synopsys continues to benefit from our customers move to outsourcing more and more complex IT driving our success our unmatched product quality breadth that enables design teams to centralize a substantial portion of their purchases with us and almost 2,000 engineers on the leading edge of technology development. Even the few customers who have resolutely help onto internal development are we examining their strategy and are increasingly selected Synopsys of their partner. One of the few major semiconductor companies who have not previously purchased our IP for the number of interface blocks this quarter as a first step towards a broader outsourcing effort. In Q2, we announced two major new IP titles a new USB 2.0 and 3.05 that reduces area by 50% over the previous generation and the industry’s first LPDDR4 memory controller. A couple of years ago we began offering the next level of IP, complete subsystems. They include elements such as interface blocks low power processors memories and software all optimized for a particular application. One example is our sensor subsystem which is gaining good traction in the Internet of Thing space. Our FPGA base and virtual prototyping products also continue to do very well. We just announced a multiyear center of excellence collaboration with Freescale to speed development of automotive electronic systems software. And driving the future in prototyping, we collaborated with industry leaders to publish a seminal book on advanced software development with virtual prototypes. The titles says it better software faster. Using real-life case studies allow mobile, consumer, industrial and automotive partners, the book offers practical guidelines for accelerating project schedules.  We’ve already had little over 1,000 downloads in just a few weeks. Better software faster is precisely the mission of our new business group. After just two months the acquisition of Coverity is showing great promise. As a refresher, Coverity products are central in the software creation lifecycle. Our tools are dramatically test source code for software defects that can lead to product crashes, unexpected behavior, security breaches or catastrophic system failures. In contrast to traditionally running the code and waiting for bugs to appear our tools find details by sophisticated formal inspection of the code itself. About half of Coverity’s business is with our current customers although addressing different users and different budget. The rest extends well beyond catering to independent software vendors, ecommerce and industries as wide ranging as energy, industrial and financial services. The strategic Coverity acquisition does significantly expands our talent and customer base. Within the broad automated software quality space, which analysts size at approximately 2.5 billion, Coverity is the leader in the sub-segment called software quality analysis and measurement? IDC sizes this segment at approximately 500 million with estimated 2017 market revenue of nearly 1 billion. Our goal is to build a substantial presence in this space over the years similar to what we did first with EDA than IP. To that end last week, we announced the small acquisition Kalistick that expands our reach beyond software developers to quality assurance while bringing a number of cloud capabilities to Coverity. Results to-date have been very encouraging. Orders were slightly better than expected in Coverity’s first six weeks at Synopsys. The team is running on all cylinders, already driving increased lead generation and closing a number of growth renewal opportunities. Our objective is to determine the right level of integration by the end of the Synopsys fiscal year to maximize our brand and channel leverage while optimizing for the specific needs of this exciting market. Due to the purchase accounting impact on deferred revenue, we expect Coverity to contribute $20 million to $25 million in revenue and the approximately $0.10 to $0.13 dilutive to non-GAAP EPS this year. Without the purchase accounting impact, Coverity would already be accretive this year. We reiterate that we expect it to reach breakeven in the second half of 2015 and be accretive in 2016 and beyond. In summary, Q2 was a strong quarter with some extraordinarily high impacting product introductions in the core of our business, strong business and demand for sophisticated IP and a great entry into the software quality test and security market with excellent execution of the on-boarding of Coverity. Well, having made big strive in further differentiating our core business, we are also well on our way to diversifying the company into new areas and feel that we are executing well on the growth strategy we have communicated to you a number of years ago. Let me now turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian Beattie :  Thank you, Aart and good afternoon everyone. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with guidance for Q3 and the full year of 2014. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Now Synopsys delivered a very strong quarter highlighted by strong business levels and considerable cash flow generation. Additionally, we continued our stock repurchase program and completed the Coverity acquisition and two smaller tuck-in deals. Total revenue was $518 million, above our target range. As expected revenue from the Coverity product sales were very modest, reflecting the standard purchase accounting haircut that was applied to deferred revenue during the first six weeks as part of Synopsys and I will say more about this later. About 90% of Q2 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog and we have one 10% customer. The weighted average duration of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was about 2.8 years. We continue to expect weighted average duration for FY14 to be approximately three years. Turning to expenses now, Q2 total GAAP cost and expenses were $454 million which included $32 million of amortization of intangible assets and $19 million of stock-based compensation. Q2 total non-GAAP cost and expenses were $393 million, slightly above our Q2 guidance due to the Coverity acquisition. Non-GAAP operating margin was 24% for the quarter and 23.4% for the first half of fiscal 2014. Turning now to earnings, GAAP earnings per share were $0.40, non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.65 exceeding our target range even with the $0.02 dilution from Coverity. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 19% for the quarter below our target due primarily to a more favorable geographic mix than forecasted. As a result, we think that the non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 21% is a reasonable estimate for FY14.  Now turning to our cash flow, during the quarter, we generated 112 million in cash from operations and are raising our operating cash flow target for the year to $450 million to $475 million. We ended the quarter with total debt of $290 million which includes $200 million from our revolver due to the Coverity acquisition. We also repaid $7.5 million of our outstanding term loan leaving a remaining balance of $90 million. During the quarter we purchased 628,000 shares of Synopsys stock for $25 million. During the first half of the fiscal year, we spent $80 million, repurchasing approximately 2.1 million shares and have $420 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. We ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of 822 million with 18% onshore and 82% offshore. DSO was 57 days reflecting strong business levels and the timing of invoices. We ended Q2 with approximately 9,100 employees with over one-third in lower cost geographies and approximately 325 of the additional employees were from our Q2 acquisitions. Now a couple of additional words about Coverity product sales. For reporting purposes you’ll notice we’ve adjusted our financial supplement to reflect the inclusion of Coverity products in an updated product group we call IP and software solutions. While we’re not breaking up Coverity product sales, we are on track with expected $20 million to $25 million of revenue in FY14 as we work through the deferred revenue haircut. Without the impact of deferred revenue haircut FY14 contribution from Coverity would have been approximately $24 million higher and would have been accretive on a non-GAAP basis in 2014. At closing Coverity had $69 million of deferred revenue of which 69% or $47 million will not be recognized due to standard purchase accounting. The majority of the haircut occurs in the first two years with a small amount extending beyond that. So as a result we continue to expect that Coverity will reach breakeven on a non-GAAP basis in the second half of 2015. At a corporate level, we continue to manage the company with a multi-year goal of high single-digit non-GAAP EPS growth, contributing that is core EDA revenue growth generally in the low to mid single-digits, IP and software solutions revenue growth generally in the low double-digits, operating margin in the mid 20s, exploration of value and expanding M&A and optimizing use of our strong cash flow through a balance of M&A stock buybacks and debt reduction. So now let’s address have third quarter and fiscal 2014 guidance which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For the third quarter of FY14 our targets are revenue between $515 million and $525 million. Total GAAP cost and expenses between $450.5 million and $471 million, which includes approximately $20 million of stock based compensation expense. Total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $400 million and $410 million. Other income and expense between $1 million and negative million, on a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 20%, outstanding shares between 155 and 159 million. GAAP earnings of $0.30 to $0.38 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $0.60 to $0.62 per share. Now our fiscal 2014 outlook. Revenue between $2.05 billion and $2.075 billion. Other income expense between $10 million and $12 million, non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 21%, outstanding shares between $155 million and $159 million. GAAP earnings per share of $1.55 to $1.68 which includes the impact of approximately $79 million in stock based compensation expense. Non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.45 to $2.50 reflecting the expected $0.10 to $0.13 dilution from Coverity partially offset by our Q2 over achievements. Return to capital expenditures to approximately $115 million and we’re now targeting cash flow from operation of $450 million to 475 million. So in summary we’re pleased with our very good second quarter financial performance and continued execution. With that I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And we’ll begin with the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company:  I had a question on ICC II, was hoping to get some sense of the potential financial impact from this. I was wondering first you could say if it’s a maintenance upgrade or if you’ll get incremental revenue when customers upgrade to it. And then how do you expect it to sort of roll out to your customer base? It sounds like general release in July but how would we expect this to roll out to your entire customer sort of timing and how that might affect bookings and revenue as we look out over the next couple of year?
Aart de Geus: First this is not the maintenance upgrade, this is a new product. The only refinement on that statement is that we have a number of customers that can have access to new technology provided that they buy off the price list at that point in time and so they can replace existing products with the new products which will bring new revenue opportunities for us. But also brings fabulous leverage for the customer because it is truly dramatically better. So from that perspective it is a product that’s priced higher but also valued much higher than what we have, which is arguably already the best on the market. Having said that the adoption rate I expect to be quite fast, because when you have that level of productivity improvement and of course we have tried to design it so that the changeover issues are very minimal, you can very quickly move to the new product. People that are on the constant pressure to get to better design sooner -- we are immediately intrigued by us, I think that’s why we have already lot of demand. Nonetheless, we will pay high degree of attention to make sure that the early customers do very well and get good results and are very well supported. And we do that with all new products and actually all new releases to make sure that we feather them in but the interest is certainly super high right now. 
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: Question on EVE, you have been fairly quiet about EVE since you bought it a bit ago and now you’ve done a lot of work, sort of integrating into verification compiler and you’ve got ZeBu 3 out, so just wondering; one, wouldn’t expect that there has been a lot of growth there, just due to last commentary that could be mistaken, so I would be happy to get your thoughts on that. But two, do you see that product is maybe reinvigorated and having a better sort of medium term growth outlook than it may be had in the past, your thoughts?
Aart de Geus: Excellent question; it’s actually one year - the absolute capabilities of the product itself, and -- multiple generations of this product, and two, the degree of integration in our offering. What we just announced this quarter was really the next generation of the product. So a product that is substantially faster again for substantially higher capacity; the integration has many-many ramifications. We actually did not say all that much about it. And we have made excellent progress there, but we have still more work to do. And I would say, stay tuned on what will be coming there because there are a lot of capabilities that will be leveraged by a much better degree of integration.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: Well enough, and Brian, question for you on the revenue guidance. At the risk of splitting hairs here, if you look at the midpoint of your old and new revenue guidance for the year, you are up $15 million you guided to $20 million to $25 million from Coverity, so you know that would imply sort of down $5 million to $10 million in the base business. Is that accurate math, and might sort of this rounding, just wanted to get your take on that.
Brian Beattie: I would look kind of, Rich, this is just a narrowing of the range, given again we had good momentum for the first six months. We feel very comfortable on our Outlook now with only six months left to go. We see a fact that our run rate is up, and it’s really effectively narrowing of the range, and again the Coverity piece is performing exactly as we expected, even slightly ahead in the first six weeks.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: Brain, just wanted to understand, you gave some nice color on Coverity sort of with and without deferred and that color suggested roughly 50% deferred haircut in the sort of seven-month contribution this year which seems quite high. Is there anything unusual about their business model and how do you view that level of deferred haircut relative sort of a typical acquisition in the type of business?
Brian Beattie: Yes, we see actually based on all the valuation and work that we did and our third parties did a 69% haircut on the overall deferred revenues that we acquired at the beginning of the company. As you know just the accounting rules are that you do get to keep the cost to generating that revenue going forward plus there is more margin, and in a way the good news is that the cost of ongoing is not that significant. And therefore the haircut at 69% is typically a little bit higher than what we would see. We also saw the deferred revenues being a little bit higher relative to the annual run rates in companies we have acquired in the past have had. Explaining those two factors have combined to slightly higher deferred revenue haircut than what we’ve seen in the past.
Operator: I’ll now go to the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch; please go ahead.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question, actually have a few of them. The IC COMPILER II definitely seems very interesting and exciting for you guys. Just trying to figure out, you guys don’t breakout your current IC COMPILER product which is probably part of your core EDA revenue. But do you think the IC COMPILER II could be $100 million revenue product next year?
Aart de Geus: Actually you said, you felt we don’t breakout the individual product, but there is no question that IC COMPILER will, I think fairly rapidly be added on top of IC COMPILER or replace a number of IC COMPILERS that are in utilization today because it has really the ability to do the same amount of work in literally a fraction of the time. And it is interesting by the way to see how different customers use the capability very differently. Some say, well, now I can go to market faster, but there are also quite a number that say, oh now because of that I can actually do more optimization and bring out some more area or some more speed and thus make my product either lower cost, lower silicon cost of higher performance, that’s higher differentiation. It’s always intriguing to see how when one provide something that is truly radically better; the ways that which it gets used is not always predictable. The reason am sharing this is because we have already very good evidence of the very good results from multiple customers and so I expect it to be phased into utilization very rapidly. From an economic point of view this is all part of our usual three year ratable model. And we expects and hope that this will utilize up a little faster the contracts that we have in place with customers and that’s always an opportunity to grow our business.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Got it Aart that’s very helpful and I just had a couple of more questions. The last earnings call you guys kind of like flick verity you guys didn’t done your full year revenue little bit because FinFET customers are seeing some kind of like push outs in the schedule. So I am kind of curious what the status is now do you think they’ve been working to the issues or do you think that it’s still going to be a while before you start seeing those revenues slowing for you?
Aart de Geus: No actually we see a lot of business around FinFET and partially because we are not just working with customers also part of putting place to their ecosystem that’s necessary in order to do advanced FinFET design and what I mean with that our the IP that is necessary around that and a number of the stores that are looking at the yields optimization. And so you’re absolutely right that a number of the providers of FinFET technology did a number of adjustments to their schedules but also to the competitiveness of their product. And so the race is absolutely on among the people providing the silicon and what we can see is that there typically two groups there is a group that is already moving massively to FinFET because they have either the super high volume or the technology needs of a very large transits account and low power and then there is a group that is saying well I am going to wait at 28 nanometer, which is exactly behaving as we have predicted already a year ago, and is going to be a big note, and then there are a number of people that even use older technologies but really squeeze them for economic benefit. And so it’s sort of advanced design at every node at this point in time but our tools have had big impact on all of these nodes because productivity enhancements lay everywhere. So from that perspective we see a lot of intense investments and a number of people essentially jockeying for being in the lead position from a technology point of view and this year we’ll see a lot of design.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Got it, that’s very helpful. And then the final question is that obviously there is a lot of M&A means the question I asked in the past in terms of capital allocation and you’re doing like I guess like minimum buybacks every quarter. Is this still the plan or is there a plan to get more aggressive on the buybacks or maybe consider dividend down the road?
Brian Beattie: Yeah, we’ve been very clear around for many years as the priority relative to our capital structure has been on new tam creation or value and earnings generation through M&A and we have put the balance sheet to work and particularly is we look at our past quarter with Coverity, we did spend total of about $368 million in our second quarter and also did a small buyback. So again our priorities are in that order of M&A first, buyback second and our debt repayment and that’s how we plan to continue to deploy and just look continue to look at all the options in front of us from quarter to quarter.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now go to the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Chase & Co: So in your prepared remarks you kind of talked about the pressure at the customers have in terms of the technology side but still being balanced within cost tranches I guess what I’d like to hear is in summary do you feel that your customers’ buying behavior or buying position is in a healthier position today than where it was with the at the end of last year?
Aart de Geus: Yeah, I think if you look at the chart that sort of look at semiconductor growth rates at variety of confidence meters they all look a little bit better than last year. I am maybe cautious just because I have seen so many of these for many years and so when we say they look a little bit better than means that A people are right now forecasting the second half of the year little bit higher growth in semiconductors and B the confidence send the access up by 3% or 4%. Now 3% to 4% when you’re below 50 or above 50 is all the difference between seeing good weather or bad weather and from that perspective I think that people do feel a little bit better but they are just as experienced as I am in terms of many years and so they remain careful because these all big decisions.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Chase & Co: Sure. Switching over to IC Complier II, how is the pricing of that compared to IC Complier on an apples-to-apples basis?
Aart de Geus: Well the IC Complier II is priced higher and there is a variety of prices because there is a variety of configuration of the system including different configuration for different computer situations and we don’t disclose all the details of that. But obviously we do it in such a fashion that the value that the customer get is many times higher than the increase in pricing so that at the end of the day hopefully both the customer and ourselves are happy campers in this equation and that’s they feel very compelled to moved to this new technology because it will have good impact on them. But this is clearly a case where there is no question that there is massively more value this is not an incremental 1.3x or 1.4x better which by the way we deliver at least every year, so we have always been on a fast treadmill. This is really an order of magnitude and that just changes the whole equation of utilization going forward.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co:  What portion of the IC complier installed base is not on a contract where they could trade into it by just buying the or paying the price differentials? So in other words, what portion of the IC complier installed base, if they do decide to move, would end up paying the full price?
Aart de Geus:  I actually don’t know the answer to that, my guess would be not all that many but in general that has never been an impairment for people to move or start spending more money, if there is more value. So, the ability to upgrade from IC complier one is often there in the contracts but the ability to upgrade from other products is really there.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co:  On Coverity, can you remind us what the contract structure is there, where I am typically wondering about how quickly the deferred revenue that you have written-off may come back into the income statement as you go through contract renewal?
Aart de Geus:  Well, the first comment would be and this was part of the earlier question of, so why is the haircut bigger than what we normally see on company. Well, this was a company that was very aggressively trying to use the revenue as soon as possible in order to be able to invest in high growth. This is a great opportunity space and we will continue to try to do that at the same time we have very disciplined typically three year contract horizon. We are in the process of learning what is actually the optimal contract configuration for Coverity, as they are in the different space, software people do behave differently. And one of the reasons we are cautious before we make a lot of changes to their business is because we want to first learn what they have done to do it so well and if there are improvements or if there are things that we can apply that we have learned in our ability to scale, is we should certainly apply those because this is business that is eminently scalable.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co:  Last question, will you maintain or expand the Coverity sales force because it sounds like it’s a different touch point even within your existing customers to sale that?
Aart de Geus:  Well we will certainly retain all the sales people. We have some very, very good people there. How we structure it is precisely part of the decision process between now and the end of our fiscal year because that’s sort of a natural point to decide to what extent we integrate or not and maybe sophisticated path in the middle to take advantage of some of the practices that have been particularly good at and take advantage of some of the brand position and the company position at Synopsys is on a worldwide basis that is much more comprehensive. So, maybe it’s a long answer to say, we don’t know the answer to your question yet because we are in the process of rapidly learning.
Operator:  We will now go to line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yes, good afternoon. I guess first small question for Brian, when you look at the EPS upside in the quarter despite the slight negative impact of Coverity. Was the upside primarily driven by taxes or was there another component that was quite beneficial?
Brian Beattie :  Well our revenues came in very strong in a quarter towards the higher end of what we have anticipated, so that helped us out as well. The spending, again as we are managing towards that EPS number for this year, even with a little bit of headwind, we have talked about back in Q1, we are still committed to making that earnings per share that we have addressed earlier. So, we have been watching our expenses very closely. And then the third point is as you mentioned, our tax rate and the geographic mix which does take into account the impact of our acquisitions and where they are located has provided a favorable geographical mix of our pretax income. And of course we have to catch up in our second quarter on a year-to-date basis to make that entry as well. So, all that contributed to very attractive tax rate for us and we see that in terms of very attractive tax rate for the entire 2014. So, overall that’s how we contributed. We had a great start to the year to get us on track and you can see that confidence in the full year guidance.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then when you look at your cash level, I think you mentioned that it was 18% onshore. Is there a minimum level of cash you would like to have onshore when considering your potential acquisitions or share repurchasing?
Brian Beattie :  Yes, there is Tom. We actually used that this past quarter, so we have about a $120 million of tax in the U.S. and that is healthy amount based on any of our commitments that we have elsewhere. So, that’s the kind of a $120 million is a good minimum U.S. onshore tax rate and for the purposes of the acquisition again very specific purpose. We borrowed a very low cost interest rate of about 1.3% and we are able to use that to leverage up the capabilities in the company. And again, our discipline is traditionally to pay that off over some period of time probably by the end of the year and again we will see our U.S. balance growing up a little bit.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.:   Okay. Are you seeing…
Aart de Geus: I think he meant cash rates right Brian, cash rate not tax rate.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yes.
Aart de Geus:  That 120 million tax rate, you meant cash.
Brian Beattie :  In the cash.
Aart de Geus:  Sorry.
Brian Beattie :  Cash dollars yes.
Aart de Geus:  We are team here.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And have you seen a potential for more offshore type acquisitions out there most of which you look at is U.S. based?
Aart de Geus: No we look at many things all the time and as you can imagine we don’t communicate much about that ahead of times. But if you take not that long ago we did two major acquisitions off shore, one was SpringSoft the other was EVE and so the reality of worldwide taxation is such that we do distinguish between the different locations of the cash and we have to take that into account when we plan forward.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: But you see plenty of other candidates out there that are on offshore basis?
Aart de Geus: One never sees plenty, one look at plenty and look at many bite you.
Aart de Geus: Tom we did three deals overall in Q2 and one significant one was U.S. based but the other two were in Europe, so again we continue to see opportunities for investing outside the country as well.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay great. And then when you look at the IP part of the business, have you seen an increase in competition in that space since you guys like Cadence have got little more aggressive?
Aart de Geus: Well anytime there is more competition one sees that immediately and we consider that just part of a market that is actually growing very well. And so in that context Synopsys continues to do well and last quarter was a very good example of that. But competition just tries the state of the art forward faster and that is part of why we’re an extraordinary industry.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: It sounds like there is some pretty strong growth in the next couple of years as the industry moves towards more of an outsourced model. Beyond that do you see the actual IP market itself growing or is it mainly just the outsourcing portion of it that’s the growth driver?
Aart de Geus: Well that’s an excellent question because obviously initially it is outsourcing and we Synopsys have already seen multiple different ways from outsourcing stuff that anybody could design to outsourcing things that are reasonably difficult to design and where it really becomes a build versus buy decision for the customer to now outsourcing blocks that are extremely complex to build. And then on top of that extremely complex to build on the most advanced silicon technology. And so in that sense some of the Synopsys intellectual property is highly differentiated already today. So that itself is half of the answer because as people outsource more things, they also now increasingly get access to building blocks that previously would not have been able to build themselves, and I think that changes a bit the very nature of design especially in light that many of these building blocks themselves are sort of almost mini computers and therefore they come with embedded software and the opportunity for the customer to differentiate themselves more and more with the layers of software on top of that. That all sounds maybe a little complex but complexity is precisely what feeds certainly Synopsys business. And so the IP I think is a great contributor towards the next decade of very sophisticated chip design.
Operator: And we’ll now go to line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest:  The first question is on IC Compiler II with the IC Compiler II you have been -- nicely have been able to drive higher value for Synopsys with this new version of the tool. So do you think as you release the new version of the other tools in the simulation market prototype other segments that you could also drive higher value than previous generation of those tools?
Aart de Geus: Well that has been our life long objective of course as a company, in many if you look back for just a second I think it’s fair to say that Synopsys is certainly one of the reasons Moore’s law has prospered so well on the design side we have continued to support it. Going forward we absolutely see at least another decade of continuation of complexity and that involves doing exactly what we just did with all these tools, which is dramatic new improvement in light of sophisticated new technology challenges coming our way. And so just to clarify also an answer from earlier, many of our customers when they buy into one of our advanced tools, such as IC Compiler they really buy into Synopsys. And the assurance that they will be able to stay up to date and in many cases they do contracts that allow them to get the next version of the tool. And of course if there is a change in price for the next version of the tool they will have to pay for that difference. But it makes it for a smooth outlook and a high degree of assurance to have low risk transitions and get the best technology at any point in time. This applies not only tow the implementations though it absolutely applies also the verification flow and with verification Compiler this is another example of fairly radical new improvement while at the same time putting together multiple capabilities at originally were partially available only in isolation, so individual products. And from a value point of view this is a very high value because if you use a simulator and you want to very quickly debunk something simulate again maybe verify some of the aspects by using the verification IP. This is all available in one product that granted will be more expensive than just a simulator but from a value per price ratio is enormously attractive for the customer so fundamentally our job is to -- pardon the expression techonomically both the technical and economic match more as well everybody of the week and so far we’ve done that.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest: Thanks. I think we should now have on the EVE -- is it the hardware upgrade or is it software upgrade? And then could talk about what do you think is the installed base of EVE and do you think those people now since you have a new generation of the tool will upgrade that? And maybe you could -- sorry go ahead.
Aart de Geus: Sure, so the EVE ZeBu Server-3 is a complete new hardware machine. Now with the hardware comes in an enormous amount of software because this is -- this is very complex device that essentially maps the design that one wants to simulate on the internal hardware structure of that machine. And so the upgrades of both hardware and software but this is truly a new machine. Now a number of people essentially when they add machines, they decide which generation they want to add and mostly people will gravitate fairly quickly to the most advanced machines because they’re too the value per price invariably is the best ratio. We see an opportunity to sell more and actually you’ve heard from my preamble that we have already a number of customers that are moving in that direction.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest: Maybe could you take a stab at where do you think your market share in emulation can be? I mean it has lagged to the other two guys of the market.
Aart de Geus: Yes, we’ve never disclosed installed base or market share. At this point in time, we’re clearly the number three in the markets so that’s another way of say there is a lot of opportunity. 
Operator: Okay, we’ll now to line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Thanks. Good afternoon. Aart a geographic question for you first. Would it be fair to say that the very substantial sequential and year-over-year increase in Asia-Pac revenues were highly correlated to the increase you saw in your IT and software solutions business. And if that was the case, do you think that the disproportionate growth or consumption of IT is Asia-Pac can continue? Also in that part of the world do you may recall that a quarter ago we talked about the possibility that Japan might be bottoming for EDA though that’s not yet ready to inflect higher but in the quarter you saw further decline in the Japan business, was that currency for the structural weakness or what you’re thinking now about some possible bottoming for EDA in that part of the world?
Aart de Geus: Sure, so let me take them in reverse order. Japan actually it is not a decline of our business. The numbers that you see here are currency related. Now there is no question that Japan is sort of going through the hopefully the end of the their two last decades because enormous amount of change happening in the country in general and specifically in the high tech and semiconductor markets you see number of consolidations you see a number of things changing. Synopsys is now particularly well there and we expect that to continue and certainly hope that the technical talent that’s in Japan will find now a renewal phase given that their sophistication is actually quite high and connecting more to the world market is really the opportunity there. Talking about Asia-Pac, I think there are many elements there because Asia-Pac of course on one hand is a number of countries that have been highly technical for many years specifically Taiwan and Korea. And now at same time have China becoming a larger and larger in terms of its role of utilization but also in developments of chips and absorption of chips domestically. And so that country of course has come later to the high tech market and what we invariably see when new countries come to any field is that they almost immediately start on whatever the latest design methodology is. So there the question was not so much outsourcing of design one used to do it’s just outsourcing periods meaning you start write away with building blocks that are commercially available and one grows firm there. And so I think the opportunity space is very good for us there as we expect that market will continue to grow and it’s on mythologies that’s Synopsys has a lot to offer in. And so I think that AP will be - continues to be a strong market.
Operator: Can you still hear? Okay then our last set of questions then will come from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Brian, question on the offshore cash. What is your plan for that? My question more specifically, what do you expect the tax law changes to happen -- what do expect in terms of tax changes over the next couple of years and how does your strategy with the offshore cash change with that?
Aart de Geus: As I think earlier in terms of M&A opportunities and growth outside of the United States, we believe our cash that is outside this country will remain there permanently. We have 100% permanent reinvestment position on the tax side and that is just where we will keep that offshore and we can borrow domestically at a lower cost than what we have, but it also to point out there is not a significant amount of cash offshore we’re talking $600 million to $700 million and we would expect that to continue there under the current tax regime.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Then one question for Aart in terms of your assumption for the core EDA growth of 3% to 5% where is that -- what are you assumption on that growth? Are you assuming the number of seats increasing or the content increasing? Can you elaborate on that one and maybe also talk about why can’t we get a higher growth rate considering the rising complexity and consolidated supply base? I would think that you should be able to get better growth rate than what you’re forecasting for core EDA?
Aart de Geus: Okay let me go backward on that on the growth rate first. I think it’s always little bit difficult to predict exactly where this ends up, but clearly we are for the core of that business inside of the semiconductor industry and so the semiconductor industry now 3-4 years in a row has had the growth rate of 2% to 3%. So in that sense we are getting a bigger share of that value change than our semiconductor customers at times. And that is the heart of where some of this challenges are it’s not a question of can we offer more value and make more difference and I think overtime there is certainly an opportunity for EDA to continue to grow a higher rate than semiconductors. If we look at where the value goes, I think the number of design seats will grow gradually partially because in Asia-Pac for the earlier question there will be more and more designers coming on board. But mostly the value goes into higher degree of absorption of multiple copies of the same tools for the same engineer and that’s mostly limited by the cost of the hardware to run it on. And so that sort of the balance of the equation, now I would add one more thing for us which is new and in the few quarters will gradually I think communicate more to you as we learn more is the fact that for the first time in our existence are certainly in our recently existence - we have a dramatically broader potential customer base. Meaning people we’ve never talked to and that is because as we enter or as we know have entered with the leadership position in the quality test and security verification of software. We are talking too many companies that do software that is not visibly liked to semiconductors because they’re running things on the computers. Now you can argue computers are semiconductors but the fact is most of those people do extremely complex project with all the challenges of errors and bugs and maintenance and you have what not and they are now needing increasingly the same level of quality that semiconductors have needed already 20 years ago. And so from that perspective, our outlook is going to be positively enhanced by the fact that first time we can talk to the customers that we have never met in the first place. So there is also a lot of learning but also opportunity.
Operator: Thank you. Please continue.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think we’re at the top of the hour which is sort of our cutoff point. Thank you so much for attending our earnings release. I hope that you took away that we have the strong results with a lot of exciting moving parts specifically great-great advances on the technology side and a broadening of the total TAM that Synopsys is looking at. And those are certainly exciting developments looking at our future and we hope to have your support going forward. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 4 p.m. today through June 4th at midnight. You may access the AT&T Teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 326039. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844. Those numbers are again 1-800-475-6701 or 1-320-365-3844 with an access code of 326039. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using AT&T’s Executive Conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-02-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Lisa Ewbank – VP, IR Aart de Geus – Chairman and Co-CEO Brian Beattie – CFO
Analysts:  Richard Valera – Needham & Company, LLC Krish Sankar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Thomas Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co. Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2014. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions].Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone. With us on the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. Today’s conference call will include commentary regarding our Q1 fiscal 2014 results and also the definitive agreement to acquire Coverity, both of which we announced this afternoon. Before we begin, I’d like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results, our expectations about the timing and likelihood of closing the acquisition and about the potential benefits of a culmination. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, today’s earnings press release and our press release announcing the definitive agreement to acquire Coverity. All financial information to be discussed on this conference call, the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, the earnings press release and the financial supplement that we released today. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I’ll turn the call over to, Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I’m happy to report that we began fiscal 2014 with a strong Q1. We met or beat every target we communicated last quarter, we made excellent progress preparing for a number of important product announcements over the next couple of months, and half an hour ago, we announced Synopsys’ entry into the software quality, testing and security tools market through the acquisition of Coverity. Before introducing you to this major move, let me first summarize our results. We delivered revenue of $479 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.59. For the year, we’re tuning guidance on the revenue side, raising operating margin and reiterating our non-GAAP earnings per share targets. Our guidance excludes any impact of the Coverity acquisition. Looking at the semiconductor landscape around us, there is remarkably little change in our customers’ cautious behavior. While there are clearly a number of companies that are doing noticeably better than others, on average, the various confidence metrics continue to show uncertainty while technology advances continue unabated. These economic and technical challenges drive companies to be cautious in their spending, demanding in their needs, and in some cases, to consolidate their businesses with others for efficiency and market position. While none of these pressures are new, the length of this period of uncertainty is notable in light of the continued intense drive for state-of-the-art design to meet unforgiving market windows. Fortunately for Synopsys, the technical and time-to-market pressures make great EDA and IP solutions absolutely essential for success. In Q1 we were the beneficiary of this trend, with one of the top global fabless companies increasing its spending with us through a substantial broadening of product adoptions, which brings me to some highlights, starting with core EDA. From a technology perspective, our leadership in advanced design, including FinFET transistors, is evident. As we’ve often reported, we track the first 450 to 500 designs at each emerging process node. This quarter, we see 20/22 nanometer designs increasing somewhat, and a definite acceleration of activities at 14/16 nanometer, driven by the quest for substantial performance, low power and area benefits. Our design platform is relied on for nearly 90% of the 20/22 nanometer and below projects. This is not by accident, as our TCAD 3D simulation of process and transistor devices is used well ahead of these technologies becoming available to the design community. This early modeling information, an increasingly comprehensive collection of IP, ranging from logic libraries, to memory blocks, to advanced interfaces; and a complete set of digital and analog/mixed signal design tools, makes Synopsys the solution of choice for FinFET design. Indeed, through our customers, we see how FinFET-based chips will impact a growing number of products entering the market in late 2014 and significantly in 2015. This rapid advance in chip complexity brings enormous challenges to designers, but also to the core design tools. Please stay tuned this quarter for Synopsys to launch a major new capability in design tools. The outcome of many years of work, we have demonstrated excellent results with early partners, and I’m looking forward to discussing the impact later in the quarter. Moving to verification, we see an even bigger need for solution breadth and productivity increases. Be it in simulation, emulation, prototyping, verification IP, or debugging, the complexity challenge is growing faster than Moore’s law. With approximately 70% of advanced digital designs counting on Synopsys tools, and virtually all of the top semiconductor companies relying on our analog circuit simulation, we’re driving a very promising solution. Over the last 12 months, we’ve made excellent progress towards building our next-generation verification platform based on both organic development and acquired technology. This quarter, we intend to roll out our long-term verification vision, introduce two major new products, and deliver a unique set of productivity improvements resulting from our massive integration investments. Now to IP and systems, where demand is strong. In Q1, we launched a number of new products, including an ultra-low power, non-volatile memory for internet-of-things applications, and a multiprotocol 12-gig SERDES for the data center market. In the Ultra high-definition TV space, Realtek, Synopsys and UMC announced first-pass silicon success of an award-winning chip utilizing Synopsys IP, tools, and professional services. Meanwhile, our customers continue to adopt our USB solutions, which are now shipping in many millions of chips. For example, Microsoft uses our USB 3.0 IP in the Xbox One game console. In an industry first, we also demonstrated the next-generation USB 3.1 controller at CES in Las Vegas. It delivers end-to-end transfers of 10 gigabits per second. This is twice the data rate of USB 3.0. Our customers will be designing the new USB standard into products over the next year, and as contributors to the development of the spec, we already have IP ready to go at these early stages. As mentioned earlier, our FinFET footprint is rapidly widening, with releases of key FinFET optimized IP titles at several foundry processes. As we grow in IP, customers are signing up for larger and more wide-ranging agreements and several that include some technologies still in development. Because of this, as well as the timing of orders in 2014, we’re seeing a slightly different profile than planned of how and when IP bookings translate to revenue. This results in a small amount of 2014 revenue now being scheduled in 2015, and while our annual bookings plan remains unchanged, we’re tuning our ‘14 revenue outlook slightly down. Consequently, we’ll drive ops margin slightly higher and maintain non-GAAP EPS guidance. From a multi-year perspective, we continue to see IP and systems as a low-double-digit growth space. On the system side of this business, our FPGA-based and virtual prototyping products did particularly well during the quarter. While rewarding, this is not a surprise, as many of our customers are significantly increasing their focus on the simultaneous development and verification of hardware and software. Which naturally brings me to the very important announcement we made today. Synopsys is entering the emerging software quality, test, and security market. While this market is directly adjacent to our present position, it simultaneously extends to customers that Synopsys had no interaction with in the past. Today, we announced that we have signed a definitive agreement to acquire Coverity, the leading provider of software quality, testing and security tools. The $375 million transaction, which is approximately $350 million net of their cash, will be funded with a combination of U.S. cash and debt. Subject to HSR regulatory review and other customary conditions, we expect to close the transaction in our fiscal Q2. Coverity fits well with the Synopsys high-tech, customer-obsessed DNA. Its 300 employees have built a solid business, with 2013 revenue of approximately 75 million in a recurring revenue model, and an average growth rate of 20% per year. The acquisition is important for two reasons: First, it’s a natural adjacency and expansion of our total addressable market within our existing customers that are seeing growing amounts of software embedded in their products, and an ever-increasing number of engineers dedicated to that task; Second, the market for software quality extends well beyond the semiconductor industry to all software developers in all industries, thus opening a long-term growth opportunity beyond our existing customer base, in a fast growing market we don’t address today. Let me quantify the opportunity. IDC today places Coverity as number 1 in the Software Quality Analysis and Measurement market segment, currently at approximately $500 million, with estimated 2017 market revenue of nearly $1 billion. We believe the increasingly complex development and deployment environments, including mobile, cloud, and embedded, could drive the CAGR to 20% or more in the next few years. As we’ve discussed previously, today’s electronics are differentiated by a combination of chip design and, increasingly, software. Semiconductor companies today typically hire more software than hardware engineers, and the importance of software goes well beyond the semiconductor space. With more than six million professional software developers in the world writing at least 60 million lines of code every day, productivity, quality and security tools serve a rapidly growing market. Traditional techniques for testing code, many of which have not changed for decades, are no longer sufficient. In that regard, Coverity is a leader in a new age of software development tools. The company spun out of a Stanford research project 10 years ago, pioneered a disruptive technology that finds defects by inspecting the code itself, rather than running the code and waiting for bugs to appear. This allows developers to fix quality or security defects early in the process. Since early fixes are relatively cheap compared to discovering defects in final quality assurance or, even worse, shipping defective software, the economic benefit of this technology spans cost, quality of end product, and time-to- market. Coverity has built an impressive customer base, large, global companies such as Adobe, SAP, Samsung Electronics, Citrix, Dassault Systems, Panasonic, Raytheon, Expedia, and Comcast use Coverity today. Its customer base of more than 1,000 includes; nine of the top 10 software companies, eight of the top 10 global brands, six of the top 10 semiconductor companies, and seven of the top 10 aerospace and defense companies. As a matter of fact, Synopsys itself has been a Coverity customer for almost a decade, and for the past several years, we have mandated that Coverity be run on all of our software. Bringing the two companies together has the potential to create incremental revenue opportunities in a couple of ways; one, through increased sales to current Synopsys semiconductor and systems customers. While these customer logos overlap, Coverity tools are sold to different buyers and different budget. Two, using Synopsys’ broader reach and brand to increase penetration in industries new to Synopsys, and where Coverity has only just begun to serve; applications software, financial services, banking and trading platforms, government services, and basically any industry using software to power their operations. In addition, we see a pathway to expanding even further into this space, and building a substantial presence over the years, similar to what we did first with EDA, then IP. Coverity will be managed by John Chilton, one of our most senior executives who is well known to many of our investors, and who built our IP organization from the early stages. We’ll integrate Coverity carefully into Synopsys, taking advantage of opportunities to leverage Synopsys’ reach, while utilizing the already-successful practices and perspective of the Coverity team. In summary, we delivered strong results in Q1. During Q2 and through the next 12 months, we’ll be launching compelling new technology in both core design and verification. And we’re excited to embark on our new journey as we complete the acquisition of Coverity. I’ll now turn the call over to, Brian Beattie.
Brian Beattie: Thank you, Aart and good afternoon everyone. In my comments today I will summarize our financial results for the quarter, provide you with our guidance for Q2 and the full year of 2014, and provide some financial details of the Coverity transaction. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. As Aart highlighted, in the quarter we continued to execute well, meeting or exceeding all of the quarterly financial targets that we provided in December. In addition, business levels were strong. We repurchased $55 million worth of Synopsys stock and our balance sheet remains healthy. Total revenue increased slightly to 479 million, well within our target range. About 90% of Q1 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog and one customer accounted for just over 11% of first quarter revenue. The weighted average duration of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was about 2.6 years. We continue to expect average duration for FY14 to be approximately three years. Turning to expenses, Q1 total GAAP costs and expenses were 419 million, which included 28 million of amortization of intangible assets and 18 million of stock-based compensation. Q1 total non-GAAP costs and expenses were 370 million, down 6% sequentially and slightly below our target range, driven primarily by timing of quarterly expenses, including some delayed hiring, along with overall cost control. Non-GAAP operating margin was 23% for the quarter. For all of FY14, we currently expect non-GAAP operating margins to increase over FY13 levels by about 100 basis points. We continue to focus on operational efficiency and this year we will adjust our planned expense levels slightly to achieve our targeted FY14 non-GAAP earnings. Turning now to earnings, GAAP earnings per share were $0.43. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.59, which was above our target range. So now looking at our cash flow, as expected, there was a Q1 net operating cash outflow of 74 million, due primarily to the timing of our prior year annual incentive compensation payments. We continue to target operating cash flow of 425 million to 450 million in FY14. We repaid $7.5 million of our outstanding term loan, leaving a remaining balance of $98 million. During the quarter we purchased about $1.4 million shares of Synopsys stock for $55 million and we have approximately $445 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. As a result, we ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of 893 million, with 32% onshore and 68% offshore. DSO was 47 days and we ended Q1 with approximately 8,690 employees, with about one third in lower-cost geographies. Now turning to the Coverity acquisition. As Aart mentioned, we anticipate funding the acquisition with a combination of U.S. cash and debt, the specifics of which will be determined over the next several weeks leading up to the close. Coverity generated approximately $75 million of revenue in 2013, is roughly breakeven on a non-GAAP basis, and is slightly cash flow positive. While we will not update our specific guidance until after we close the transaction, at this point we would expect its revenue contribution to be approximately $20-25 million in 2014, and increase substantially in 2015 as we work through the deferred revenue haircut. Our aspiration is to grow revenue in this space to more than $100 million over the next two years. Now due primarily to the impact of purchase accounting and the associated deferred revenue haircut, we expect the acquisition to be approximately $0.10 dilutive on a non-GAAP basis in FY14, reach breakeven in the second half of 2015, and be accretive in 2016. Now without the impact of the deferred revenue haircut, we would expect that the acquisition would be accretive in 2014 and beyond. So now let’s address our second quarter and fiscal 2014 guidance. None of this guidance includes the impact of the agreement we announced today to purchase Coverity. After the acquisition closes, which we expect to occur in our second quarter, we intend to provide updated guidance. So for the second quarter of FY14, our targets are; revenue between 505 million and 515 million. Recall that there is increased variability in quarterly revenue, driven by factors such as sales volatility in emulation and prototyping hardware, which generates upfront revenue, timing of IP consulting projects and royalties, and certain contracts where revenue is recognized when customer installment payments are due. We continue to expect a revenue model that’s approximately 90 % time-based. Total GAAP costs and expenses between 422 million and 444 million, which includes approximately 19 million of stock-based compensation expense. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between 377 million and 387 million; other income and expense between 0 million and $1 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 24%; outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million; GAAP earnings of $0.33 per share to $0.41 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $0.60 per share to $0.62 per share. Now our fiscal 2014 outlook, again, excluding the impact of Coverity; revenue of 2.03 billion to 2.065 billion, which reflects the timing and profile of IP revenue that Aart mentioned. Other income and expense between 8 million and 11 million; non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 24%; outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million; GAAP earnings per share of $1.72 to $1.83, which includes the impact of approximately $77 million in stock-based compensation expenses. We are reiterating non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.55 to $2.60; capital expenditures of approximately $130 million; and we continue to target cash flow from operations of 425 million to 450 million. And finally, to assist in your modeling, second half revenue is expected to be a bit higher than our first half revenue, with Q4 higher than both Q2 and Q3, which are similar. At this point, we expect total non-GAAP expenses to be skewed slightly towards the second half of the year. So in summary, we’ve achieved another quarter of solid financial performance and execution. And with that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions]. First, we’ll go to Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company, LLC: Thank you. Good afternoon, gentlemen and congratulations on the transaction.
Aart de Geus: Thank you, Rich.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company, LLC: So first just wanted to clarify in terms of the expectations for Coverity ex – any deferred I mean so you had 75 million baseline sounds like in ‘13. So ex-deferred revenue effect you would have expected that revenue to be about 20% higher in ‘14 is that an accurate statement?
Brian Beattie: No we’re not giving what’s the estimate, we’re just saying based on not having a deferred revenue haircut and looking back at what 2013 looked like, it would be accretive if we didn’t have to do a pretty significant typical deferred revenue haircut. The key there Rich is there is about 75 million of deferred revenue that we will anticipate acquiring when the deal is approved, and again just very typical deferred revenue haircut. We think it’d be close to about 80% of that would be lost in the accounting treatment. So we just want to highlight that if we didn’t do that, we would be actually in breakeven immediately for ‘14.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company, LLC: You mentioned it was a recurring revenue model is it a SaaS like model or is it more of the typical subscription that you currently do with your customers?
Aart de Geus: It’s more like typical subscription license model.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company, LLC: Gotcha.
Brian Beattie: And very similar to ours as well.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company, LLC: Gotcha. And just trying to think about how you’re thinking about this from a sort of synergy perspective, Aart. I mean as you mentioned a lot of overlap in customers from the high level corporate standpoint, but clearly very different groups. And I would think you’d kind of need different people calling on them so I’m just wondering do you envision sales synergies here or do you really view this as kind of – is it somewhat separate operation that let you get more wallet share within some of your big customers as well as other customers outside your traditional domain?
Aart de Geus: That’s an excellent question because we are very much looking at this. I think the first thing we have to do is really learn well how they did it. Obviously, we have experience dealing with these large customers. We have a lot of experience doing very large transactions, but we also know that sometimes it’s very good to be able to sell different budgets to different people under different premise. And so, we will be quite careful before we integrate too forcefully, because Coverity clearly did a number of things very well as they grew their initial market presence. But there is benefit of being able to go to these large companies and already have a strong brand. They may be the second comment and why I’m personally so ecstatic about this is that on one hand, it’s absolutely adjacent. And I can say that many ways because you have seen us invest a lot in number of years in tools that all are heading towards this hardware software interaction. And of course, we know very well that our customers up to market are embedding more and more software on chips themselves are multi-prophesying, little miracles of silicon. And so right there, there is a degree of complexity that is entering the software world that used to be very well known in hardware for many years but now is really starting to play there. At the same time, beyond this adjacency, software of course is a broad term and in many of the end applications financial systems to take just one example, you can see that the complexity and the security is becoming a very real issue. And so being able to apply A, the newer techniques that Coverity has pioneered, but B potentially over time to bring some of the techniques that EDA has pioneered, I think it’s just very promising, but it’s going to be rolled over for discovery. So want to be careful to not overemphasize the future, but I think again in the short term this is just a fabulous extension for Synopsys.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company, LLC: Great. That’s helpful. And just wanted to follow up on your trimming up your revenue guidance for – I guess it sounds like pushed out IP revenue. First want to clarify that the revenue from your non-IP businesses unchanged that’s what I would sort of infer from your comments. And then just hoping you could give me some color on, why your customers are pushing out these projects and kind of how this sort of changed relative to your original expectations?
Aart de Geus: Yeah so, on the core tools the picture has not changed where it’s always very difficult to exactly predict what one will do four quarters from now. In general, I don’t think that we would say anything fundamental has changed. On the IP and actually some of the other products that tend to be much more turn oriented, meaning you do a transaction and you will turn that some of that transaction to revenue within 12 months. About a quarter of the Synopsys business falls into that category, which is by definition always make a little bit more noise on how to predict that transition. In that context, the IP deals have become more complex and are relying on a broader set of products, some of which gets delivered when the customer wants them. And the very fact that they predict that they will want something this year or next year is a function of where they are going, and some of it is predicated on when the development is finished. And the positive in that is that a number of customers are really relying quite heavily for us on all the FinFET technologies and those have their own timeline. And so as we did our own modeling which we do on a continual basis, looking forward with all these it became clear that tuning the revenue a little bit was the right thing to do. At the same time, we have said many times we focus on the earnings per share and so we manage that company for that commitment.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company, LLC: That’s helpful color. Thank you, Aart.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Next we’ll go to line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yeah hi. Thanks for taking my question. Brian, I just wanted to clarify one thing did you say that the goal for Coverity is to go to over 200 million or was it 100 million in two years?
Brian Beattie: It was 100 million over the next two years, Krish.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right. And then one other question I want to find out was, it seemed like if you used your onshore cash to push this transaction, you’ll be left with like almost no onshore cash. So this assumes that buybacks are going to cease at this point or?
Brian Beattie: No, let me help you clarify. First of all, we’re looking at funding this with our onshore U.S. cash as well as debt and the exact balance of that is something we’re working through as the deal closes. And we’ll let you know what that ultimate breakdown is in the next within the next quarter as we close this transaction. And so again that is access in using our line of credit which we’ve had in place for over a year. And that is totally available for these types of transactions. And then on the question of buyback, it really comes up to the same position we’ve had. We said from the use of cash that M&A is our number one priority and that stays consistent and that’s in line with its announcement that we made today. Secondly, as far as buybacks that’s another option we’ll continue to evaluate, continue to look at the best use of our cash relative to M&A relative to other buybacks, relative to paying off a little bit of our debt and we balance all those things altogether. So, that’s where we balance and I’ll give you the details over the next quarter of how much this will be using U.S cash and how we’ll be using our line of credit to help fund it.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. That’s very helpful. And then final question from my end on your emulation business, the EVE business what kind of goals do you have for this year? Do you expect revenues from the business to increase, double any kind of color on that will be helpful?
Aart de Geus: Well we never disclose individual products, but clearly we see this as an opportunity to grow our business and our company overall. Most importantly, we also see it as a key ingredient in our verification strategy and a lot of the technical effort right now is focused on the integration of that product line with all the other technologies that we have. Stay tuned there will be more information coming out about that specifically in not too distant future, and it’s clearly a field that continues to evolve very rapidly.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks, Aart. Thanks Brian.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Next we’ll go the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah good afternoon. First a question when you talked about how you’re trimming the revenues a little bit raising the margin, what are the dynamics behind the margin going up higher than you initially had them?
Aart de Geus: Well that’s called management. The fact that we, to the best of our ability set a plan for the year and then during the year, we continually readjust that. And of course at any point in time, there are many variables that go in sometimes only you can have fluctuations in currency exchange for example, and we’ve seen a plenty of that in the last few years. You can see that some product lines move faster than others, in other words, there is variability. The reason we have always communicated to you the first variable to be the earnings per share, specifically the non-GAAP earnings per share, is that it’s sort of our way to say, hey we will do our best to rebalance if any of these variables for whatever reason, changes. And so in this case, we make sure that we’re focusing on driving the ops margin by controlling the expenses or looking at the growth of our population for example, we are growing company, so there is many things we can do there. But it is a proactive act of management and it is good to see that as a team we can align behind that but very quickly as it is indicated.
Thomas Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. So simply if you have a lower IP level IP’s lower margin that helps your margin overall?
Aart de Geus: No, no I wouldn’t go at it from that angle. At any point in time, any of our businesses we always like to do more business. So don’t worry about your variable levels of profitability of any of our products. In general, as long as product is positive it’s a good thing for the company. Now having said that, when we look at variances or rebalancing of the products ever slightly so, we still look at the aggregate expenses for the company. And if not at all with that thing from time to time to focus on that because one can always find things in the drawer that’s one hasn’t thought spending money on. And that is exactly what we have been doing and that’s why we were able to do this point in time guide for the same earnings per share guidance that we had in the beginning of the year.
Thomas Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. All right. And then looking at Coverity, and maybe I missed this earlier, but on a longer term basis do you see Coverity as still standalone product separate from EDA or do you integrate that technology into your EDA tools?
Aart de Geus: Yes and yes, I guess it’s probably the best answer, because at this point in time there is no question that with some of our existing customers, there is technology that will be of interest coming in from Coverity. At the same time, my hope is that many of the deep algorithms that we have pioneered in the hardware world for many, many years will also be of high value to Coverity’s products then applied to a much broader set of potential customers. And so the reason we are cautious on stating too strongly how we want to integrate is because we are facing very interesting new market for us, growth market that we want to learn as much as possible from the Coverity team. And then of course, hopefully bring some of the experiences at Synopsys had over the years to benefits of accelerating the penetration in that market.
Thomas Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then may be one more question on IP, when you look at it from a broad based, are you starting to see more overlap with companies like Cadence or other IP vendors or is there still really the internal production that you’re trying to displace?
Aart de Geus: It’s in the internal that is the biggest opportunity space for us. This is a growing market and as I think I mentioned in the preamble that we see the growth rate on multi-year basis really not having changed for us. There is lots of opportunities with customers that have probably barely outsourced 50% of the building blocks that are easily outsourceable. So there are space to do things there. And the other thing is that with the increasing complexity of these blocks, I think we’re going to see more customers that actually if they wanted to, can no longer do them themselves. And so, that in itself over time will provide good opportunity for us.
Thomas Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. But customers are cautious right now with spending, does that make it easier or harder to sell IP? If they look into decrease your cost structure or is it you just don’t want to spend any money?
Aart de Geus: It’s an interesting question because in general, you would all would say when customers are not cautious they spend more money, but it’s hard to point to the years where customers are not to some degree cautious. And IP outsourcing is particularly interesting because more often than not actually customers come at this from an economic perspective rather than technical perspective, because outsourcing IP 10 years ago was absolutely taboo. Today, it’s actually a great way to accelerate the product development with state-of-the art blocks, that otherwise would be difficult to do for them and not necessarily be differentiated. In other words, they would have to spend their most competent engineering time on it, without necessarily getting differentiation. So, we’ve seen in various downturns that each one of those brings about a rethinking on the side of the customer, as to what they should do and what they should not do. And the very fact that we have a very strong I think track record of quality and also support of the customer it served us well, when people want to explore outsourcing and it comes as [inaudible].
Thomas Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then last question for Brian, the tax rate at 24%, do you still view that as your long term tax rate or does that change in the years to come?
Brian Beattie: Yeah it is. We’re still on the 24% range I just remind everybody as all of the CFOs look at projecting tax rates for 2014 and beyond, we have not factored in the R&D tax credit into any of our assumptions.
Thomas Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Brian Beattie: Thank you, Tom.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: And next we’ll go the line of Sterling Auty with JP Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. It’s Zachid[ph] here for Sterling. Aart, you touched on this on a prior question, but just wanted to dig a bit deeper. In your prepared remarks, you talked about how customers remain relatively cautious, despite a lot of technological advancement. What do you think is kind of driving that disconnect? It seems like it’s been a few quarters or more than few quarters, but what are some of your updated thoughts there?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think you have to start with the big picture which is of course in the last four, five years global GDP has languished. Semiconductors has done significantly better than that, but semiconductors are not growing enormously fast. However, the technology demands are growing enormously fast. And so, in many ways, customers are for starters, between this squeeze off, how do I get the money and how do I pay for all the new good stuff? Secondly, there are some markets where there has just been increase in concentration, all the way to some markets that tend to be sort of winner takes all, in terms of behavior. And so there, another dynamic is at play which is how do customers do create critical math. And that often results in either acquisitions within a product line or outright company mergers for math and for size and so all of these changes are relatively difficult to execute well. And so that is why if you look at some of the what’s called, the confidence in indexes that look at semiconductors exact [inaudible] month are you it’s quite remarkable how these things isolate between 48% to 52% and 50% of the intermediate between happy or unhappy. So, that life in the semiconductor lane right now and so it’s not a surprise that customers are cautious, may be cautious is not even the right word, they are just managing within the budgets that they have. Now having said that, I think we have Synopsys only executed in terms of growth over quite a number of these years and we expect to continue to do that. But we have hard work and that’s our job.
Unidentified Analyst: And then on the IP push out of IP revenue, is it fair to say that most of that is customer driven meaning that they are pushing out their own product introductions which in turn, trickles down to you?
Aart de Geus: Somewhat, I think certainly there is number of cases where what you said is absolutely correct. There are number of cases where they do larger VPAs where either the take up of the IP or the availability on part of the IP is impacted by both their timeline and our timeline. And so those are sometimes very difficult to predict, they are good signs because they are signs of customers trusting us with their future. But sometimes it’s just a little bit more difficult to predict. And as you surely can see from my earlier comments around the stress levels of technology, for our customers they moved to FinFET is a pretty big decision. We see the large guys have all gone to it after investing. This is the next segment of customers that’s just now sort of moving into that domain.
Unidentified Analyst: And then on Coverity, it sounds like they are selling to a bunch of different verticals, but can you disclose about how much they generate from the semi-vertical even if just a range?
Aart de Geus: Let me not do that, partially because until this is closed, I should not really speak about that company beyond what is reasonably public knowledge. What I can say certainly is that more than half of their customers today, are in the semiconductor segment that we know well. And that’s of course where we initially encountered them, but it is quite interesting that at least quarter to a third, are pretty far away from where Synopsys resides. But you can immediately see how important quality is in software is just taking out the financial services or banking services, but we’re also taking about people doing oil research or aeronautics research. There is a lot of software being developed. And I think the interesting insight here I hope that plays out going forward, for a number of decades the level of quality for hardware have to be extremely high, because an error can force people to redo their chip. And right there is often a multi-million dollar decision. Whereas an error in software could also be fixed by a patch, well that is true if your software is not too complicated. When the software becomes very intertwined with many other things, so we have truly systemic complexity, which we know well on the hardware side, and that is why my hope is that over time, a number of the techniques that Synopsys has pioneered will also apply to the broader software world.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Aart de Geus: You’re more welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Next we’ll go to line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good afternoon. Aart, a couple of questions to start on Coverity, could you talk a bit about how the dynamics of that business differ from what you’re used to in the EDA? For instance, with over 1,000 customers they would seem to have an average amount of spent per customer or may be $0.75 million or so considerably below what you’re used to in EDA. Assuming that number isn’t scalable for customer, would it be fair to say that much of the growth would be dependent on new customer acquisitions vis-à-vis Coverity? Also if you think about Coverity in a larger context of systems design, not just on the software quality level but more broadly does it then become also important for Synopsys to have a strong position on custom IC? I have a couple of follow ups.
Aart de Geus: Sure. So for starters, it’s interesting that the numbers that you cited, when we started Synopsys, we would have loved to have numbers like that. And it took quite a while to build up the transactions and relationships that we have with our customers today, it took many years and of course, the sales approaches quite a bit what for us has been like 25, 27 years or so. Having said that though, I think you’re still pointing your finger at an interesting set of questions which is there will be a number of questions that initially are brand new customers that are new to using tools around software. And there one will gradually penetrate that market, there are some customers that very quickly will realize if the software works well and its impact how can they move to larger volumes, how can they broaden the utilization or how can they even do what we at Synopsys did, which ultimately mandates the software utilization? Now I don’t think that there is much correlation between this and what we do in the custom world, except for the one area that I think is interesting in long term which is the intersection between digital and custom is clearly visible in the Internet of things. The Internet of things is full of things that have software embedded and so when you look at that in aggregate, this is precisely what I always refer to as systemic complexity very multi-dimensional set of things. I think right now this is all looking far forward. The way we should look at Coverity it is new time that is existing today on the very focused area of quality and testing and security of software. And just focusing on that alone will be our first challenge. The reason I said some of these other things is just because I see a natural adjacency for both our technology and market position.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. Couple more for you Aart, regarding the bigger picture of the market. You mentioned that you are seeing some improved penetration or consolidation on some accounts, with your largest customer you clearly have the large majority of the customer spent. The question is are you seeing a trend where you are now have become the majority of a greater number of customer spend? Is that a trend at all? Go on, sorry.
Aart de Geus: In general, our objective obviously is to grow with our customer and to grow into customers where we are not well represented. Ultimately the EDA industry is relatively stable, but within that Synopsys has done I think well. For those customers that are really impacted by our tools and it tends to come from the advanced site of the spectrum, all people knew very large volumes very high complexity, low power designs, that’s our natural home. And so, the fact that our tools are increasingly performance and – increasingly performing very well together I think is one of the reasons that a number of customers have broaden their footprint with us. But you have to earn that every day and it’s a field of continued change so we’ll keep pushing on that and opportunity for us.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.: Lastly, geographic question for you and in terms of the whole industry, Asia-Pac has been by far the fastest growing market over the last a number of years and in fact decade. Not just on the too side, but increasingly on the IP side if you do a 10 year CAGR analysis, it looks like Asia-Pac for you, has been a mid-teens growth business and all other regions, low to mid-single digits. The question is do you see any risk that could potentially decelerate or disrupt the kind of above average growth that you’ve seen in Asia-Pac for these last many years? And conversely, are you seeing any sense of it bottoming in Japan outside the currency effects, are you seeing any signs that the long slow erosion in that market as far as EDA is concerned is beginning to bottom out?
Aart de Geus: Well let me start with the top of the question. Of course, the growth of one region comes out at the expense of another within the profile of the overall growth of the semiconductor industry. And so, if you grow higher than the industry then some other region must better finish and grow lower. And you’re absolutely correct that Asia-Pacific initially coming from almost nowhere, has grown to become a very, very market. It is also a market that has invested in technology and invested in this cooling of technologist i.e. engineers substantially. So that reason alone makes it an interesting place. If you have add to the fact that some of those economies specifically China has the potential to grow its own image as a customer base substantially, surely one would believe that, that can continue for a while. If you look at Japan, I do think that they are a number of positive while very difficult changes and you can see it in companies that are restructuring, that are refocusing and of course at the national level, there has been a high degree of emphasis on stimulating the economy and utilize currency as one of the mechanisms to do so. I think the feedback tends to be a little up and down from one quarter to another you only have to read the newspapers to see that. But I am still a believer that in aggregate, the structural changes that industry is going through are necessary. They are being fooled, they will take some time, but over time, Japan hi-tech if I put it on the umbrella will emerge stronger.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.: Sorry can I squeeze one in for Brian, on the IP business. In Q1, would it be fair to say that there was a close correlation between the $10 million or so drop in IT revenue in Q4 and the $10 million drop or so in your services revenue in Q4?
Brian Beattie: I’d say that as far as one of the changes for our IP business as we saw in Q1, that the services part is down and that just again reflects the timing of the bookings of when those transactions came in the breath of the larger contracts and in fact coming through as well. So, you’re right, it is IP, it is related to services line which is different. And again, remember this is contract by contract, account by account and it varies by quarter to quarter. We had anticipated some reductions in terms of IP business going from Q4 to Q1 as we let everybody know at last year. And then as we look ahead to our guidance for Q2, again it looks like a stronger business based on the projections that we have at this point for Q2.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: And no one else is queuing up with the question.
Aart de Geus: So at this point in time, let me thank you again for joining us for this call. Hopefully you took away from it that Synopsys is in good shape as a company and has just made a very interesting move to broaden our longer term opportunity space. As usual, Brian and I will be available for your comments and questions after the call. Thank you very much. Have a good afternoon.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-12-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank Aart J. de Geus - Co-Founder, Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Brian M. Beattie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Zachary R. Ajzenman - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2013. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last 1 hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Rochelle. Good afternoon, everyone. With us on the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and co-CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our remarks this afternoon, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss plans, forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company, its business and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and today's earnings press release. All financial information to be discussed on this conference call, the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, the earnings press release and the financial supplement that we released today. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart J. de Geus: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm happy to report that we closed a very good quarter and achieved excellent 2013 results. We're seeing strong product and customer momentum, and we're positioned well as we head into 2014. Summarizing our results, we delivered revenue of $505 million in Q4 and $1.962 billion for the fiscal year, a 12% increase over 2012. We reported non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.56 in Q4 and $2.44 for the year. This is 16% growth over fiscal 2012 and substantially above the target range communicated at the beginning of the year. Simultaneously, we increased our non-GAAP ops margin to 24% for the year and generated $497 million in operating cash flow. With strong multiyear commitments by a number of key customers, we grew our 3-year backlog to $3.1 billion. Lastly, we continued to diversify and broaden our product portfolio, with strong momentum in IP and Systems. Building on a very solid year-end position, we're setting a 2014 non-GAAP EPS objective of $2.55 to $2.60 and a revenue target of $2.06 billion to $2.085 billion. Brian will discuss these in more detail shortly. Before providing some highlights for the year, let me comment on the customer landscape. As you've seen, 2013 has been a year of gradual and uneven economic recovery across the globe. Against this backdrop, the semiconductor market, while forecasted to show modest growth in 2013, remains highly competitive. To prosper, our customers must excel in both cost and time-to-market while accelerating their adoption of disruptive new technology such as FinFET transistors, 20 and 16, 14 process geometries and multi-pattern masks. While we have not seen a material change in customer behavior, we realize that 2013 is another year in an extended period of uncertainty, and customers have remained somewhat cautious. Nonetheless, they are willing to spend on technology that enables them to differentiate. This is great for Synopsys, as many key customers are specifically counting on us to accelerate their differentiation and speed their time-to-market. Driving growth of the market are the 3 segments of mobile, cloud infrastructure and what can be summarized as "Smart Everything," also known as the Internet of Things. The mobile market shows very good growth, which is projected to continue well into the future, albeit with a shifting mix towards more lower-cost devices. The customers in this markets are particularly counting on Synopsys, as they require both advanced FinFET technology and substantial amounts of IP. The increasing number of mobile devices, combined with massive Internet search, social applications and video, in turn drives continued demand for cloud infrastructure capacity. This bodes well for Synopsys, as servers and Internet infrastructure use the most challenging silicon technology and EDA optimizations for speed and low power. The third category of smart everything is readily visible in the automotive segment, for example. Today's cars include hundreds of sensors, dozens of electronic control units, extensive network systems and millions of lines of software code, which can already exceed 20% of a car's total cost. The electronic and software content will continue to grow as increasingly smart and powerful driving assistance features are added. Integrating these complex hardware/software systems is a real challenge, necessitating the adoption of the types of hardware/software prototyping tools that Synopsys pioneered over the last decade. The outlook is especially promising for top-tier customers, who are demanding the most advanced tools, design flows, global support and sophisticated IP. For many of them, we're already their preferred collaboration partner, and their multiyear commitment to Synopsys, reflected in our backlog, has allowed us to invest substantially in new technology that we'll be introducing over the next 18 months. Let me provide some technical highlights, starting with implementation. The move to advanced silicon nodes continues unabated as customers seek to take advantage of considerable power, performance and area benefits. During Q4, we saw the number of designs for 22-nanometer and 14-, 16-nanometer increased notably. This has a positive impact on us, as Synopsys is the acknowledged leader at these geometries. Approximately 90% of 20-nanometer-and-below tape-outs have used Synopsys implementation tools. We're already engaged all the way down to 10-nanometer in design and at 7-nanometer with TCAD. The design activity on 14-, 16-nanometer FinFET processes is accelerating. Foundries are under pressure to stabilize their process and provision the necessary IP. Design houses are under pressure to execute their first designs, and we expect that during 2014 and early '15, pressure will mount to ramp yield. These are all areas where Synopsys plays a central role. Competitively, Synopsys has at least a year ahead start. Our complete solution, from earliest stages with TCAD to digital and analog mixed-signal design and verification to IP and global support, is unmatched. Our FinFET solutions are also production proven, with well over 100 million FinFET chips in the market today that were designed with Synopsys tools. During the past year, we announced a number of customer and ecosystem partner successes. TSMC certified both our digital and custom design and verification solutions for its 16-nanometer FinFET process and awarded us partner of the year for joint development of their 16-nanometer FinFET design infrastructure. We were also presented TSMC's partner of the year award for interface IP for the fourth consecutive year. Samsung chose Synopsys as their FinFET partner because of the successful collaboration history and our complete solution. We enabled the tape-out of Samsung's first 14-nanometer low-power test chip and delivered a comprehensive design implementation flow for its leading-edge 14-nanometer FinFET process. We announced UMC's first qualification tape-out in its 14-nanometer FinFET process, achieved using Synopsys tools. Our early collaboration with GLOBALFOUNDRIES helped accelerate availability of their 14nm-XM process for the mobile market. Achronix standardized on IC Compiler and IC Validator and taped out the industry's first commercial FinFET-based complex FPGA using our tools. In addition, in 2014, we plan to roll out next-generation capabilities that will enable notably faster design than anything seen so far. This is the result of many years of R&D, and the initial collaborations show outstanding results that will materially impact the competitiveness of our customers. Moving to verification. These increasingly complex chips require an immense amount of complex simulation, emulation, prototyping, verification IP and debug tools. Leading customers rely on us in this area as well, with approximately 70% of advanced digital designs utilizing Synopsys and 19 of the top 20 semiconductors counting on our analog circuit simulation. In 2013, we embarked on the development and assembly of a major new verification platform. First, we completed our solution through the acquisitions on EVE, with the industry's fastest emulator, and SpringSoft, with the gold-standard debug tool. Since then, we have mounted a massive effort to develop a next-generation verification platform. The customers response has been excellent, and hereto, we have a strong pipeline of capabilities that will be rolled out over the next 18 months. Finally, our IP and Systems products continue to grow very nicely, now representing approximately 25% of revenue. Synopsys is the second largest IP provider in the world and #1 in interface, analog and memory segments. Outsourcing of standard-based IP continues to increase. We estimate that just over about 50% is outsourced today. With a potential TAM of $4 billion to $5 billion, there's plenty of runway for continued Synopsys growth in IP. Our track record of quality and efficiency, plus the increased complexity of the IP we are delivering, means that our customers not only save money buying for Synopsys, but also accelerate their schedules and de-risk their chips. During the past year, we continued to deliver highly sophisticated products, including memory IP and logic libraries for a number of 14-, 16-nanometer FinFET processes. Looking into 2014, we expect FinFET-based IP to grow as design in these technology accelerates. Simultaneously, we have embarked on next-generation interface protocols such as DDR4, PCI Express Gen 4, USB 3.1 and HDMI 2.0, all significantly more complex and, thus, promising for our continued growth. Given the sophistication of our IP teams, we are very involved in the development of new standards to best meet initial customer demands. For example, after working for 2 years as part of the HDMI Forum to architect the 2.0 specification, we launched our digital and analog cores just 1 day after the Forum ratified the specification. We have subsequently closed HDMI 2.0 deals with a number of customers in applications such as ultra high def 4k TV, video cameras and tablets. In summary, amid a customer environment characterized by a mix of economic uncertainty and aggressive investment in design, Synopsys is in a very good position with product and customer momentum, as well as a financial base that supports continued execution and investment. We performed well in 2013 and look at 2014 as a year to expand our technology and market leadership. Our primary economic objective is to drive high single-digit non-GAAP earnings per share expansion. We plan to achieve our goal through a combination of the following: one, drive traditional EDA organic revenue growth generally in the low to mid-single-digit range; two, achieve IP and Systems organic revenue growth generally in the low double digits; three, continue to grow non-GAAP operating margins solidly into the mid-20s through continued global focus in operational efficiency; four, actively explore value- and TAM-expanding M&A; and five, optimize the use of our strong cash flow through a balance of M&A, debt reduction and/or stock buybacks. I'll now turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian M. Beattie: Well, thank you, Aart, and good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and fiscal year and provide you with our guidance for Q1 and the full year of 2014. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Now, as a reminder, FY '12 included an extra fiscal week, affecting both revenue and total expenses by $25 million and $16 million, respectively. Synopsys delivered a solid fourth quarter, wrapping up an outstanding year. FY '13 financial results were highlighted by double-digit growth in both revenue and non-GAAP earnings and considerable free cash flow generation. Additionally, we significantly exceeded our original 2013 target for operating cash flow and continued our stock repurchase program. Q4 total revenue increased 11% to $505 million. Annual revenue grew 12% to $1.962 billion, the third consecutive year we've delivered double-digit growth. This, of course, includes the revenue contribution from our fiscal 2012 acquisitions. But even excluding these transactions, business was very solid. We met our original 2013 revenue growth targets, even in the context of the significant yen depreciation this year, due to our stronger business models. About 90% of Q4 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for approximately 11% of Q4 and fiscal year revenue. The weighted average duration of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was about 3 years. For all of fiscal 2013, it was greater than 3.5 years, reflecting a mix of contracts, including the impact of a large contract renewal in Q2. We currently expect average duration for FY '14 to be approximately 3 years. Three-year backlog increased to $3.1 billion from $2.7 billion, with just over $1.5 billion scheduled to be recognized as revenue in fiscal 2014. Taking into account the impact of our larger hardware sales and the continued strength in IP, we have approximately 75% of our target fiscal 2014 revenue in hand for the coming year. Turning to expenses. Q4 total GAAP costs and expenses were $454 million, which included $30.5 million of amortization of intangible assets and $18 million of stock-based compensation. For the year, total GAAP costs and expenses were $1.716 billion, which included $127.5 million of amortization of intangible assets and $67.5 million of stock-based compensation. Q4 total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $396 million. For the full year, total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $1.491 billion, an expected increase due to headcount and expenses from our 2012 acquisitions, primarily SpringSoft and EVE, along with year-over-year increases such as employee compensation and planned hiring. Non-GAAP operating margin was 21.7% for the quarter and 24% for the full year, the second consecutive year of margin expansion. For all of FY '14, we expect an increase in non-GAAP operating margin similar to that of FY '13. Our ongoing goal continues to be the focus of operational efficiency with annual non-GAAP operating margins moving solidly into the mid-20s. Turning now to earnings. GAAP earnings per share were $0.36 for the quarter and $1.58 for the year. Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share increased 19% to $0.56, while full year non-GAAP earnings grew 16% to $2.44. This is the third consecutive year in which we've substantially exceeded our high single-digit EPS growth objective. Non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 21% for both Q4 and the full year. Now, as a reminder, the full year 2013 reflects the reinstated R&D tax credit for both FY '12 and '13, which benefited FY '13 earnings by approximately $0.12. For modeling purposes, we think that a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 24% is a reasonable estimate for all of fiscal 2014. Now turning to our cash flow. We generated $191 million in cash from operations in Q4 and $497 million for all of fiscal 2013. FY '13 operating cash flow exceeded our original expectations, due primarily to higher-than-planned business levels and cash collections experienced throughout the year. We repaid $7.5 million of our outstanding term loan in Q4 and $30 million for the full year, leaving a remaining balance of $105 million. During the quarter, we purchased about 2 million shares of Synopsys stock for $75 million. For all of fiscal 2013, we spent $145 million repurchasing about 4 million shares. Yesterday, the board replenished its share repurchase authorization to $500 million. We ended the year with cash and cash equivalents of $1 billion, with 46% onshore and 54% offshore. At this time, we're targeting operating cash flow of $425 million to $450 million in FY '14. We plan to continue optimizing the use of our strong cash flow, whether on M&A, debt reduction or stock buybacks. Finally, we expect our operating cash flow quarterly profile to be similar to last year, with a net operating cash outflow during the first quarter of fiscal 2014, due primarily to the timing of our prior year annual incentive compensation payments. Capital expenditures were $18 million for the quarter and $65 million for the year. For fiscal 2014, we expect capital spending of approximately $130 million. The increase was primarily facilities related, including a 2-year project to build out a newly leased Bay Area facility that will replace several current buildings and several projects related to past acquisitions. DSO was 46 days, reflecting the timing of invoices, and we ended Q4 with approximately 8,570 employees with about 1/3 in lower-cost geographies. So now let's address our first quarter and fiscal 2014 guidance. For the first quarter of FY '14, our targets are revenue between $475 million and $485 million. As we communicated last year, we expect some increased variability in quarterly revenue going forward. This can be driven by factors such as sales volatility in emulation and prototyping hardware, which generates upfront revenue; timing of IP consulting projects and royalties; and certain contracts where revenue is recognized when customer installment payments are received. However, we continue to expect a revenue model that's approximately 90% time based. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $422 million and $444 million, which includes approximately $18 million of stock-based compensation expense. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $377 million and $387 million. Other income and expense between $6 million and $8 million, which includes a gain associated with a previous investment. A non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 24%. Outstanding shares between 154 million and 158 million. GAAP earnings of $0.30 to $0.38 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $0.51 to $0.53 per share. So now, looking at fiscal 2014, our outlook is for revenue between $2.06 billion and $2.085 billion, a growth rate of approximately 5% to 6%. We note an approximate 1 percentage point headwind -- it's not material, but it results from the devalued yen rates that we locked in during 2013; other income and expense between $7 million and $10 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 24%; outstanding shares between 154 million and 158 million; GAAP earnings per share of $1.69 to $1.82, including impact of approximately $78 million in stock-based compensation expense; non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.55 to $2.60, a growth rate of approximately 5% to 7%. And as I mentioned, FY '13 earnings reflect the approximate $0.12 benefit from the reinstated R&D tax credit, and we are targeting cash flow from operations of $425 million to $450 million. Now finally, to help you with your modeling, let me provide some brief commentary on our 2014 revenue and expense profile. At this time, we expect second half revenue to be a bit higher than our first half revenue, with Q4 higher than both Q2 and Q3, which are similar. At this point, we expect total non-GAAP expenses to be skewed slightly towards the second half of the year. In summary, we're pleased with our fourth quarter and full year financial performance, highlighted by double-digit top and bottom line growth, solid operating margins and strong cash flow generation. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So, as you noted in your prepared remarks, for the full year outlook, you've got 75% coming from backlog versus the 80% we've seen for the last couple of years. How much of that revenue that won't be coming from backlog would you attribute to the emulation type of products versus IP versus other things that maybe is more transactional or upfront revenue recognition?
Brian M. Beattie: Well, the shift of where we've seen, last year, for example, 80% moving to 75% does reflect the increased amount of revenue associated with hardware businesses and with our IP balance of increasing revenues there, which are a little bit more front-end loaded. And it's just the profile of the business that comes through based on the makeup of that. Our hardware business continues to grow. We can see, again, continued growth in our IP and Systems business. So that really takes into account the shift from the 80% to the 75%.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And when you look -- Aart, when you look at the -- you mentioned kind of the leading-edge designs, et cetera. How would you characterize kind of the budget and the headcount views in terms of the design teams, design engineers at your customers, heading into 2014?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, actually, I think it follows very much the semiconductor evolution, which is a slight growth. I think a lot of the companies that are venturing into the very advanced designs do it pretty much with the same teams. There are a number of situations where companies acquire additional teams, mostly for the specialties that they bring in-house, as they go towards more complete solutions. I can't say that I even have heard anywhere that suddenly, the teams are dramatically different. I think they just follow sort of the industry. And that makes sense because everything we see in terms of the complexity growing rapidly, our tools can -- I wouldn't say easily, but they can certainly match the increasing complexity. And good old Moore’s Law is very much alive and well, and our industry follows up with it.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And last question. As you look at 2014, you kind of characterized the growth rates, I thought, more industry-like, core EDA versus IP. Would you think that, looking at your business, that core EDA growth in fiscal '14 was going to be faster, slower, or the same as what you saw in 2013? And the same on -- same question for your IP business.
Aart J. de Geus: I think it's, all-in-all, pretty much the same. Now the only reason we are a little bit prudent is because we realize that the semiconductor industry that has had essentially 5 years of fairly slow growth is under some degree of pressure. But on the positive side, there's no question that it also accelerates the adoption of some of the newer technology because they're really looking hard for differentiation. And by the way, we do see continued strong growth on the IP side because -- and maybe that ties a little bit to your earlier question. One way to, out of the same teams, get actually more productivity is to increase the amount of IP we use. And so we definitely see an evolution of design methodology towards what they have predicted for a number of years, and that serves us well.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Tom Diffely of D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Brian, I was hoping you could give us maybe a little more qualitatively on the yen impact for both 2013 and your outlook for '14.
Brian M. Beattie: Sure. The yen impact did affect us in '13, on various lines of the P&L, both revenue and, to some extent, the earnings piece because we do have spending also in Japan. And that went in a favorable direction. So, overall, you looked at about a 20% reduction in the impact of the yen last year, going from '12 to '13. But it's just something we had to manage. It did not have a material impact on either revenues or expenses or the bottom line, as a result of the hedging program that we have in effect. Then, if I look at 2014, I said we have a 1 percentage point impact on the top line. That is something, again, we've locked in those hedges, as we kind of directed to everybody during FY '13 that we are locking in those rates in '13 for '14. And it's about a 1% impact to the growth rate, and it's just one of those things we've had to offset with other operating efficiencies and growth in other parts and other regions.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And have you also seen weakness with some of the Japanese customers, or is it really just a yen issue for you in '13 or '14?
Aart J. de Geus: I think the economic impact that you just heard about is just a yen currency issue because, from a customer point of view, Synopsys -- and not just last year, I think in the last -- in quite a number of years, has done particularly well, while it's well understood that the overall Japanese industry is going through almost sort of a generational shift in how they do business, who is doing business, how the companies are made up. And so we've actually done quite well in Japan, and I think we have a very strong team there working with all the top companies. So I would say the only impact, really, that we felt has been through the currency change.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then, Aart, in the past, you've talked a little bit about progress made in the IP from a margins side. Maybe give us an update there and where you are and where you think you can get to.
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, in general, on all the IP that we have had on the market or that is a part of our business, we keep improving our efficiency. At the same time, and economically, of course, that's relevant, is we also keep investing in it because we see more opportunity. So, in general, we feel very, very comfortable where the margins of the business are now. They are lower than for the rest of the company. But as you have seen, we continue to improve the overall ops margin of Synopsys, and that certainly includes paying a high degree of attention to the ops margin of a growing business such as the IP.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. Is it as simple as just getting more customers to use the IP, or is it you're fine-tuning how you customize the IP per customer, or is it a little of everything?
Aart J. de Geus: I wish I could say it is as simple as. Nothing in what we do is simple, partially for a good reason, actually positive reason, which is the very IP that we do, I think, every 2 years is dramatically increasing in complexity. And while that does add a lot of stress, including economic stress of how to develop it, how to make sure that the quality is there, it does add not only differentiation, it really impacts the efficiency of our customers that are okay with adopting very complex IP from the outside. And so, in that context, I think it's a business that is not only a growth business, it's a very foundational business in terms of where the design methodology is going. And I think, even if it gets harder, it is really good for Synopsys because there's a high value we provide, and therefore, we will see good return.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And then earlier, you talked about how you've even seen some very early work on 7 nanometers. I'm just kind of curious, how much of your businesses is driven by 10 and 7 at this point?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, it is only through our very most advanced tools. Those fall into the general area of manufacturing. And really, they're 2 areas. One is TCAD. And for those of you not familiar with it, TCAD is really 3-dimensional modeling of devices, almost at the molecular or atomic level. And the other area is, of course, in the mask-making, where doing masks for these geometries requires just fabulous photolithography tricks, if I can put it like that. And so that's the area that we are investing in. And the manufacturing is, I don't know, 10%, 15% of our company or so. So that gives you a sense. It's a subcategory of that, but a very important one and one that gives us very important insight where things are going and also gives the first models of transistors, even before transistors are manufactured.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, there's a lot of concern today about the ability to yield the 14-nanometer FinFET move as we ramp over the next year or two. Do you feel as though your tools are complete and ready to go as far as that transition goes?
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, I do because, at the end of the day, we do impact yield. But the reality is the sleepless nights on the part of the guys in the fab. They have to continually tune the manufacturing to literally wring out percentage point after percentage point. Recently, the indications are getting more positive about those nodes, so I think that the foundries are really making excellent progress on it. But this is not any different than 1980s, '90s and 2000s. Tomorrow was always really hard. On the design side, though, which is where we sit, I can absolutely say that the tools for FinFET design are not only ready to go, they have been used on quite a number of designs that have either taped out or have gone to production already. And so, while nothing is simple there, I think we are in a very strong technology situation, maybe much stronger even than where we, as a field, were in the late '90s or 2000s.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Krish Sankar of Bank of America.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I also had one industry-level question. You guys highlighted how you're getting very good traction on the FinFET side of the business. It's going to be a big opportunity for EDA down the road, and Synopsys, specifically. Given that it's a consolidated industry with only 3 large players, I'm kind of curious to know that -- are you seeing any pricing upside? Is there any way you can actually get value pricing because you're providing such a value-added service? Should we start hoping that, down the road, pricing should start improving due to a consolidated industry and the fact that you guys are enabling such leading technology transitions like FinFET?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, in general, the best way to maintain pricing is, obviously, to not only be providing superior value but to actually be differentiated in it. And I do think that we have a number of areas that Synopsys, specifically, is differentiated. At the same time, we are in a hypercompetitive market. And this is especially competitive because our customers are seeing their world change at a rapid pace, and they have not seen their market grow all that rapidly. So, having said that, I think we're in as good a position as any of the companies. And we've always believed that, if one can conquer the next round of really tough technical problems, that's the first premise to do well. And as a matter of fact, we've seen, again, this year, our run rate go up. I don't think that we've seen any price erosion beyond the normal customers always wanting more for the same renewals. But aside of that, I think we're actually in a quite good position.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, got it. And then another -- a quick follow-up. Even in your fiscal '14 guidance for Synopsys, or broadly speaking for industry, what do you think is the emulation growth going to be? And what contribution is EVE going to be out of your fiscal '14 guidance?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, we don't break out the contribution of any of our individual products. And we look very much at the emulation part as a key ingredient in our broader verification strategy. It's hard for me to speak for the industry, given that there have been other people in emulation that have substantial size, and they have clearly shown that they can go up and down quite rapidly. Our approach has been, I think, more temperate and more steady because we're looking at a more integrated, broader solution. And that is how we differentiate ourselves, and that has turned out to be, I think, a wise direction.
Operator: And the next question's from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Zachary R. Ajzenman - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: This is Zack Ajzenman for Jay. First question. When you're further communicating or substantiating the value and impact of EDA, as with customers, are there certain metrics that you use, for instance, in terms of the results for specific product segments?
Aart J. de Geus: Yes. There are some metrics that just come back over and over again. And there are 2 or 3 key categories. Some have been more emphasized in the past than today. But in the past, number one was always the performance of the chips. Number two, invariably, was the power consumption. And because the 2 trade off, you never look at them in isolation. Underneath of that is always how dense a chip can you make, meaning what is the area going to be because that impacts directly the cost of the chips. And that gets refined by, oh, well, if you make them small, can you also make them yield well because that multiplies all of this. And so, pretty quickly, you're into a fairly broad set of metrics. On top of that, touching the time-to-market metrics are really 2, which is the run-time of the tools, and that includes how long does it take to read in the design and set it up, and the amount of memory needed on computers because we somehow lightly say, "Oh, well, I'm doing a chip with 1 billion transistors." That takes substantial compute power. And so time-to-market is very much impacted by how efficient the tools are and how cost-effective they are. And last but not least, as we move more and more towards the hardware/software world, a variety of prototyping forms become important. Now hopefully, this is not too long an answer, but what I told you here is, in one way, nothing new. It has always been objectives that one keeps optimizing. On the other hand, what is new is that the interaction between all of the terms I just gave you is much more prevalent. And therein lies, I think, one of the differentiations for Synopsys, which is we are optimizing so many variables at the same time, and I think we do it quite well. So, in that context, over and over again, we take existing designs, pass them through the new tools and, at the same time, make sure that the new tools are ready for the new technologies. And I think we have quite a machine capable of doing that today.
Zachary R. Ajzenman - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Has Synopsys been able to quantify what the incremental revenue opportunity from FinFET might be when we take into account specific tool areas that are most likely to be affected, the number of customers likely to design with the new structure and then your share of the affected segment?
Aart J. de Geus: It's very difficult to quantify it, partially because, in all the key customers -- and the key customers, invariably, are the most advanced ones that are also the first adopting FinFET technology -- we have multiyear agreements that make sure that at no point in time are they left hanging. With other words, we work with them to migrate the tools to the newest technologies. Now the benefit of that for them, of course, is a high degree of stability in the economic relationship and, most importantly, the technology; but for us, is that at renewal, we have an opportunity to grow our business to be very stable where others are maybe in question in ups and downs of the market and in general, be always connected to where the state-of-the-art is going. And the state-of-the-art is where most of the money is spent. So I think we're in a good position there.
Zachary R. Ajzenman - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and last question. When you look back on 2013, other than acquired products, which products or segment did you see the most increase in usage and/or the base of user licenses?
Aart J. de Geus: Good question. I would say, solely generically, IP is growing just because that market is growing and the number of pieces are growing. On the individual tools, invariably, the highest growth in numbers of copy tend to be in verification, validation. And the reason for that is that the systemic complexity as you have more and more and more transistors grows much more rapidly than the number of transistors. And so those are sort of the tools that, invariably, customers just want more and more copies, and it's almost like they're limited by their own compute farm availability. Now in terms of some of the other tools, the IC Compiler and IC Validator have tended to do very well because the advanced chips really do require a high degree of optimization and verification physically. And Synopsys, I think, is particularly well placed.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And you have a question from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria of RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Aart, just see if you can give us a comparison of how you felt entering last year and how do you compare that to this year. Last year, your performance was much better than initial expectations. And also, the semiconductor industry, most of the growth -- I mean, the spend -- I said last -- this year has come from memory, not from everything else. So, in that environment, the EDA has grown reasonably well. How do you -- I know that there is a caution for the next year, but even in a very cautious semi environment, do you think you can perform in the same manner you did in 2013?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, obviously, every year is a little bit different, although we enter, typically, with the same level of confidence, and then it's full speed ahead on evolving through the year. What was different last year, we had made a large set of acquisitions, and so there was a high degree of emphasis on the integration, making sure that the transition for the customers would work well. This year, we're entering '14 with having made a large number of investments in R&D over the last, actually, more than 18 months, and integration of technologies acquired. And so it's going to be a fair degree of focus on advancing the introduction of new capabilities that will be announced throughout the year and, I think, will make a major impact on the customers. Just to clarify a little bit more about how I look at the semiconductor market, I cannot really say that our customers have changed or are dramatically more or less cautious. I'm just observing the number of years of, let's say, mitigated growth in semiconductors with an increase in complexity. What that brings about is a fairly high dynamic among the customers on how are they competing. In general, that is called uncertainty. In practice, it's called opportunity for us because if we can help them, in that situation, do better, we add real value. And by the way, it's interesting, you mentioning memories, because we've actually done quite well in that domain. And you're absolutely correct, the price -- that segment grew, but it grew mostly because prices went up. And as you remember, it went all the way as bad as one of the fabs burning down and, immediately, the market growing more. So those dynamics are beyond our control. But what we do have impact on is that they, too, are driving technology towards the systemic complexity end, meaning not just make the transistors smaller, but make, actually, the memories much more complex. And that is very interesting to us because, again, many of our system tools, even some of our IP and, certainly, our digital tools are highly applicable to that evolution. So, in general, we're looking at a very dynamic market that, hopefully, will attract more money. But for right now, we're in a good position.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That was very helpful. And Brian, just a question on your revenue profile. Just can you give us some color around what drives the linearity of revenue so that we can model it better going forward and...
Brian M. Beattie: You best, Mahesh. On the quarterly profile, it reflects, again, a very detailed bottom-up, account-by-account profile. Given that we've got $3.1 billion of backlog, as you know, we profile that out by quarter, by account. And the guidance that we provided this afternoon gives you the perspective of how much would be in Q1 and then what that revenue profile would be. We said it'll be slightly higher in the second half of the year. Also, we could note that Q1 is followed by other quarters of growth as well. So that's how it is. So it really kind of breaks out to the individual makeup of the detailed backlog of those accounts. It ties into when cash is scheduled to be collected. It takes into account the makeup of hardware, things like royalties, which, again, are not in the backlog. They come in based on usage in the future. So, again, we take all that into account providing to you that level of guidance for the quarters and the halves of the year to address the linearity question you had.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And one more last question on your 24% tax guide. Does that include investment tax credit?
Brian M. Beattie: It does not. It takes into account, because it's a calendar year R&D tax credit, it goes until December 31 of the year. But we have assumed no additional R&D tax credits to be in effect from January 1 forward for all of '14.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But you do expect that to be there for 2014? What's your opinion on that?
Brian M. Beattie: No, we don't. No, we do not have that taken into account based on -- we call it -- in a tax world, we call it extenders. And right now, in a world of tax reform and all the other positioning, the expectations that all companies have right now is don't count on that for 2014. So that's what's reflected in our statement. And if it got approved at some point in the future, then we would be able to reflect that in the numbers.
Operator: And speakers, at this time, there are no further questions in queue. Back to you for closing remarks.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, thank you very much for your time. I think we closed a very strong 2013 with many investments that will become visible in '14. And our job is to make that a great year again. We look forward to talk to you after the call or in subsequent events. Thank you very much.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 4:00 p.m. today through December 18 at midnight. You may access AT&T executive replay system at anytime by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701, entering the access code 308548. International participants, dial (320) 365-3844. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-08-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank Aart J. de Geus - Co-Founder, Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Brian M. Beattie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2013. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last 1 hour. 5 minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Cynthia. Good afternoon, everyone. With us on the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our remarks this afternoon, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss plans, forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company, its business and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual risks -- actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risk that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and today's earnings press release. All financial information to be discussed on this conference call, the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, the earnings press release and the financial supplement that we released today. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart J. de Geus: Good afternoon, and thank you for taking the time to join us. Synopsys continues to perform very well and in Q3, we again delivered solid results in terms of business, technology and customers, meeting or beating every target we communicated last quarter. We achieved revenue of $483 million, non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.55 and strong operating cash flow. For the year, we're raising non-GAAP EPS outlook to a range of $2.42 to $2.44, projecting excellent double-digit growth for the year. We're also raising our operating cash flow targets to approximately $400 million. Brian will provide more financial detail in just a minute. Before proceeding to the company highlights, let me comment on the customer landscape. For semiconductor companies, Q3 was yet another quarter with a relatively weak global economy, particularly in Europe, and with slightly reduced growth in Asia. While this landscape is not really new, the continued pressure quarter after quarter of this economic squeeze is challenging. Simultaneously, though, our customers have a high focus on new technology and aggressive design activity. The result is a relentless demand for advanced tools and IP, areas in which we continue to lead and have a strong track record of excellence. For our customers, high-impact EDA and IP are more differentiating than ever before, making deep collaboration with the right supplier crucial. Synopsys benefits from these trends, and our technology investments and acquisitions are paying off. This is evidenced in the closing of multiple large deals in the quarter, despite significant competitive battles. Superior quality and breadth of our portfolio, as well as the engagements of our highly skilled global support team helps us win the fought-over business. Looking at the continued technology evolution, Synopsys today enables the most advanced designs in the world. Be it design at the most innovative FinFET-transistor-based technology nodes or be it advanced design at more established nodes, customers rely on Synopsys whenever they want differentiation from their competitors. Fundamentally, their differentiation is achieved along the 3 axes of better, sooner and cheaper. By better, we mean chips that are faster and/or lower power and, in most cases, are both. By sooner, we mean earlier time-to-market, which involves every aspect of design, including the verification of hardware and software. And by cheaper, we mean chips that are smaller, denser and achieve higher yield in manufacturing. Needless to say, each of these dimensions competes with the others and really good tools, IP and support materially impact the overall results. This is also why the new type of vertical transistor called FinFET is so important. FinFETs are simultaneously faster, smaller and lower power, but they do require sophisticated tools and IP. Synopsys has taken a strong leadership position in enabling this promising wave of advanced design, and we see excellent adoption as companies are investing more aggressively in this direction than initially forecasted. To date, approximately 90% of 20-nanometer and below tape-outs have used Synopsys implementation, and we're already engaged all the way down to 10-nanometer. This past quarter, we saw the number of designs at 20-/22-nanometer and 14-/16-nanometer increased notably. Except for some specialty approaches, all 14-/16-nanometer designs are 3D FinFET-based, and all key foundries are investing heavily to develop their FinFET processes, promising eager customers about 40% lower power consumption. Synopsys has been investing in FinFET enablement for half a decade, and we have at least a year head start over any competitor. Our complete solution addresses design challenges from the earliest stages of process design, transistor development and characterization, library and memory IP development, digital and analog/mixed-signal design and verification, all the way to complex IP cores and sophisticated global support. By now, we also benefit from production-proven tools and IP, with more than 100 million FinFET chips shipped, thus far, using Synopsys tools. During the quarter, we announced a number of customer and ecosystem partners successes, all the result of multi-year collaborations. TSMC, for example, certified our digital and custom design and verification solution for its 16-nanometer FinFET process. We also delivered a comprehensive design implementation solution for Samsung's leading-edge 14-nanometer FinFET process. And we announced UMC's first qualification tape-out in its 14-nanometer FinFET process, achieved using Synopsys tools. These are just the latest in a growing string of achievements, including the tape-out of Samsung's first 14-nanometer low-power test chip. Samsung chose Synopsys as their FinFET partner because of its successful collaboration history and the comprehensive capabilities throughout our portfolio. Another excellent example is FPGA provider, Achronix, standardizing on IP Compiler and IP Validator and taping out the industry's first commercial FinFET-based SOC using our tools. Now let me turn to verification, where technology leadership is just as important. Today, our digital verification is used in the vast majority of advanced designs, and 19 of the top 20 semiconductor companies use Synopsys circuit simulation. With smaller transistors, and thus more transistors on a chip, the need for massive amounts of verification continues to grow. This is why the quest for still faster simulation is essential to our strategy. In that context, our VCS simulator and ZeBu emulator both have the fastest run times in their category. Growing equally rapidly in importance is the need to simultaneously verify hardware and software. Our combination of emulation, FPGA-based prototyping and virtual prototyping is unique in its breadth and capabilities. This is an area for growth for us, and prototyping, specifically, has been strong for us all year. In the past, customers typically built and assembled complex FPGA boards in-house to complement their chip simulation and accelerate their hardware/software debugging. These efforts are increasingly being outsourced to us, and we're collaborating closely with some of the most advanced design companies in the world in this area. To fully increase the impact of all these verification technologies, we are substantially investing in integration around the Verdi debug system. As you may recall, we acquired Verdi through the acquisition of SpringSoft late last year. It is the gold standard open debug system used broadly across the world. I can report that not only is the product superb, but the integration, while an enormous task, is progressing well. A number of key customers are collaborating closely with us in setting long-term direction. Let me close with an update on our IP products, which continue to thrive and grow. Over the past 10 years, the use of third-party commercial IP has gone from experimental, to periodically used, to mainstream. In parallel, the complexity of our IP has evolved from simple cost-advantaged blocks, to a broad portfolio of all the main interface protocols, to now extremely complex state-of-the-art and rapidly evolving next-generation solutions. In addition, our team has also become extremely proficient in the advanced technologies around FinFETs, and we're heavily engaged in sub-20-nanometer libraries, memories and analog IP. According to Gartner, Synopsys is the largest provider of physical IP, more than double the nearest competitor. The amount of IP that the top 20 semiconductor vendors consume has increased by 5x over the past few years and now represents almost half of our DesignWare IP revenue. Overall, we're the second largest IP provider in the world, with about 1,900 engineers designing commercial IP blocks, giving us the #1 position in interface, embedded memories and analog IP. We estimate that only about 50% of these types of blocks are outsourced today, and we expect this area of our business to continue to yield double-digit growth, driven more -- by more outsourcing as well as additional protocols and titles. In Q3, we released memory blocks for a number of 14-/16-nanometer FinFET processes, realized a key competitive win in interface IP and were chosen as the strategic IP partner by a large U.S. company for 16-nanometer FinFETs. Lastly, we also announced a new low-power IP subsystem for sensors, aimed at the "Internet of things" markets. This is an integrated, pre-verified system that sensor developers can purchase off the shelf rather than developing and assembling each component themselves. In summary, Synopsys continues to demonstrate broad strength and innovation in technology, customer relationships and financial execution. We delivered very solid financial results in the quarter, and as a result, we're raising our non-GAAP earnings per share and operating cash flow guidance for the year. I'll now turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian M. Beattie: Thank you, Aart, and good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with our guidance for Q4 and the full year. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year, unless I specify otherwise. Now Synopsys delivered a solid quarter, meeting or exceeding all of the quarterly financial targets that we provided in May. Additionally, we continued our stock repurchase program and generated considerable operating cash flow. Now some additional detail. Total revenue was $483 million, an increase of 9% compared to a year ago and at the high end of our target range. Approximately 90% of the Q3 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog and one customer accounted for more than 10% of third quarter revenue. The weighted average duration of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was about 2.9 years. We continue to expect average duration for FY '13 to be greater than 3 years, reflecting a mix of contracts, including the impact of a large contract renewal in Q2. Turning to expenses. Q3 total GAAP cost and expenses were $428 million, which included $32 million of amortization of intangible assets and $16.5 million of stock-based compensation. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $375 million, an expected year-over-year increase due to increases in headcount and expenses from our recent acquisitions, along with timing of quarterly expenses, including year-over-year cost increases, such as employee compensation and planned product investments. Non-GAAP operating margin was 22.5% for the quarter and 25% for the first 3 quarters of the year. Our ongoing goal continues to be a focus on operational efficiency with annual non-GAAP operating margins moving solidly into the mid-20s. Turning now to earnings. GAAP earnings per share were $0.33, with non-GAAP earnings per share at $0.55. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 20.5% for the quarter, below our target range due primarily to some onetime tax benefits that resulted from a true-up of our FY '12 taxes with the U.S. tax return that was filed just last month. As a result, we think that the non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 22% is a reasonable estimate for FY '13. And as a reminder, this rate reflects the reinstated R&D tax credits for both FY '12 and '13, which benefited FY '13 non-GAAP earnings. Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items. During the quarter, we generated $263 million in cash from operations and are raising our operating cash flow targets for the year to approximately $400 million. And this is reflective of the higher-than-planned business levels and cash collections experienced throughout 2013. We repaid $7.5 million of our outstanding term loan, leaving a remaining balance of $130 million. During the quarter, we purchased about 1 million shares of Synopsys stock for $35 million. During the first 3 quarters of the fiscal year, we spent $70 million, repurchasing about 2 million shares, and we have approximately $202 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. As a result, we ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $892 million, with 43% onshore and 57% offshore. We plan to continue optimizing use of our strong cash flow, whether on M&A, debt reduction or stock buybacks. DSO was 53 days, reflecting the timing of invoices, and we ended Q3 with approximately 8,400 employees, with about 1/3 in lower-cost geographies. Now let's address our fourth quarter and fiscal 2013 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For the fourth quarter of FY '13, our targets are: revenue between $500 million and $510 million, a year-over-year increase of 11% of the midpoint. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect some increased variability in quarterly revenues going forward, and this can be driven by factors, such as sales volatility in emulation and prototyping hardware, which generates upfront revenue, timing of consulting projects and certain contracts where revenue is recognized when customer installment payments are received. However, we continue to expect a quarterly revenue model that is approximately 90% time-based. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $432 million and $449 million, which includes approximately $17 million of stock-based compensation expense; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $386 million and $396 million; other income and expense between $1 million a negative $1 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of 23% to 24%; outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million; GAAP earnings of $0.29 to $0.35 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.54 to $0.56 per share. Now our fiscal 2013 outlook shows revenues between $1.957 billion and $1.967 billion, a growth rate of 12% of the midpoint or 13%, excluding the extra week we had in 2012. We've been able to maintain our annual revenue growth targets even in the context of a significant yen depreciation this year due to our hedging programs and our stronger business levels. Other income and expense between $8 million and $10 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 22%; outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million; GAAP earnings per share of $1.51 to $1.57, which includes the impact of approximately $67 million in stock-based compensation expense; non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.42 to $2.44, which represents solid, double-digit year-over-year growth; capital expenditures of approximately $70 million; and as I mentioned earlier, we're targeting cash flow from operations of approximately $400 million. So in summary, we're pleased with our solid Q3 financial performance and execution, highlighted by considerable cash flow generation and on-target operating results. So with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Brian, you referenced higher-than-planned business levels, yet you very slightly tweaked down your revenue guidance for the year. Is that just due to the, what you mentioned, sort of higher expected volatility around hardware sales and those timing of consulting deals?
Brian M. Beattie: Well, again, we are seeing very, very strong business levels, and we referenced that last quarter and again this quarter. And as a result of that, we're able to confirm a very solid revenue growth for the year. We're looking at about 12% right now. It's right within the range we set at the very beginning of the year. It's within the range that we set at the last quarter even. And as a result of that, too, we're now able to raise the midpoint of our EPS guidance by about $0.03 from last quarter. So again, we're in good shape. We're actually -- you see us now shooting for over $500 million of revenue in the fourth quarter, which is a record achievement for us as well that we're planning.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Maybe I can ask it another way. Were -- are there any geos or product areas that are a bit lighter than expected? And I guess I'd call out Japan, in particular, that's been down high-single digits to double digits for the last 3 quarters. Is that a headwind that's sort of had some cumulative impact here? And any thoughts on any of those?
Brian M. Beattie: Well, yes. We do see, as I mentioned, even last quarter, we anticipated the results we'd have this week -- this quarter. We do see some variability just based on the timing of the elements like our emulation hardware products and our boards, our prototyping activity, where all that revenues move within the quarter; so again, seeing very good, strong growth. The consulting part of the business is doing pretty well. And again, that timing of that is based on, Rich, either the percentage completion or when the cash comes in from the customers. So we just tune it into the actual expectations based on the type of business. But overall, looks like a very, very strong year again that we're putting up.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, one final one for me. With respect to your analog and custom design initiative, just wanted to talk about how that's going in the market, how the Laker product is doing. And that was a well-respected product but a very small revenue base relative to the total market. Wondering if you feel like you're having some success there in trying to crack into that sort of analog custom design market, based on those Laker tools.
Aart J. de Geus: As a matter of fact, yes, Laker was a very good acquisition, and the combination of Laker and the efforts that we had in CD are quite complementary, and we're still in the process of integrating all of that. But one of the other things that we inherited with Laker, of course, is a very strong presence with a number of customers. And while one goes through the uncertainties of an initial acquisition, I can report that the customers are very positive about what we're doing and have been very stable with us, so we can build on that. In addition, we're finding also that the ability to do code design with the obviously very strong digital offering that we have is growing in opportunity. So I think Laker was a great addition to what we have, and the integration is progressing very well with what is truly also a stellar team in the form of SpringSoft people.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I had a couple of them. One, Brian, on the guidance for the October quarter, what is the reason for the non-GAAP OpEx going up that much?
Brian M. Beattie: Well, the timing of the spending, again, is just based on when the agreements are put in place, and it's a profile that's recognizing salary increases that come in the year. There's little bit of variable comp related to, again, a very strong fourth quarter that's expected. So really, just a -- it's a typical Q4 profile that we see. We saw the same thing last year and then typically, the next quarter, in Q1, kind of drops off. So it really is just the tuning-up for all the final year expense activity.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. That's very helpful. And then I have another question for you. When you look at the foundries moving to 20 and below on the FinFET side, I'm just kind of curious, can you help quantify what is the increase in design cost when you go from a 28- to a 20-nanometer planar? And then when you go from planar to 16 or 14 FinFET geometry, can you help quantify what the incremental design cost of that [ph] is?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, this is actually quite difficult because very often, people, as they move to the next node, and especially as they move into this one, they're simultaneously dramatically increasing the complexity of their chip. And so what they are trying to get is, for roughly what is the same manufacturing costs because those have tended to be relatively stable for many, many, many years, is a much higher degree of functionality. On top of that, what complicates your question is to what degree are they pushing the envelope on performance and power. And so those people that really want to exceed their competition in that angle will spend more with us, and we're clearly seeing that the first version of any design is a step-up in terms of investment, in terms of time and in terms of utilization of tools. I'm clarifying that it's first version, because there's a lot of wrong beliefs in the industry that every chip is just incredibly more expensive. That's not true. Once you've done the first version of a chip, most of the chips are derivatives, that then are much lower cost. So at the end of the day, the economic equation holds pretty well together, and the reason I can say that is because we can see the number of people accelerating their push towards the sub-20-nanometer FinFET generation to actually continue to increase. And I think that's a very good sign because, as you've heard me say before, I think FinFET has opened up another decade of Moore's Law, and we're well on our way with that.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But -- and then when you look at it historically, like maybe going back to the 28-nanometer node, what was the time from the time -- from the moment they finalized the design to the time they ramped up capacity? And do you expect that to be shorter when you go to FinFET because you said that you're accelerating to the FinFET node? Once they finalize the FinFET design, when do you expect actual volume output on factories to happen?
Aart J. de Geus: I think that, in aggregate, it is not that different from any of the previous nodes. Because as much as the processing is a bit more complex, it does not add an enormous amount of time compared to previous processing steps. And so then it's more a question of what your degree of confidence in the quality of the designs, do you have to do any engineering changes to it and tape it out another time -- another round. And in general, so far the evidence is that we're doing just as well as we did with any of the previous generations, but it is a big investment for specifically the foundries to get all of their data together. One more comment, with these much larger chips, these chips are de facto little supercomputers because they have many processing cores, comes also an increase of the embedded software that goes with it. And so as much as your question is pertinent, I do think that the time-to-market is as much dominated by the readiness of the software as the issues around the hardware.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: I think the first question for Brian. Brian, if I look at 9 months, the revenue from Japan, it's almost down 10% year-over-year. Is it mainly due to the yen? Or you think either the semi spend or the EDA spend in the Japan is slowing?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, it's really a combination of that, Monika. For the first part, we do see the yen has devalued about 20% this year, and most of our revenues in Japan are in yen-denominated contracts. In addition to that, we're just looking at perspective on Japanese economy, which is fairly flat, and a lot of activity, of course, going on to encourage the activity levels and the investments to the government and so on to pick up the overall economic growth levels in Japan. So again, we expect that, that may bring us even better results next year.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then just kind of a follow-up, what we have seen in the semi industry right now, I mean, semi industry kind of is deep in challenge, as you kind of talked about in your opening remarks. So could you maybe talk about the impact of slowing to flat growth of semiconductor industry on the EDA industry?
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. So first and foremost, I think what happens in the semiconductor industry is largely governed by the external economy. And so, in that sense, that industry is not different than any others, except for the fact that new technology has an uncanny way of actually holding strong even in economic tough times. And I shouldn't just maybe call it tough, it's just sort of anemic for, now, a number of years. And so semiconductors are actually quite intense in terms of the investments. The growth rate, it keeps being projected as going up 6 months from now. But in all honesty, that's been now happening for, for a little while, but the investments continue to be very targeted. And so for our industry, the EDA industry, and I would say also some of the technology investments around manufacturing, investments have continued because the opportunity space going forward is extremely attractive as we enter this next round of silicon technology in transistor type. And we, Synopsys, have been fortunate to see this coming for a little while and, therefore, have invested heavily into it. And that's why I think we will continue to deliver a higher growth rate than the semiconductor industry for sure and, in general, have done quite well and certainly, our bookings have been strong again in that direction.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Then I have one on the cash and capital allocation. I mean, you guys have raised again your operating cash flow guidance. So have you thought about maybe initiating dividend?
Aart J. de Geus: We have shied away from that because we feel that, in our space, having options around M&A or buybacks is actually the better way to use the cash and that is what we've been doing for the last number of years. We never say no to anything, but at the same time, right now, our priorities are very clear. Our objective is to continue to grow the earnings per share, and we are doing that -- the -- all the mechanisms that we set, which is leadership in technology, invest there, invest in the support of our customers and then also manage the profitability of the company upwards and keep looking at opportunities to acquire technologies if they are ready and if they fit our profile.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And just the last one, if I may. You talked about the sensor IP. Could you maybe help me understand maybe more details on the sensor IP you talked about? Is it the interface IP for sensors or is it something else?
Aart J. de Geus: Certainly. Well, first, why is it important? Well, if you look at the Internet today, of course, this has been growing immensely in the last 15, 20 years mostly because of the connectivity first of people to people over the Internet and then major compute centers to other major compute opportunities over that same medium. What is clearly going to happen now is that for many things, and it's actually referred to as the "Internet of things," there will be more and more connectivity provided, which is another way of saying that everyday objects will need some connectivity, will need some smarts [ph] , will need some memory and it will need to be connected via sensors to the physical reality. And so what we have provided is essentially a very, very well-integrated small set of IP blocks that are ready to be connected to sensors and that can be, in turn, integrated into a broader compute environment or communications environment. And thus, we're following our past strategy, which is provide the puzzle pieces that maybe others could build as well, but that can be more efficient -- efficiently acquired or outsourced to us.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Want to start with the upfront revenue. So the results of the quarter, was all of that attributed to the acquisition of EVE and the revenue recognition around that? Or was there other upfront contracts in the more traditional part of your business?
Brian M. Beattie: Sterling, it's really related to the hardware part of the business. All of our hardware transactions are enacted in the quarter, in which we shipped, and it's taken upfront, so that reflects that. And it was a very strong on a quarter-over-quarter basis. So that's what happened in Q3, and it came in pretty well as expected. And again, it's one of those items we've highlighted that may move from quarter-to-quarter just based on timing of the deals and when we actually are shipping the product but it's not ratable. It's right upfront.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And when you look at the contributions from the recent acquisitions, can you at least qualitatively characterize how they performed? And can you talk us through, was there any impact on deferred revenue from the acquisitions?
Brian M. Beattie: Well, maybe on the last part, no. No impact on deferred revenue. That's just business as usual. Everything was fully integrated for all of the acquisitions last year, were integrated at the very beginning of the year. So balance sheets and everything reflected that. And so the quarter-to-quarter swings in deferred revenues, which, as you know, just reflects the ability to invoice customers. And where we haven't taken revenue, there's no significant change in that profile year-to-year or quarter-to-quarter.
Aart J. de Geus: On the integrations, I think things are actually progressing extremely well. We're happy with all the acquisitions that we made. And there's, of course, a lot of work to integrate them, largely because the acquisitions were made with the broader vision in mind. And specifically, if you look at even SpringSoft, the broader vision has been clearly around providing a much more sophisticated verification environment that would not only contain more multiple engines, so our simulator's an engine, but so is EVE, so are some of the FPGA prototyping that we have and so on. And it connects all of those to a common debugger, which is the Verdi debugger. I think that vision is turning out to be right on and has connected very, very well with a number of our most advanced customers. The other part, of course, that was mentioned briefly earlier is that there was also an analog/mixed-signal set of capabilities that came with SpringSoft, and that team has aligned very, very well with the team that we already have in that domain. And maybe the third one to mention, because it was also done last year, is Magma. There are 2 -- in the last 2 quarters, and specifically also this quarter, we saw excellent progress with a number of formerly key customers of Magma to now really align strongly with where we're going in our implementation flow on the new technologies. And so I think those transitions towards a common set of company products, all in all, are progressing very well. And the hard metric, of course, is, is that what's happening with the customers? And the answer is yes. The customers are very much following our vision there.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, last one. I want to go back to the point you made about business momentum. You sounded very positive on it, but I wanted to just connect some dots here. You had DSOs that jumped 7 days quarter-over-quarter. You've got the jump in OpEx expected in the fourth quarter, partly in your comment about variable expenses, because you're expecting strong bookings in the fourth quarter, and the revenue forecast for October is below consensus. If I put that all together, perhaps one theory is going to be, you had a back-end-loaded quarter this quarter and a number of yields pushed into the fourth quarter, where you're not going to get a full coverage worth of revenue recognition, that's why the revenue guide is where it is. I just want to throw that out there, so you can talk to it, so we can just tell if that's not the right way to connect those dots.
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, just to be clear, the way I look at it is from a very different perspective, which is we are running the company, first on a yearly basis and secondly, sort of backwards from earnings per share. And so whenever we look at how these different things flow, our key objective is to not execute -- not only execute within the guidance that we've been giving, but hopefully, even better than guidance if the external business picture allows for that. It has done so this year. Obviously, we have one quarter to go. But as you know, we have a pretty good sense of where we can land in a given quarter. And so all of the comments that you've made are all variables that are being tuned as we end the year. And right now, overall, we'll do a substantially better than what we had set at the beginning of the year. And most of our focus right now has to be, therefore, on FY '14 and '15. And that is really where most of our planning work is going. So again, the emphasis is on the earnings per share. All the other variables are important, but they sort of have to fall in line just like the puzzle pieces over an overall picture.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: A couple of financial questions for Brian to start and then a couple on the industry for Aart. Brian, could you connect the dots as well with regard to the sequential drop in your core EDA business plus a fairly substantial drop in Asia-Pac versus Q2 and as well as the sequential drop in your TBL revenues from Q2? Is that all correlated? And then similarly, going back to Sterling's question about the upfront revenue, you had a fairly large sequential increase in your cost of license revenue from the second quarter. Was that more closely connected to a increase or strength in your HAPS prototyping business that have -- might have been connected to the emulation business?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes. Okay, let me tackle all those questions. When we look at both the Q2 to Q3 profile, you're -- you sort of triangulating on a number of points related to specific contracts with specific customers. So for example, on the TBL line, as we had expected back in second quarter, we knew that there were certain elements related to both deliveries, cash collections from customers and so on that would have projected revenues in Q3 to come down a little bit from what we saw in Q2. That came through exactly, in effect, and that account was in the Asia-Pacific region. So sort of triangulating on your points about TBLs and then the Asia-Pacific. And then as we had indicated last quarter and this quarter, you are going to see a little bit of movement there based on either the hardware variables or the other elements that come in to services, which are up very nicely year-over-year. That's based on percentage completion, when we actually make the deliverables or milestones for that effect. But nonetheless, still maintaining 90% of each quarter's revenue coming from the backlog and being time-based. So it's just as we expected, as it came through, as it's profiled now in the Q3 is totally aligned. Your second question was about a COGS increase in Q3, and it was at $85 million and it was $77 million from a year ago. So that part there primarily related to the hardware deliveries, which I'd indicated with Sterling, was also up very nicely on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So that was where you'll see that movement from COGS for the cost of the hardware product that we delivered in the quarter. It was up very nicely.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Right. But I was asking if it was more correlated to the prototyping business, which, Aart mentioned in his prepared remarks, was strong through the year versus the EVE business.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, I'd agree with the first part. It's -- the extra strength came through the prototyping side.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Aart, the latest industry data would suggest that the big 3 EDA vendors have reached a new level of concentration or percentage of total EDA revenue, let's call it around 80% versus roughly 75% that the big 3 shared for many, many years. Do you see that as having any effect in terms of pricing or other business effects by virtue of you're now having a more concentrated EDA supplier base? And by the same token, do you see the customer base potentially offsetting that by themselves becoming more concentrated?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, for starter, if I may change the premise a little bit. We have already, for a number of years, started to look at ourselves as not at all limited by the traditional definition of EDA and much more look at the entire space of chip design. And a good example for the benefit of looking at it that way is clearly what we can see happening both on the side of the IP business growth as well as all the areas that we touched where there's hardware/software and, by the way, also in some of the manufacturing area. And so as much as we often get lumped, of course, within the traditional core EDA space, and we're sort of lacking to find the right terminology how we want to describe ourselves, our business space is actually quite large. And in that context, I think we have a lot of opportunities. Now having said that, I think we have competitors. We never underestimate them, and we can hope that they have good, healthy growth and no need to compete in ways that are not good for the market. But I've very little to say about that. Our objective is to keep growing our bottom line. And so far, I think we're well on track with that.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. Since you brought up the issue of a broader view of the market, let me refer back to your presentation at the conference in Austin 2 months ago where you spoke fairly broadly about the role or value of EDA, and you put it in the context of application, customers' applications -- your customers' applications relative to the cost of electronics, which are presumably becoming less significant. Could you put that in the context of how all of that, that very broad vision you talked about, informs your product strategy or your market strategy, particularly for emerging markets in terms of automotive electronics and other market? How do you translate that very broad thing you talked about 2 months ago into your product and market strategy, particularly in terms of the specific verticals?
Aart J. de Geus: It's a great question because it's a difficult question. And it's a difficult question because, on one hand, one needs to have a clear understanding as to where the entire industry is going. And one of the key drivers motivating in that specific speech was to highlight the fact that with absolutely another decade of Moore's Law ahead of us, we will see such tremendous capability changes that is actually hard to predict all the applications, but it's not hard to predict that it will impact many fields very fundamentally. And for an earlier question half an hour ago on the "Internet of things," that's just one aspect of that. But one can also talk about all the aspects of how it will touch the health industry. You mentioned automotive. In maybe somewhat flippant terms, there will be more smarts brought to individual tasks and individual objects in the world. Now that's easy to say, and then how do you make next quarter, and that's called the running of a company like Synopsys. And so the way we translate this is to understand where the long-term trends are. Understands that even if we may understand these very well, they're always very difficult to predict from a timeline point of view, but it is very useful to say, well, any action that we take, how is it helping out existing customers? How can we make it as adjacent as possible, adjacency in technology, adjacency in channel? Adjacency in terms of the customer makeup and thus, expand the serviceable market for us; and a TAM that I think is actually quite broad, depending on how you define it. And so in that context, we do have a number of bets in the water, and we have also a number of them that are seeing strong traction. As you well know, one of those bets was the moving into IP and that is over 10 years ago. And today, it is -- it's an engine that has a lot of growth potential with it. You now see that we are broadening those solutions, adding more hardware and software. And so, it is always a balance between long-term vision and day-to-day execution, and I think we are in a very, very good position because the core of our technology is absolutely exactly where the semiconductor customers need us to be. And they continue to bet on us for all the difficult work.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Aart, just continuing on that theme, can you talk about, again, most specifically, what your expectations for the long-term growth are for that core EDA and IP business? And in that context, how do you feel about the next year? Is it going to be a typical year? Or do you see something different next year?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, we want to refrain to give guidance now for next year. As you know, we do that in the fourth quarter. I think that, fundamentally, our view of the market that we're in has not changed. The core EDA is stabler for us and in the mid-single-digit growth range. The IP is in the double-digit growth range. And on average, as you know, we tend to sort of predict the year as a balance of those 2 things, and I'm refraining to give guidance for '14 right now. That has fundamentally not changed. At any point in time. We have things that go through growth spurts and others that need to be revamped, and that's something different this year, I think, than any other year. I think we're in a -- really a very strong and solid position.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's fair. And in terms of emulation, you talked about that. Where do you see -- what kind of contribution do you see from that particular business? And can you talk about -- a little bit about the competitive landscape in that business?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, for us, emulation actually, just like any of the other tools in verification, is no longer viewed as a standalone point tool. We are very much focusing everything we do on a verification solution, and the reason for that is simple. As much as we'll push on every one of our teams to be at the point tools [ph] , state of the art and best in class, the reality is our users use this tools in the context of very complex systemic verifications, where you pass certain portions of the design to one tool, certain portions in another tool. You need more accuracy. You need more speed. You balance these things. And what is great about the EVE acquisition is that it fits very well in the picture that we were building and, augmented by the Verdi debugger, really now complements our offering to be not only very complete but to have state-of-the-art point tools. But our objective is really to integrate those into an overall outstanding solution. We're well on our way, but there's still quite a bit of work to be done there. And so I think that FY '14 will really be the year where we will have a lot of real messaging around verification.
Operator: We have a follow-up from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, Brian, you talked about the FX impact of the yen, but wondering if you could actually quantify what the revenue impact year-to-date has actually been because of the yen headwind.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, we've indicated that again, in Japan, most of those contracts are yen denominated. We haven't broken out all the details on a line by line, but it is noticeable as a nonmaterial impact up to the revenue line. We've seen some improvement during the year from the hedging program that was booked through other income and expense. And when it flows through to the bottom line of 2013, it's really non-material to the EPS as well, just based on a very conserved hedging business. And the rest of it is just offset by a lot of hard work by all the different business units. So we've got recognizing what we had on our hands in 2013 and overall coming through, netting out in terms of revenues here that are right on track with what we said at the very beginning of the year despite some of that devaluation, looking at earnings, which are up about 16% overall for the year as well. So again, we just have to offset it. It's one of the many things that you have to deal with in running the business, and we're happy to deal with our results for the company.
Operator: And with that, I'd like to turn it back all to you, speakers, for any closing remarks.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, thank you for attending this session. I hope that the picture that emerges is one of excellent results and a strong confidence based on the technology position that we have. And as usual, we are open to your calls right after this. Have a good rest of the day.
Operator: This presentation is now finished. Please check back shortly for the archive.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-05-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank Aart J. de Geus - Co-Founder, Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Brian M. Beattie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Farhan Ahmad
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2013. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last 1 hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Laurie. Good afternoon, everyone. With us on the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our remarks this afternoon, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss plans, forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company, its business and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and today's earnings press release. All financial information to be discussed on this conference call, the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, the earnings press release and the financial supplement that we released today. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart J. de Geus: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Synopsys again delivered strong business, technology and customer results in Q2, meeting or beating every target we communicated last quarter. We achieved revenue of $499 million, non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.66 and considerable operating cash flow. As a result, we're raising our non-GAAP earnings per share outlook for fiscal 2013 to a range of $2.37 to $2.42, representing solid, double-digit growth for the year. We're also raising our operating cash flow target to $375 million to $400 million. Brian will provide more financial detail in just a minute. Before discussing some highlights, let me comment on the customer landscape, which I would characterize as steady. Semiconductor companies continue to face significant competitive challenges. And while cognizant of ongoing uncertainty in the macro environment, the race for differentiation and time to market, product functionality and advanced technology continues unabated. Synopsys has collaborated closely with market leaders for many years. With the high-value, but also, great technical challenges of the latest silicon technologies, more and more customer executives are sharing their future direction with us and how Synopsys is needed to get them there. As a result, we see continued successes and business strengths across key customer segments, the foundries, top IDMs and key fabless customers, particularly in mobile and cloud-related systems companies. Let me provide a couple of examples. First, during the quarter, we renewed a significant multiyear agreement with Intel. Second, we've made excellent progress with a large semiconductor company, who had been a competitor stronghold for more than a decade. For a number of years, we have worked closely with them on their most advanced designs. This quarter, with a substantial long-term commitment, they moved to Synopsys as their main partner because of our technology excellence and dedicated support. The common denominator driving the largest semiconductor and systems companies is their unrelenting demand for still faster, lower-power and broader-functionality chips. There is increasing commitment to the most advanced processes, as a growing group of customers joined the leaders in migrating to 20-nanometer, 14- and 16-nanometer and even below. The race to 3D FinFET design is very promising, as it has opened another decade of Moore's Law. Specifically, the low-power characteristics of FinFET transistors will impact end-product differentiation and is enabled by Synopsys' leading-edge design tools and IP. There's a rapidly growing set of engagements with customers designed to migrate to FinFETs. Production delivery of FinFETs designed with Synopsys tools has already passed 100 million chips. Our clear and longstanding focus on advanced technology not only positions us well for the future, but has already driven significant design and customer successes. To date, 90% of 20-nanometer and below tape-outs have used Synopsys implementation, and we're already engaged all the way down to 10 nanometers. Because of the breadth and maturity of our tools, we believe that we have at least 1 year head start over any competitor. To support this assertion, let me comment that we have been working on FinFET enablement for half a decade, and almost every FinFET design to date has relied on Synopsys. Our solution is truly comprehensive, ranging from TCADs to design tools to IP to sophisticated support. TCAD is used by foundries for simulation at the earliest stages of technology in FinFET development, giving us 6- to 12-month early access to foundry models. The resulting information feeds into the foundational technologies or HSPICE in extraction, where Synopsys tools are the gold standard. From there, our IC Compiler, which is clearly the most advanced and production-proven FinFET physical design system, creates the layout of the chips. In addition, our analog/mixed-signal designer verification tools are well ahead in terms of readiness and qualification for FinFETs. We have been engaged in developing FinFET-based IP for several years now and have production-class memory and interface IP ready to integrate into our customers' SoCs. We're engaged with 5 foundries on developing a full range of production-ready IP for them. Lastly, our IP design engineers have taped out multiple FinFET test chips for several customer processes. One example of our leadership is the announcement last week that FPGA provider, Achronix, has standardized on IC Compiler and IC Validator and has taped out the industry's first commercial FinFET-based SoC using Synopsys tools. At our Silicon Valley User Group meeting in March, more than 600 engineers attended a standing-room only FinFET panel, featuring Samsung, QUALCOMM, Cavium and GLOBALFOUNDRIES, sharing their early experiences in collaboration with Synopsys. In addition, you may recall that already in December, we announced a successful tape-out of Samsung's first 14-nanometer or low-power test chip. Samsung chose Synopsys as their FinFET partner because of a successful collaboration history and the comprehensive capabilities throughout our portfolio. Now let me turn to verification, which is the largest bottleneck in system and chip design today. Synopsys has been developing verification solutions for many, many years and is the clear leader in both leading-edge digital verification, with about 70% of advanced designs utilizing Synopsys, and circuit simulation, where 19 of the top 20 semiconductor companies rely on us. Verification is rapidly evolving, as chip complexity moves into its next phase. Two principles remain. Tool performance is key, and a complete home solution is increasingly a must. Today, our VCS simulator and ZeBu emulator both have the fastest run time in their respective categories. In combination with virtual prototyping and our FPGA-based prototyping system, we cover the entire hardware/software verification space. With the addition of the most comprehensive open debug system, Verdi, and our next-generation verification IP offering, we now address the entire verification market with outstanding tools. During the quarter, we delivered the first product's release of Verdi under Synopsys. The first is an aggressive roadmap of advanced SoC debug technology. Our integration is progressing very well, and customer reactions to our complete verification solution have been very positive. The third area I would like to highlight is IP and systems, which represents about 1/4 of our revenue and continues to see strong business. Synopsys is the second largest IP provider in the world, with 1,700 engineers designing commercial IP blocks, that give us the #1 position in interface, embedded memories and analog IP. According to Gartner, Synopsys is the largest provider of physical IP, more than double the nearest competitor. We expect this area of our business to continue to yield double-digit growth. Top 20 semiconductor vendors continue to outsource more IP to Synopsys, trusting us to deliver high-quality blocks into their critical chips. The amount of IP these companies consume has increased by 5x over the past few years and now represents almost half of our DesignWare IP revenue. This quarter, we also surpassed our 3,000th USB design win. Last year, our USB solutions shipped well in excess of 500 million units. And finally, our PCI Express solutions are well ahead of the competition. We are approaching 1,000 wins in our PCI Express family and recently passed compliance with 20-nanometer silicon. In systems, we had our strongest bookings quarter ever for FPGA-based prototyping, with broad-based demands by some of the largest semiconductor and systems companies in the world. The promise of earlier development of software, as well as robust hardware/software verification is driving continued demand for our outsourced solution. In automotive, as software content and complexity continue to grow, our customers are taking advantage of our leading virtual prototyping technology, so they can start their software development earlier and accelerate system integration, test and validation. Finally, our partnership with ARM continues to bear fruit as we released an ARM Cortex-A57-based virtual design kit, enabling our customers to create software for ARMv8-based designs up to 1 year before silicon is available. In summary, as we reach the halfway point of the fiscal year, Synopsys continues to execute very well. Demand for technology is strong, customer momentum continues, and we again delivered very solid financial results. Consequently, we are raising our non-GAAP earnings per share and operating cash flow guidance for the year. I'll now turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian M. Beattie: Well, thank you, Aart, and good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with our guidance for Q3 and the full year. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year, unless I specify otherwise. Now Synopsys delivered an excellent quarter, meeting or exceeding all of the quarterly financial targets that we provided in February. Q2 financial results were highlighted by strong business levels, double-digit growth in both revenue and non-GAAP earnings and considerable free cash flow generation. In addition, the revenue run rate is positive. Now some additional detail. Total revenue was $499 million, an increase of 15% compared to a year ago and at the high end of our target range. Greater than 90% of Q2 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of second quarter revenue. The weighted average duration of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was greater than 4 years, reflecting a mix of contracts, including the impact of a large contract renewal. As a result, we now expect average duration for fiscal 2013 to be greater than 3 years. Turning to expenses. Q2 total GAAP costs and expenses were $420 million, which included $32 million of amortization of intangible assets and $16 million of stock-based compensation. Q2 total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $365 million, an expected year-over-year increase, due primarily to increases in headcount and expenses from our recent acquisitions. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27% for the quarter and 26% for the first half of fiscal 2013. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect total non-GAAP expenses to be skewed towards the second half of the year. This is simply due to timing of expenses, such as employee compensation, some hiring that shifted to the second half and traditionally higher Q4 expenses. However, for all of FY '13, we're still on track to expand our non-GAAP operating margin by approximately 100 basis points over FY '12 levels. Our ongoing goal continues to be a focus on operational efficiency, with annual operating margins moving solidly into the mid-20s. Turning now to earnings. GAAP earnings per share were $0.44. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased 25% to $0.66, slightly exceeding our target range, driven by expenses at the lower end of guidance and higher-than-expected other income. We are raising our annual EPS guidance to reflect our strong second quarter results and our confidence in the rest of the year. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 24% for the quarter, and we continue to think that a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 23% is a reasonable estimate for FY '13, reflecting the benefit of the R&D tax credit for FY '12 and '13. As a reminder, the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit has an impact of approximately $0.09 to FY '13 non-GAAP earnings. Turning now to our cash and balance sheet items. During the quarter, we generated $134 million in cash from operations and are raising our operating cash flow target for the year to $375 million to $400 million. We paid back $7.5 million of our outstanding term loan, leaving a remaining balance of $120 million. We also purchased 1 million shares of Synopsys stock for $35 million, and have approximately $237 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. As a result, we ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $681 million, with 39% onshore and 61% offshore. We'll continue to optimize the use of our strong cash flow, whether on M&A, debt reduction or stock buybacks. DSO declined 6 days sequentially to 46 days, and we ended Q2 with 8,195 employees with about 1/3 in lower-cost geographies. Now let's address our third quarter and fiscal 2013 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For the third quarter of FY '13, our targets are: revenue between $475 million and $485 million, a year-over-year increase of 8% at the mid-point. As a reminder, we do expect some increased variability in quarterly revenue going forward, driven by factors such as growing hardware business in emulation and prototyping, but continue to expect a 90% time-based revenue model. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $411 million and $428 million, which includes approximately $16 million of stock-based compensation expense; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $365 million and $375 million; other income and expense between $1 million and a negative $1 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of 24% to 25%; outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million; GAAP earnings of $0.28 to $0.34 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.53 to $0.55 per share; and we expect about 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog. Now our fiscal 2013 outlook. Revenue between $1.955 billion and $1.975 billion, a growth rate of approximately 11% to 12%, or 13% to 14%, excluding the extra week in 2012. We've been able to maintain our revenue targets even in the context of the yen depreciation this year. Other income and expense between $5 million and $9 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 23%; outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million; GAAP earnings per share of $1.48 to $1.56, which includes the impact of approximately $67 million in stock-based compensation expense; non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.37 to $2.42, which represents solid, double-digit year-over-year growth; capital expenditures of approximately $70 million; and as I mentioned earlier, we're targeting cash flow from operations of $375 million to $400 million. So in summary, we're pleased with our strong Q2 financial performance and continued execution, which was highlighted by top and bottom line growth and solid operating margin. We're also pleased to provide increased EPS and cash flow guidance for FY '13. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question from the line of Rich Valera with Needham.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Brian, just a question with respect to one of the comments you made. I think you said the revenue run rate was positive on the quarter, and I wondered if that also applied to the bookings run rate versus the prior years on average.
Brian M. Beattie: That's in fact how we do measure the revenue run rate, and so we're looking at the bookings and compare that to the beginning of the year, looking at revenue that we'd be expecting to get in the deals as we go forward.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So that exactly is your sort of standard measure of run rate?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and that was positive on -- in aggregate. And then, Aart, just wanted to ask a couple of questions on the IP business, which is clearly a big focus and a nice growth driver for you guys. Want to try to understand where the margin of that business is today. I believe it's below the corporate average. But where you see it today and where you see it going? And does that require any meaningful upfront investment for the move to FinFET, to sort of crank out all the different FinFET versions of these products which, obviously, you would benefit from down the road?
Aart J. de Geus: Okay. In general, that business is strong and we have continued our push to improve its profitability, at the same time balancing it, I think, well, with the amount of continued investment in creating the products available for next year. The good news is on the FinFET side, we have actually invested already quite a while ago. And so I think we're going to start to see the benefits of that, as the early investments will start to turn now into growing revenue from that. So I actually see it as a very positive outlook for that business.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And with respect to the Intel renewal, a couple of questions. First, was it really exclusively the Intel deal that drove up the average duration for the quarter? Were the -- was the rest of the business kind of in line with your norm? And two, would have thought that, all things equal, your deferred revenue would have gone up sequentially with that renewal in the quarter, but it actually went down a bit. Just wondering if you could comment on those couple of items.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, as you know, in general, we are very shy to comment about anything regarding a specific customer, and that includes Intel. Needless to say, this is an important customer for us and a significant agreement. Let me not break it out further, given that we really don't want to comment about the specifics of the transaction.
Brian M. Beattie: And to your question on deferred revenues, Rich, just recall that increases in deferred revenue happen only when we're able to invoice the customers.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So could I take it that maybe you didn't yet invoice for that particular large deal?
Brian M. Beattie: Same comment in terms of providing, we don't provide the details of the individual accounts.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And I understand you don't want to provide the duration of that specific deal, but can you say if we should be expecting any change in duration going forward? Any other -- whether -- any other change in your average duration other than that one deal?
Brian M. Beattie: What we do is look at the total weighted average renewal lengths that we've been able to close in the quarter. And the impact, as we said, for Q2 was that it became greater than 4 years, and then the impact, as we look at bookings perspectives for all of FY '13, will be just over 3 years as well.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: There are a few of them. Aart, in the past, you have spoken about growing your IP business in the double-digit range, or the low-double digits. Is this still the target for this year? And can you talk a little bit around the competition now that Cadence has Tensilica?
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, we have not changed our outlook. We think that this is a part of our business that is growing in double-digit range. We foresee it to continue to be there. And of course, at any point in time, we're dealing with a variety of competitors. And I think that is more an indication that it's a healthy business than anything else.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, all right. And then, on the emulation side of the market, after you guys purchased EVE, can you talk about what kind of trends you're seeing there? I know that everyone believes in it being a secular grower. Are there any cyclical trends within that, because 2 of your competitors have 2 different views, at least for this year on how the emulation revenue is going to trend? And along the same path, when I look at your operating margin or the margin profile, you're going to improve your margins in IT business. How was the margins on the emulation business? And where do you think it can get to?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, let me go backwards. We actually do not break out the margins of any of the individual businesses, partially because there are some fluctuations as we decide to invest or not. The key objective, of course, is to manage the overall profitability of the company to be in line with our even higher-level objective, which is to grow the earnings per share in high-single-digit range. And so all of this fits together nicely in that regard. As we look at EVE particularly, we are now in the very interesting phase of integrating it, while we simultaneously are integrating the debugging capability acquired from SpringSoft. And so our aim and objective is really to now take what is a fabulous collection of really best-in-class technologies and deliver a well-thought-out integrated platform. And EVE absolutely is a key piece in that. And so far, I think that's going very, very well.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then the final question, on the FinFET side, clearly, you guys have a lot of experience on the FinFET design. When you contracted [ph] the foundries, most foundries are expected to start manufacturing FinFET-based chips some time next year. I don't think there's any specific timing quite yet. But when you look at it, is the challenge in FinFET more on the design side? Or do you think its more on the manufacturing side?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I don't want to be not humble and say, "Well, it is hindsight. We have it sort of under control." But the reality is I think it is both, meaning that these are new structures that are simultaneously being introduced with much, much smaller nodes. So that's sort of squaring the complexity of the problem and simultaneously achieving much higher density of transistors, which brings a lot of challenges for the tools. The only reason that I speak with, I think, a fairly high degree of confidence is we have already helped customers tape out chips that are on the market today with this technology. And in that sense, the proof of concept is beyond concept, that is absolutely in production. Now having said that, there's no question that there are multiple players that are all racing forward to deliver their own version of this technology, and that requires adjusting to their specific technologies, adjusting to how they would like to see the designs come together. And we are extremely engaged in -- with all of them, which, from my perspective, is a really, really positive sign because I think that FinFET is one of the enablers for truly a next generation, meaning a decade or so, of advanced design. And I think this is moving at super high speed.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I was wondering if we could approach it this way, if you take out your largest couple of deals, was the duration of the rest of the contracts below 3 years or above 3 years.
Aart J. de Geus: I think, let's not go too much into trying to reverse engineer all the numbers. Fundamentally, our business has not changed. And in aggregate, we have always said that the balance of transactions that we do is in the 3-year range. In the last few quarters, it was a bit lower. Before that, it was a little higher. But fundamentally, there's nothing that would indicate to me that our business is changing. Everything else, I think, we're not going to go into further, if you don't mind. Thank you.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And what year -- as we think about the collections through the year, you do have a seasonality to it. Given the increase in cash flow for the year, would you say that your second half collections are going to be above seasonal as compared to the past?
Brian M. Beattie: You're right on it. They're typically higher in the third quarter. That's what we've seen every year and still expect then, we have a second half which is stronger than the first half. And with the confidence we had and the business activity, we had increased confidence in cash flow, primarily around collections. And so that is looking better for this year and allowed us to raise guidance.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You mentioned the FX impact. You've been able to hold the revenue guidance. As you look at the pipeline for the back half of the year, is there any concentration in terms of either bookings in the pipeline or other that we should think about being -- coming out of Japan?
Brian M. Beattie: I think let's just align on the question. It's really a perspective for foreign exchange, is that we typically hedge off all the expenses as we operate around the world. But in this past 6 months or so, we have seen a notable devaluation in the yen. It affects the revenues, most of the revenues out of Japan, not all of them. And as we look for the year, we've been able to offset that impact. We have not had a material impact to any of the key line items, in particular, in terms of earnings per share, and just been able to offset that with good operational performance. We've been able to hold our revenues for the year. And just good hedging, the natural hedging, and managed it to have a very minimal impact to the year and even allowed us to raise guidance. So this year has been very good from a yen perspective. We typically don't have any fluctuations to the budgets we set for the year because of all these programs that I just went through. And at the end of the day, with Japan and the economy is expected to pick up as a result of this devaluation in the long run, we think that's good for our customers as well.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right, great. Last question, Aart, can you just kind of maybe characterize where we are in the transition? It seems like 20-nanometer might be a little bit of a transition node. Do you agree with that? And kind of where are we in the move to the next big node in terms of tooling?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, we are definitely seeing the number of designs growing in the 20-, 22-nanometer node. I concur with the general feel of somewhat of a transition from 28 to 14, 16. And the reason that's a little bit of a misnomer is because the transition to FinFET is actually the important driver, not necessarily the node size, although the 2, of course, interact. And the reason the transition to the FinFET is so enticing is that it really changes the performance power nature of the transistor, and that has been one of the increasing or the difficult bottlenecks in semiconductors. And so, that being the opener to a next volley, so to speak, the race is obviously on. But it is also fair to say that a number of customers will land, at least temporarily, on the 22 -- 20-, 22-nanometer just because they want to pipe-clean their design flow, they want to sort of minimize the risk in the transitions, and that makes a lot of sense. But we definitely see both behaviors.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Brian, looking at the operating or, I guess, the margin expansion, the 100 basis points this year perhaps a little bit more in the out year. Is that driven by kind of the ramping IP and better margins in IP? Or just an overall revenue growth in the company that's driving the operating margin expansion?
Brian M. Beattie: Well, Tom, it's all of the above. It's really that our revenues are up very nicely this year. We're looking at revenue growth in the range of 11% to 12%. Spending is not growing as fast as that, and we are seeing good improvements across the board in the operating margins of the company. At the same time, we've got to retain dollars to invest in leading-edge technologies. So again, still on track for the commitment for the year to see approximately 100-basis-points improvement in the margins.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And when you look at the -- all the acquisitions last year, is there an opportunity to have operating expense improvements as integration happens over the next few quarters? Or are we pretty much at the ongoing level at this point?
Brian M. Beattie: So there's still, in a number of the product lines, still some of the integration activities underway, getting best-in-class performance features out of all of the various products and bringing those to market as quickly as we can. So again, there could be some opportunities there. But again, overall, the company does need to stay invested in leading-edge technologies and continue to drive EPS at the same time.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And what was the actual impact of the yen over the -- during the quarter?
Brian M. Beattie: Really not very material at all. As you saw from an impact through the yen on the revenues because of our hedging and the other activities and overachieving, as well as other income and expense, where we are able to recognize some of the non-hedge accounting impacts to the company. So bottom line to the company was really minimal, nothing almost.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay, great. And then you talked about tax rate of 23%. That includes the, I guess, the $0.09 impact of the R&D tax credit already?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, it does.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: It's already embedded in your guidance.
Brian M. Beattie: Absolutely, yes, that's factored in. We -- that came through in our first quarter. There was about $0.04 impact related to FY '12 as a retro catch-up that we had in Q1. And then, we had forecast an additional $0.05 to come through in earnings per share for the balance of FY '13 which, again, we're just building on. So we saw the $0.09 increase in Q1, primarily coming from tax, and then we're adding on another $0.02 improvement in EPS coming from operational improvements this quarter.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And your long-term view without the tax credit going forward in the out-years is still that 25%?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, at 25% to 26%. Because when you look at, I said 23%, it's a roughly 3 percentage points change. So 25% to 26% is a good, long-term planning model for us.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, just finally, on the technology side, is the move to some of these advanced technologies for memory, like the 3D NAND, are they big drivers as well? It sounds like FinFET and the fact that the fabless guys are, in conglomerate, all of your biggest customers per se. Are you going to see much of an impact once the industry moves to some of these other memory technologies?
Aart J. de Geus: Oh, absolutely, although they're not completely linked. And there's a key reason for that, which is that the largest portion of the industry that has -- that sees the biggest benefit in changing the performance power segment is clearly the mobile side of the industry. Now the power equation is starting to impact the cloud side as well, because these very large centers of servers are heavily eating up too much power. But that's going to be a little slower. So mobility is driving this, and mobility is just incredibly hunger for -- hungry for even more performance. We're essentially limited by battery power. And since most of the computational energy goes into the core processors, that is where the emphasis on FinFET is going to be first. Now memories are following their own track of technology development, but they have the very same need of being very, in this case, being very, very price sensitive. And so we are going to see more and more push there, as well, in parallel to the processors. By the way, when I say processors, I should clarify that I mean not just the apps processors, but any other form as well. The graphics processors are key, the DSP processors as well.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And so once you guys -- it really comes down to just battery life as the main driver of the mobile consumer today.
Aart J. de Geus: Yes. In many ways, largely because I think battery improvements, and don't quote me on the number, but I think is maybe in the 10% to 15% per year, which is woefully insufficient versus what we wish our phone could do. And therefore, I think any advances in semiconductors are going to be of very high value. And by the way, I think this is going to continue in years to come because the demand for more compute power will, if nothing else accelerate with the type of applications that are possible. Therefore, over time, I certainly have hopes that we will see some more migration of capital and money flow into the semiconductor industry, precisely because there's such a high leverage on being able to improve the performance power ratio of a number of these chips.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Brian, to start with you, just to reconcile some revenue numbers here. You had an unusually large increase in your Asia-Pacific revenues, both year-over-year and sequentially, but your upfront revenues declined sequentially by a fair amount. So was the increase in Asia Pac largely tied to the increase in TBL revenues generally? And was IP and/or services the main driver to that increase in Asia Pac?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes. Let's go through a couple of your points here. One is that APAC did have a very strong quarter and, when we look at trailing 12 months, is doing very, very well as well, so a very strong region for the company. In terms of the mix of products, of course, it fluctuates from quarter-to-quarter. When we look at -- now that, of course, we have an increased hardware business, we have more business coming in the areas of percentage completion or milestone-based accounting for our revenues. And also, that we see from time to time, royalty is coming through in a quarter-to-quarter basis. So there will be some natural fluctuations from quarter-to-quarter. And I don't link it specifically to the region but, overall, for the company. But APAC is very strong for us, and looking at very strong year-over-year growth.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So just to clarify on that, so it was a variety of things. It wasn't necessarily a single, large, scheduled TBL payment or anything like that.
Brian M. Beattie: Right, that's correct.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. For Aart, let's see how far we can take the Intel discussion. When you last publicly disclosed a renewal with them, which was August 2007, there were some comments you made at the time with regard to technology collaboration and work with them. So perhaps you could comment in what ways the arrangement now might, in any way, be different from what you talked about back then. Also at that time, in 2007, your quarterly revenue run rate with them that you disclosed was roughly, let's call it, $34 million a quarter. Now based on recent disclosures, you're up to over $50 million a quarter. Some of that's inorganic, of course, but would you foresee a prospect of further material increases in the run rate with them as we've seen over the last 5 to 6 years?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, if nothing else, Jay, you're keeping very good notes. But unfortunately, I'm not going to add much to the notes because we don't comment about the business relationship with -- we have with our customers. Intel is obviously, visibly so, an important technology driver and has been a very good partner to us, and all I can say is that, that relationship continues on that basis.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. On the IP business, I think you've mentioned in an earlier call that you have something like 1,400 engineers now in that business. Could you just remind us what proportion of that headcount is inwardly focused in terms of R&D versus customer engagements where you're doing projects for customers that -- apart from the internal R&D work that you do?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, the number I mentioned was 1,700. And I'm not quite sure how to answer the question because these are engineers that are essentially developing IP for customers. Some of the IP is very generic. Some of the IP gets tuned specifically for the customers' technology. And whenever an IP is not fully synthesizable, you have to do that in order to take advantage of the specific nature of their silicon node. And the node is not only single node, it often has different characteristics being optimized for performance or low power, for example. And so the breadth of the type of these engagements is quite broad, but the number I mentioned is all really fundamentally in the development and delivery of IP to the customer.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, a couple of last things. You mentioned in your prepared remarks that you had a win in Japan. Could we speak about Japan a little bit more broadly? Because it's been obvious for the last number of years that it's been shrinking in importance to EDA as a percentage of EDA spend. And yet we've seen, in the last couple of quarters or so, some renewed momentum among other technical software companies. And I'm wondering if this particular win is indicative of all. Are they a reinvestment cycle that may be occurring in Japan vis-à-vis EDA as a whole and not just this one particular success that you've had there?
Aart J. de Geus: Just for the record, I did not mention any specific win in Japan. But on the general topic of Japan, it is very clear that over the last -- no, actually, more than a decade, but visibly so in the last half decade or so, that the Japan economy and the semiconductor industry, in particular, have been under enormous pressure, while we, as a company, are doing quite well. I'd like to link to one of the things that Brian said earlier, which is this very change in the valuation of the yen is viewed in Japan as at least the beginning of a ray of hope that they become more competitive on a worldwide basis. And with that, the opportunity for their business to sort of restart themselves beyond the somewhat stale situation that the industry has been in. Now having said that, there are a number of companies that have taken very aggressive steps in consolidating or in streamlining their businesses. And like any other part of the world, these changes are difficult to do. They take some time. But after a while, they -- the positive impact starts to show. So we certainly hope that the industry in Japan, in semiconductors, will grow again and potentially also refocus on some of the newer opportunity spaces. And the indications are a little bit better than they were, actually, just 6 months ago. But having said that, these are macroeconomic events that are certainly far beyond our control as a company.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, would you care to comment on the announcement earlier this week by Cadence of a potentially competitive offering versus PT?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, of course, this is DAC season. And you will see a wave of announcements of products that are all better than what was ever built before, and the reality will sink in over time. So no, I don't think that there's anything more to be said right now. We will have to see what the reality is. And obviously, we have a strong competitor in Cadence, and we will compete equally strongly back.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Aart, can you comment on the design win you talked about this quarter you had was -- which product area that was in and what was the driver for your design win?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think, I mentioned the term design wins when summarizing how far our USB franchise and delivery had gone. Because it's quite astounding how the IP business for us has evolved over a number of years. And sometimes, we work so hard that we don't realize how many designs have actually utilized our IP. And in that context, I think the 3,000th design win of USB was actually, I think, quite remarkable. Having said that, the other aspect where there were design wins comes in is literally every day, meaning that no matter how good a company we hope we are, we have to prove every day again that we're worthy of the responsibility of being on the top chips for tomorrow. And therefore, we do have a very active engagement in the field through our technical support team. And the good news is, I think we are really massively involved in all the new advanced chips. And in that context, every day, there's, somewhere in the world, some good news of being selected again to continue that journey. But it's also the responsibility and the fun challenge to actually have to deliver on chips that are driving the boundaries of what we can do. And so in that context, I think the FinFET efforts, be it through the tools that are very much on top of it, I think already, the IP that is in very rapid development and now, increasingly, the technical skills in our field to support our customers, these are all very positive indicators for the future that we have with the people driving the most important design wins.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And just a follow-up on the FinFET. You mentioned that you have experience designing with FinFET. Can you give us a little bit more color, where is the more profound impact in terms of the different tools? Is it more in the device simulation or placement or power closure? Where is the most profound changes you had to make in the tools to enable the FinFET?
Aart J. de Geus: Good question. It's actually very much across the board, because it starts with really the design of both the technology, which, by the way, is moving to a very, very small node, 14-, 16-nanometer. And with that, there's a lot of lithography type of issues, but there's also lithography creeping into the place en route by virtue of what's called double-patterning. Secondly, the entire layout space is highly impacted, because the nature of the transistor will change the timing and power calculations. But the layout is also influenced greatly by all the rules that you have to follow to place these things on the chip just right. And when I say rules, we're talking essentially a doubling of rules of 2,000 to 4,000 rules that you have to follow. And then, indirectly, it really impacts, or it will impact, I should say, going forward the entire verification space. Because all the way down to the SPICE level, simulation of the transistor, all the way up to the sheer number of transistors, and therefore, complexity of chip verification from a functional point of view. So it is quite remarkable the breadth of it, but it's also quite rewarding because that is the very, very reason that we can see how much impact this will have on design and on electronics going forward. Then summarizing all of that, it also impacts every one of the building blocks. And again, you can look at the transistor as being literally the smallest atomic building block, all the way to the large pieces of IP that have to be tuned for these technologies. And as I mentioned in the context of an earlier question, we have been working on IP developments, be it in memories or libraries or building blocks, now already for quite a while. And in that sense, I think we are very much in sync with the foundries as they roll out their production-ready solutions.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then one more question I'd like to follow up on, the topic that was discussed, is the 20-nanometer being a transitory node. Will it be possible for you to give us a quantitative sense on what will be the -- what is your expectation for big design starts on 28, 20 and 14, so that we can get an idea for how big or how small this 20-nanometer is going to be?
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, let me give you a little bit of sense. For the 28 -- 28-, 32-nanometer node, we actually have stopped tracking. And what that means is we count the early chips up until 500. After that, it becomes completely untrackable. And so that node, I think, will continue to be a big node in the sense that a lot of designs will aggregate there. On the 20-, 22-nanometer, we have, I think, about 100 designs and growing on the radar scope. And then we do not communicate the 14-, 16-nanometer, partially because there's too much confidential information in that. But I can only tell you that there are some very hard-driving folks engaged in both test chips and production chips there.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Satya Kumar with Crédit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: This is Farhan asking the question on behalf of Satya. Question on the fragmentation in the foundry. Like, recently there's been some large companies which have indicated that they are entering the foundry space. Compared to 3, 4 years ago, there are more companies doing foundry works. How does that effect the EDA world? And does that imply that you have a greater amount of OpEx now needed because you have to support multiple design flows? And also, is that leading to more design activity because people have to design for different foundries?
Aart J. de Geus: To be honest, the -- acoustically, it was a little hard to understand. So let me try to formulate the question and see if I answer the right one, which is, as the foundry landscape is changing and a number of the foundries are -- and a number of their users are trying to use multiple foundries, what all do you have to support? Because in that context, the number of nodes sort of multiplies in the dark, so to speak, meaning that, not only do you have these smaller and smaller nodes, but you have variations on each one of those for performance, power and maybe cost. And so it is certainly true that this puts a fairly heavy burden on us, but also on the foundries, to have the complete ecosystem ready. And the good news on our side is that we have designed our tools to be extremely flexible for a variety of parameters. And therein lies actually one of the differentiating essences of what Synopsys has built, literally for the last 20 years, all the way starting to synthesis and through the physical implementation, which is we can read in the characteristics of different technology nodes and their variations, and then optimize the circuit based on that. And so if a certain node, let's say, may have some better capabilities in low power, we will take advantage of that automatically in the tools. Now having said that, the one area where the -- that is sometimes challenged is as you develop IP, that has to be individually optimized, in some cases, almost manually for best results because it's going to get reused so much. Now we need to have working contract with the customers so that we can invest the resources to do that, deliver it on time. And they have a strong interest that their IP looks really good because that will attract their customers to go to them. And so there's an economic relationship there that has to jive. And moreover, there's a temporal relationship because they want to have their technology ready at the same time as the tools being ready at the same time as the IP being ready and at the same time as the support being ready. And of course, you are talking about things that are really state-of-the-art. And so predicting the right arrival time is not always trivial. But we're working closely with, as I said, all of the top foundries on that. And again, I think it's both a privilege and an opportunity to be at the center of gravity of this whole next wave of capability.
Operator: And I'll turn it back to our speakers for closing remarks.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, at this point in time, thank you for attending the call. I think we communicated to you that we had really an excellent quarter and, moreover, are making really great progress in many of the technology directions that, I believe, will profoundly impact semiconductors in the years to come. And so, from that perspective, as much as the pressure is on us to continue to deliver, the privilege is here to be part of that, right? And we're looking forward at finishing our year well within the targets that we've given you. Thank you so much, and we'll be available for questions afterwards as usual.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-02-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank Aart J. de Geus - Co-Founder, Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Brian M. Beattie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter Fiscal Year 2013. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last 1 hour. And 5 minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Rochelle. Good afternoon, everyone. With us on the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our remarks this afternoon, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss plans, forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company, its business and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and today's earnings press release. All financial information to be discussed on this conference call, the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, the earnings press release and the financial supplement that we released today. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart J. de Geus: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I am happy to report that in Q1, our business, technology progress and customer engagements were strong across the board. We met or beat every target we communicated last quarter, achieving revenue of $475 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.67. As a result of this excellent start to the year, as well as reinstatements of the federal R&D tax credit, we're raising our non-GAAP earnings per share outlook for fiscal 2013 to a range of $2.35 to $2.40, up solidly from our high single-digit guidance into double-digit growth. Brian will provide more financial detail in just a minute. Before discussing some highlights, let me briefly comment on the customer landscape, which fundamentally has not changed much from last quarter but benefits from a slightly more stable macroeconomic outlook. Against this backdrop, we see the semiconductor industry continuing a very aggressive push, both in terms of technology and efficiency. The technology drive is motivated by companies seeking to differentiate themselves by adopting a wave of emerging new semiconductor capabilities. The efficiency push addresses the challenge of delivering these new technologies under aggressive product cycle and cost requirements. The EDA industry, and Synopsys in particular, is a key partner in these quests. Increasingly, customers see their EDA relationship as an essential differentiator in their market battles. Although difficult to generalize in our very competitive landscape, we do sense a bit of improvement in the pricing environment and business terms. The corollary to my comment on differentiation is this. Customers and suppliers increasingly realize that to navigate the intersection of advanced technology, unforgiving time to market and intense competition, close collaboration is essential. Synopsys' focus on both points tool [ph] leadership and integrated solutions makes us a desirable supplier, and our collaboration with advanced customers and key partners continues to yield great results. Just last week, for example, we further expanded our broad collaboration agreement with ARM to include the latest ARMv8 processor models. Working with mutual customers, Synopsys and ARM jointly accelerate product development cycles around ARM's latest processors. State-of-the-art collaboration relies on the constant delivery of new capabilities, so let me provide some recent product highlights. On the implementation side, Synopsys supports a continued aggressive adoption of more complex design nodes. Simultaneously, we see a fundamental discontinuity in the structure of the transistor. We're closely working with silicon providers to roll out evolving technology to address these challenges. With the structure of the transistor itself migrating from horizontal to new vertical FinFETs, better power and performance open the door to great new applications. It also brings about a slew of technical challenges in EDA and IP, challenges for which Synopsys is particularly well equipped, again making us a key partner in our customers' future differentiation. As an example of how customers rely on us, 90% of 20-nanometer and below tape-outs today have used Synopsys implementation, while we're already working with some all the way back down to 10 nanometers. Synopsys is the only EDA company that has been investing for many years in FinFET enablement throughout our portfolio, from 3-dimensional TCAD simulation to photolithography to manufacturing tools, to physical placement, routing, extraction and verification, to circuit simulation and custom design, all the way to sophisticated IP libraries, memories and building blocks. A good example of multiyear collaboration in this area is with Samsung, where we successfully taped out the first test chip on their 14-nanometer low-power process. Samsung chose Synopsys as its FinFET partner because of our successful 20-nanometer collaboration history and our comprehensive FinFET focus throughout our portfolio. As advanced transistor research accelerates, demand for our 3D TCAD products continues to grow. For example, during the quarter, we expanded our collaboration with Imec, a world-leading research center, to jointly optimize FinFET technology for 10-nanometer and below design. Multiyear collaborations have not only yielded a number of advanced tape-outs, but today, we are also selling our own FinFET-based embedded memory libraries and logic IP. Finally, through the acquisition of SpringSoft, we also have a FinFET-ready custom implementation solution. Notwithstanding the emphasis on advanced technology, our business with customers who are focused on more established nodes is also strong. These customers invariably squeeze performance, power and area out of their chips to be competitive. We recently demonstrated that advances made in our leading-edge tools have great impact on established nodes as well, most notably in run time and capacity, which is a good transition to the topic of verification. The move to smaller transistors also enables the other side of Moore's Law, many more transistors. Indeed, the overall complexity of not only chips but systems of chips is precisely what makes continued end product innovation possible. Verifying these products is the largest bottleneck in electronics. Just looking at the latest smartphones, one finds multiple multicore processors with hundreds of millions of transistors coupled with complex operating systems, applications, networking and wireless protocols. Not only is the hardware complex, but so is the interaction of the hardware and the software. Solving these verification challenges has been a major focus for Synopsys for many years. Today, we are the market leader in both leading-edge digital verification with about 70% of advanced designs using -- utilizing Synopsys and analog simulation, where 80% of the designs rely on our tools. VCS, which continues to grow well, is the fastest simulator on the market today. With the acquisition of EVE, we also have added the fastest hardware emulator, and combined with our HAPS FPGA boards, we cover the entire hardware validation and hardware software verification space. With the acquisition of SpringSoft, we've added to our portfolio the most compressive open debug system, thus, addressing the entire verification market with outstanding point tools. We have started to combine the best features of these, and we're driving integration of all the elements into a full-line verification solution. Initial customer reaction has been strongly positive, as we have quickly asked for feedback from them. We're now well into the process of developing and communicating combined roadmaps. Both the EVE and SpringSoft integrations are progressing very well. The third area I would like to briefly highlight is IP and Systems, which now represents 1/4 of our revenue. We're the second largest IP vendor with approximately 1,400 IP engineers worldwide designing the most complex IP blocks, importing to all key foundry processes. After 15 years of investment, our DesignWare IP is shipped in more than 1 billion chips per year. Every 2 days, a chip is taped out using our USB. Every week, a chip tapes out with our PCI Express, and customers have already delivered tens of millions of chips containing our 28-nanometer IP. Today, Synopsys is the #1 vendor in interface cores, analog IP and embedded memories. And the market for more IP, including the sub-20-nanometer nodes, continues to expand. We intend to grow our IP business at double-digit rate while gradually increasing its profitability, as we've successfully done in the last 2 years. In systems, we're seeing momentum in both software and hardware-based prototyping. This is promising as we've invested in this area for a number of years, believing that hardware/software verification, as well as the ability to develop software earlier in the process would grow in importance over time. This quarter, 2 large and influential electronic companies increased deployment of virtual prototyping, driving good run rate growth. As the key enabler to early modeling of chips for software development, we expect virtual prototyping to grow gradually and become more mainstream as system complexity emerges as the weak link in time to market. Bridging between systems and verification, our earlier mentioned FPGA-based prototyping systems, HAPS is doing very well also. With a who's who of customers, our newly launched HAPS-70 Series, which uses the most advanced FPGAs on the market, was named Electronics Design's 2012 EDA Product of the Year. In summary, Synopsys is doing very well in all dimensions: technology progress, customer collaboration and financial execution. In Q1, we delivered results that serve as an excellent start to the year. And as a consequence, we're raising EPS guidance to reflect confidence in our outlook. I will now turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian M. Beattie: Well, thank you, Aart, and good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with our guidance for Q2 and the full year. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year, unless I specify otherwise. Now Synopsys delivered an excellent quarter, meeting or exceeding all of the quarterly financial targets that we provided in December. Q1 financial results were highlighted by double-digit growth in both revenue and non-GAAP earnings. And now some additional detail. As a reminder, Q1 of FY '12 included an extra fiscal week, affecting revenue and total non-GAAP expenses by approximately $25 million and $16 million, respectively. Total revenue was $475 million, an increase of 12% compared to a year ago and at the high end of our target range. Normalizing for the extra week in FY '12, revenue grew 19%. Greater than 90% of Q1 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog and one customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of first quarter revenue. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was about 2.4 years, affected by a couple of large 1-year add-on deals. We continue to expect the average duration for fiscal 2013 to be about 2.7 years. Turning to expenses. Q1 total GAAP costs and expenses were $414 million, which included $32 million of amortization of intangible assets and $18 million of stock-based compensation. Q1 total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $355 million, an expected year-over-year increase due to increases in compensation and other expenses from our recent acquisitions. Non-GAAP operating margin was 25% for the quarter. For all of FY '13, we are on track to expand non-GAAP operating margin by approximately 100 basis points over FY '12. Turning now to earnings. GAAP earnings per share were $0.45. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased 20% to $0.67, exceeding our target range. Normalizing for the extra week in FY '12, earnings grew 31%. Earnings outperformance was driven primarily by a lower-than-expected tax rate, as well as higher-than-expected other income, along with operational execution. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 18% for the quarter, well below our target range, driven primarily by January's reinstatement of the federal R&D tax credit for fiscal years 2012 and 2013. The Q1 2013 tax rate includes a retroactive benefit of $6 million for fiscal year 2012, in addition to the impact of the tax credit for Q1 of 2013. As a result, we now think that a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 23% is a reasonable estimate for FY '13. Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items. We ended the quarter with $550 million in cash and cash equivalents with 27% onshore and 73% offshore. As expected, there was a net operating cash outflow. The Q1 outflow of $91 million was due primarily to the timing of our prior year annual incentive compensation payments. We continue to target operating cash flow of at least $350 million in FY '13. During the quarter, we paid back $7.5 million of our outstanding term loan. We did not spend back cash -- spent cash to repurchase our stock. However, we will consider buying back stock during the year, the amount and timing of which would depend on acquisition opportunities. We have approximately $272 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. DSO declined 7 days to 52 days. And we ended Q1 with 8,165 employees with about 1/3 in lower-cost geographies. Now let's address our second quarter and fiscal 2013 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For the second quarter of FY '13, our targets are: revenue between $490 million and $500 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $409 million and $425 million, which includes approximately $17 million of stock-based compensation expense; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $362 million and $372 million; other income and expense between $1 million and a negative $1 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of 24% to 25%; outstanding shares between 154 million and 158 million; GAAP earnings of $0.38 to $0.44 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.63 to $0.65 per share. We expect about 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog. Now our fiscal 2013 outlook. Revenue between $1.955 billion and $1.975 billion, a growth rate of approximately 11% to 12%, or 13% to 14% excluding the extra week in 2012; other income and expense between $1 million and $5 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 23%; outstanding shares between $155 million and $159 million; GAAP earnings per share of $1.44 to $1.56, which includes the impact of approximately $70 million of stock-based compensation expense; and non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.35 to $2.40, which represents solid double-digit year-over-year growth; capital expenditures of approximately $70 million. And as I mentioned earlier, we're targeting cash flow from operations of at least $350 million. To assist in your modeling, second half revenue is expected to be greater than first half revenue, and total non-GAAP expenses are expected to be skewed towards the second half of the year. In summary, we're pleased with our excellent first quarter results, highlighted by top and bottom line growth and continued solid operating margin. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Rich Valera of Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Aart, you mentioned that you are seeing maybe a slightly more stable macroenvironment. But I would think that government agencies and perhaps aerospace companies that are exposed to government might be seeing some hesitation due to the potential for sequestration coming. And have you seen any of that? And if not, do you think you might?
Aart J. de Geus: Thanks, Rich. It's a good question. We have indeed seen a little bit of that with some of the government-related businesses that are just a little bit more careful before committing to whatever renewal they may have. At the same time, that is a relatively small portion of our business and is completely overshadowed by the much bigger companies, certainly bigger in terms of their EDA spending, that are driving all the commercial markets and the global markets. And so I just happen to know of one case where what you said is true, and that's all I know. So it's not very heavy on our mind.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: No, that's great. And then, Aart, some pretty positive comments with respect to your positioning with respect to FinFET adoption and the move to kind of 3D. Can you say if you think you're seeing incremental purchasing for FinFET implementation sort of above and beyond what you might have seen, if folks have been sticking with 2D? Or do you think this is sort of a normal progression that there's sort of a continuous progression where there's always purchasing being done for sort of the next technology?
Aart J. de Geus: So I do not think it's the normal progression. And actually, one of the reasons I'm bullish on FinFET, in general, is because I think FinFET heralds another decade of Moore's Law. And that's a pretty bold statement given how many people have said, well, it's all getting too expensive, too difficult, which are all sort of true statements. But the fact is from being an interesting idea 2 years ago to at least one company having already a shift in production FinFET capabilities to now all the key manufacturers really raising forward to get this capability, you can, at a minimum, see an industry that's making a big bet that FinFET adds new life to Moore's Law. And in my opinion, there's actually a fairly simple explanation why it's good and it's a difficult explanation on how do you make it work, which is that FinFETs have the potential over this continually and performance power ratio. And power has been one of the key limiters in modern semiconductors. The fact that it's difficult is actually something we love because Synopsys is focused on making problems like that go away. And in that context, I'm not surprised at all that there are heavy investments in simulation, in modeling. I think we have the place and routes and things already completely under control. And so now the next phase is really for the semiconductor industry to arrive at good yields for this, and that will take a couple of years. But I wouldn't be surprised if a number of design companies go fairly light on the 20-nanometer node because they really want to go full bore on the FinFET wave. And so there's a lot of work that we have and can do with those companies. And from that perspective, I think it bodes well for the EDA industry.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then I'm wondering if you can give some thoughts on the emulation market and the growth prospects there. Obviously, you became a sort of a new player in that with your EVE acquisition. Obviously, one of the largest players in that market in their recent report said they were looking for a down year in '13. So I was just wondering what your thoughts are on the medium-term growth prospects for the emulation market.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think that for any given company, you can have up and down years partially because that's just the reality of when people buy something, they may buy a lot and then they don't buy that much the subsequent year. I wouldn't make too much out of these ups and downs. I think in general, there's no question that verification is a big topic, that's going to be bigger as we see even more transistors and even bigger systems needing to be verified. In the emulation field, of course, everybody hopes that they have the gold standard of technology. But the reality there is that there are different needs and applications. And I think we will see steady growth for all the players. So I expect it to be a healthy market even if there may be quarter-to-quarter some ups and downs.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And just one final one, if I could, for you, Brian. I mean, it looks like you guys beat by about $0.12 on the quarter and you mentioned what the different contributing factors were. And you increased your EPS range for the year by about $0.09. So wondering if maybe there was some shifting of expenses out of the first quarter or something that maybe you're figuring or that catch you in Q2 or Q3. Any color on that will be helpful.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, maybe what I can do is just kind of break out some of the significant overachievements in the quarter and how that profiles into the rest of the year. So first off, in terms of the achievements, we had about $0.06 flow-through as a result of the federal R&D tax credits for both '12 and '13. And that means about $0.04 for '12 and about $0.02 for the first quarter of '13. We had some improvements on other income that related to mark-to-market adjustments we had for our currency hedges. And we don't expect that to reiterate again for the rest of the year. And then we had some operational improvements, a little bit higher revenue, a little bit less in terms of spending. And then as you say, we did increase our overall guidance by about $0.09, which reflects that, plus the continuing R&D tax credit for quarters 2 through 4. So that gives us the additional $0.03 just coming from the tax side. So the rest of the year, we look at it. It's still early on. It obviously gives us the flexibility of making the target investments we need to invest in for providing that longer-term growth such as the IP areas. And again, happy to see we now have top line double-digit growth in '13 and top line bottom line growth as well.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Krish Sankar of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Thomas Yeh calling in for Krish Shankar. Given the strong M&A activity in FY '12, I just wanted to get your view on capital allocation this year. Will your primary use of cash still largely be focused on acquisitions? Or could priorities start shifting towards maybe buybacks or potentially a dividend?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, as you know, we have multiple ways to use the cash, and M&A is something that you have to sort of build up towards. And so at any point in time, we want to maintain a certain amount of cash level. We have a little bit of debt that we are very gradually buying back. That is just a good health discipline. In that context, the 2 things that we really trade off is M&A versus buybacks. And we contemplate both pretty much all the time. And so we have an open authorization from the board. We have done it in the past. We are certainly well versed in understanding that decreasing the share count is a good thing. At the same time, doing good acquisitions grows the business going forward. And as you well know, we don't comment much about any M&A we may do. But fundamentally, our strategies at Synopsys have not changed. In terms of dividend, that is not a pathway that we have chosen to date, and we are not really contemplating it right now either.
Brian M. Beattie: And maybe, Tom, if I may just add to that as well. Of course, as you know, buybacks require U.S. cash to be able to enact that. And we're currently sitting after the end of our first quarter with about $150 million in U.S. cash. And again, we anticipate that amount -- apart from M&A discussions, we expect that amount to continue to grow from now until the end of the year as well, which gives us more flexibility on that side, too.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's very helpful. And can you talk a little bit about progress around the integration of EVE? And within your unchanged revenue guidance for the full year, should we still be expecting roughly $100 million from both EVE and SpringSoft combined?
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, I think that number feels in the right ballpark, although I don't recall exactly what times we may have given. One of the reasons, to be honest, I don't quite recall the guidance, is once we start integrating, it is quite surprising how quickly the old companies fade away largely because we have the benefit of a much broader sales force and a broader market appeal. And the products get either integrated or associated with other things that we sell. Having said that, I think the progress on integration is actually quite good. We have no big surprises to deal with. We are, of course, looking immediately at areas where we can strengthen the technology or areas where customers are looking at us now having a broader portfolio. And in general, the verification field is one where we clearly added a lot of capabilities. Lastly, the ultimate barometer, of course, is the customer reaction. The initial reactions have been very positive. And so the next 12-month reactions is, of course, in terms of so, how much do they buy, and that will be the metric against which we measure our success.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And final one from me. You talked a little bit about IP. Can you provide us an update on the percentage of IP that is currently outsourced today? And will you see that penetration of outsourced IP reaching over the next year or 2 where it's expected to level off?
Aart J. de Geus: There are a lot of different estimates on that. One of them says that today, about 50% is outsourced. But having literally just had the, not exactly that discussion but a similar discussion yesterday with the product -- the vice president of marketing of group, he was commenting that it's not only that percentage itself that is relevant, it's also the fact that IP we use in general is growing. And so I think right now, we see a good horizon for our capabilities because it is growing, also because the type of IP is becoming more and more complex. And again, that plays well to our strength. So it's an area that, while demanding investments to build the IP, I think the business potential is good for us.
Operator: And the next question from the line of Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Aart, I'm just kind of curious. For 2013, what do you think are the end markets that are going to pull through that demand, and especially that demand for the smaller geometry and FinFET design chips?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, in one word, mobile, right? Mobile just drives everything still like crazy for a couple of reasons. A, it's super high volume. And so that gets everybody's attention, and therefore, there's also a high attention being put on the price of the chips. But secondly is because everything mobile is limited in its performance by the power consumption. And so any promise that one could have more capabilities with, let's say, the same power, because that's typically what happens, is of high value in future product differentiation. I do not expect that to change at all. Now around mobility, of course, is the whole infrastructure that has to support this. Sometimes people call it the cloud. Sometimes people call it the compute centers but -- or data centers. And they are essentially a reflection of not only the amount of -- the number of mobile devices but also the tremendous traffic that is engendered by them. Both of these -- those will continue. The number of companies that are leading this is not super large but is very, very focused and very aggressive. And so that is why I have a high degree of confidence that as soon as FinFET yields well, we're going to see a lot of activity there.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. On the contract duration side, can you give us an idea, if you strip out the 1-year deals, what duration would have looked like? And can you confirm again, did I hear correct, those 1-year deals were only add-ons, they were not renewals?
Brian M. Beattie: That's correct, yes. We had just a number of add-ons where customers already have a 3-year deal. And then they look towards the end of the contract expiry and say, "Hey, we just need another 1-year addition to what we already have in place to handle some additional seats and applications." So that's how they look at it. Our average, again, for the year, we'll say, is the 2.7 to 2.8 years. And just based on the first quarter that came in at 2.4, we think it will revert back to the mean.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right. So stripping out those 1-year, there's nothing that dissuade you from that 2.7 for the year, obviously?
Brian M. Beattie: No, no, it doesn't, no.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then back to the guidance question; the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit and the performance in the first quarter, did you guys decide to increase investment for either the rest of the year or perhaps the second half? Or can you just maybe give us at least the -- some additional color on your thoughts around what the operating margin for the year in terms of what you're thinking about how it trends there?
Brian M. Beattie: Absolutely. Yes, we're still on track on the operating margin question, to be approximately 100 basis points improvement, which builds on last year's 100-basis-point improvement as well. When we look at the profile, again, the R&D tax credit is great and then it provided us that flexibility. As we look at the whole year, we've seen a very good first quarter come through, forecast also a very strong second quarter. And then as we just look at it in terms of tweaking the overall quarterly profile of expenses to maintain that double-digit EPS growth as well for the year. And in the second half is typically where you see the impact coming from compensation increases that are in place from our facilities around the world. We see that factor coming in, some increased headcount as a result of the investments. And these investments in the second half are really essential as we drive continued growth through '14 and beyond. So again, we're just targeting those investments towards the back half of the year, and that's what's factored into our profile.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And last question because I know it's going to come up -- it's already come up in a couple of conversations with investors. Looking at the quarter, the sales and marketing expenses where one area that provided some EPS upside, at least relative to our estimates. And we all think about sales commissions tied to bookings from that line item. Is there anything in the 1-year add-on deals that perhaps leads to lower sales commission expense that could explain it or anything else that we should kind of factor in?
Brian M. Beattie: Not really, no. I'd just stay with the total year expectation around expenses that we were addressing. And it just reflects from quarter to quarter the amount of profile towards the business levels that come through. And other than that, it comes in a little bit this quarter and the next quarter goes back up, that type of thing. It just moves around. So again, it's just some of the hiring, some of the headcount that came in a little bit lighter than we anticipated, and anticipate that picking up again in the second quarter and beyond.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the next question from the line of Thomas Diffely of D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just first, Brian, to clarify, you said there was a $0.02 impact from the R&D tax for the -- in the first quarter?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, that's correct. Yes, for the FY '13 impact.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And what was your expectation then for the full year? Is it $0.02 per quarter?
Brian M. Beattie: No, it's about a $0.01 each over the next 3 quarters. So it's about $0.05 for FY '13 and about $0.04 for FY '12. That makes up your $0.09 profile.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay, all right. And then when you look at the kind of the increase in the non-GAAP expenses in the second half, is that more fourth quarter loaded like it typically is?
Brian M. Beattie: It's a little bit more towards the fourth quarter, but almost even, just a little bit higher in the fourth, based on the profile we've got right now. And again, those compensation increases kick in about the June timeframe, and then the rest is profile of the investment and headcount growth that we've got. So it kind of leans a little bit towards the fourth but not too far off the third.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then earlier, you guys were talking about the pricing getting a little bit better. Was that on the core EDA side versus the IP side?
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, it's on the core business.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And also, Aart, we've heard from some of the large foundries lately that there's been a ramp-up in 20-nanometer business with some new customers that's actually emerging out of Asia, China, in particular. Is that becoming a meaningful part of your business at this point, some of these new fabless players at the leading edge?
Aart J. de Geus: Yes and no. China has been growing in general over the last few years. And in parallel to that, the technical competence has steadily moved up. And so now there are a few players in China that do very advanced design. And of course, they tend to quickly also become the biggest spenders in that geography. Even so, they are still relatively small compared to the really very large international companies that have been leading the field. But I think this will steadily grow, and we are doing particularly well with them because of the advanced nodes. So I think we are increasingly in a very global world that includes China and the technology just follow suit.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then also earlier, you talked about the FinFET and how that was going to drive growth going forward. Do you see similar trends from things such as 3D NAND that's on the horizon, as well as EUV? How do those technologies impact both your design of your products as well as what the market might be longer term?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, just to clarify, there are 2 types of 3D. One is inside of the chip, which is 3D, often referred to as the FinFET, a vertical transistor. The other 3D that's often used as a term is the stacking in various forms of multiple chips. And for a while, people looked at the second one as an alternative just in case the 3D transistor wasn't coming about. Well, I think the 3D transistor is absolutely coming about, which doesn't negate the need for the second one, but I think that will take its time. When you're talking about things like EUV, you're talking about a whole new form of photolithography. And the jury is still very, very much out in terms of how economically viable this is and when it becomes economically viable. And so most of the investments that go in that direction are in the equipment manufacturing industry. And yes, we touch it a little bit because we have some R&D efforts in photolithography and how to model these things. But from a volume or big deployment point of view, I think it's premature to look at that as a major business.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then finally, on the NAND side, I know memory hasn't been a big driver of EDA tools in general, but when an industry does towards more of the perpendicular -- or I should said say the vertical NAND structure, does that increase complexity enough to kind of kick up the EDA spend?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, if I may slightly correct the perception, we actually have done quite a bit of very good business with memory providers. And there's a lot of simulation that gets done for all of the different memory types. And moreover, memories today are so large that you have to build in all the logic to fix them because almost no memory is perfect. And so they have a lot of self-correcting capabilities, and that actually demands some of the place and route tools. And so it is clearly its own segment. But as a segment per se, we have done quite well with it, and we expect it to continue to grow.
Operator: And the next question from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: A couple of financial questions first for Brian and then market questions for Aart. First, Brian, in the fourth quarter, there was a very close correlation between your IP, your services and your Asia Pac revenues. I'm wondering if there was a similar correlation at all in terms of several forms of business in the first quarter? Or at least perhaps you could explain the strength you saw in your maintenance and services line. And then secondly, for you as well, could you talk about your cash flow expectations? You took up your GAAP earnings expectations for the year, but you left your cash flow the same. It's clear your GAAP net income will be higher for the year, plus your depreciation and amortization and your stock-based comp. So is there something in working capital that you're thinking will be negative or adverse to your total cash flow for the year?
Brian M. Beattie: Good questions. Okay, Jay, let me run through that. On the first one about the services business and our IP business. Over the last 18 months or so, we've seen a small shift in the makeup of the business. So we now see a significant amount of what we call percentage completion on contracts entering from a number of the acquisitions we've done. And as we advance to really some incredible technologies, we have to get in and tweak some of the software that goes into the IP. And when you look at things like percentage completion and deliverables of that, as well as the hardware business now related to both emulation and our hardware prototyping businesses, those have a slightly different profile relative to our traditional 3-year businesses. So again, just as I say, tweaking the profiles of that. Hardware is typically taken upfront. The percentage completion on services is exactly that as the job gets done. But it's typically over a 6-months period and not a 3-year window as a traditional license is taken. So apart from that, anything else is just coincidental based on timing of those deliverables and when we make the commitment. On your cash flow question, as we look at the total year, again, still feel comfortable with approximately $350 million of good cash inflow for the year. And relative to tax benefits and other things that go through, again, it just kind of comes into account for where the specific cash flows are forecast originally. And again, this is predominantly a U.S. R&D tax credit. So obviously, it has an impact on our U.S. taxes payable. And we're in pretty good shape based on that, and it helps build up NOLs and other tax elements for us going forward. So no change to the overall forecast. I think it's a good, solid number. And the other point you brought up about amortizations and capital and all the rest, there's really no change in those numbers for the year.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. For Aart, a couple of things. I'd like to ask how you're thinking about your organic growth in core EDA. And currently, you have high, if not majority, share in a number of large categories. Systems [ph] is obviously implementation, RTL simulation and most of analysis where you have very strong share. Yet each of those categories is not necessarily growing at or above the industry growth rate. So could you talk about your components or your drivers of getting to your, I think, mid-single-digit core EDA growth assumption? Can you -- do you need FinFET and the other incremental forms of business you talked about to just get to mid-single-digit core EDA? Do you think that what you've been talking about tonight can get you above your prior comments about core EDA growth?
Aart J. de Geus: Okay. Well, let me first characterize where this comes from. We've been talking now for a number of years that we enter a year typically with an objective to be high single-digit growth and that we characterize that over a long period of time as the core being in the mid-single digit and then some of the other capabilities such as IP being in double digit. And this all sort of adds up to high single-digit growth. Now having said that, the last 2 years, we clearly exceeded on that. Right now, we just communicated that we are very solidly in double-digit growth for this year, so we anticipate. And so clearly, we have done better in pretty much all the categories than our steady-state model. We just don't give -- we don't want to give an impression that you can just look at many years out and assume that is always the case. You have to work for it. And so in that context, this year, I think we will do better than these assumptions. Clearly, from an overall market growth point of view, in our industry, we're doing very well. And because of that, our focus is already completely moved towards '14 and '15. And last but not least, much of this is sold in fairly complex schools of technology that mix and match a little bit of everything. And so there's always a slight degree of artificiality to pinpoint the exact growth. But I do you think that in our industry, and specifically for Synopsys, we have a wave of pretty good organic growth.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. And then lastly, more on the technical side perhaps. Last year at DAC, the company highlighted that you had enabled your critical tools with double patterning as filling an essential need for a design at 20-nanometer and similar advanced nodes. Tonight, you spoke a number of occasions of FinFET and yield of FinFET. Is there some connection between having double pattern enabled your tools and yield on FinFET? Or is there something more you need to do to meet the industry needs for the kind of yield you referred to in this new technology?
Aart J. de Geus: Okay, a very good technical question. Just to -- for the benefit of everybody, let me make sure you understand what we're talking about. When we're talking about FinFETs, we're talking about transistors that right now, most of the industry is focusing on a very small dimension. And I won't go into too much specifics because different companies are very guarded, rightfully so, on what they do. But typically, it is below 20 nanometers. The connections between these transistors, there's a variety of approaches, from above 20-nanometer to below 20-nanometer. And again, different players are looking at different configurations of how to go to market and how to get yields and how to differentiate themselves. As you go below 20-nanometer for many of these dimensions, it becomes mandatory, in many cases, to not have a single flash of light to illuminate a mask, but multiple flashes of light. That's called double patterning. I won't go into any deeper on the technology than that. But it is very sophisticated because it uses the addition and subtraction of light in order to get much more refinement to the picture. You have to think a little bit about how you probably in grad school developed photographs in a dark lab. In order to get it really sharp, you need very good lenses, and we apply all kinds of tricks to that. Having said that, our tools today are completely conversant with double patterning. And that is the necessity to go to the smaller geometries. We're also conversant with the FinFET structures. And so our tools have been used for FinFET chips that are on the market, in production today. They are being used for pretty much all of the tape-outs for the new chips coming out. And so from that perspective, there's a lot of tuning that will happen between now and high-yield FinFETs. But the fundamental technology, as far as Synopsys is concerned, is in place.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue. Back to you for closing remarks.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, thank you so much for attending this call. As you saw through our results and through the fact that we increased our guidance, we feel that we have good results and a good outlook going forward. And so we appreciate your comments and questions. And as usual, Brian and I will be available for some follow-ups today. Have a good rest of the afternoon.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And that concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-12-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank Aart J. de Geus - Co-Founder, Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Brian M. Beattie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2012. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last 1 hour. 5 minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Chris. Good afternoon, everyone. With us on the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our remarks this afternoon, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss plans, forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company, its business and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and today's earnings press release. All financial information to be discussed on this conference call, the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, the earnings press release and the financial supplement that we released today. All these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart J. de Geus: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Today, I'm happy to report that we closed an excellent Q4, achieving very strong fiscal 2012 results. We completed several important acquisitions during the year, and we're positioned well and feel momentum as we head into 2013. Let me begin with our results. In Q4, we delivered revenue of $454 million, resulting in $1.756 billion for the fiscal year, a 14% increase over 2011. This revenue reflects both excellent organic growth and momentum from key strategic acquisitions. With non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.47 in Q4, we delivered $2.10 for the year, 17% growth and substantially above the target range communicated at the beginning of fiscal '12. Simultaneously, we increased our non-GAAP operating margin over 100 basis points to 23.6% for the year while generating $486 million at operating cash flow. Our 3-year backlog grew to $2.7 billion, and we have approximately 80% of next year's revenue target already in hand. This provides us a high degree of stability in a difficult-to-predict economic environment. In summary, it was a very strong year with double-digit growth in both top and bottom line and excellent momentum into FY '13. We therefore reiterate our intent to deliver ongoing high-single-digit earnings growth and are setting our FY '13 non-GAAP EPS objective of $2.26 to $2.31. Brian will provide more detail in just a minute. Looking forward, let me briefly comment on the customer landscape. While the overall economy is certainly filled with question marks, the semiconductor industry is racing forward through a combination of technology pushes, efficiency drives and competition as our customers vie for share in ever-changing and demanding end markets. While challenging in terms of both technology and support for EDA suppliers, we're observing that customers increasingly see EDA as a differentiator rather than a cost factor. This is very positive for our industry. Meanwhile, design moves forward aggressively, new technology nodes and even new transistor type are rapidly being adopted, and overall complexity demands a strong reliance on leading EDA capabilities. The heightened value of EDA bodes well for our industry. And as tool consumption and demand for new technology continues to rise, Synopsys is clearly benefiting. Our strong financial and backlog position anchors our ability for continued investment, our R&D focus continues to deliver the technology leadership needed by our customers to differentiate themselves and our recent strategic acquisitions form an excellent springboard to deliver some great next generation solutions. From a technology perspective, our customers count on us for 3 fundamental task sets: one, the implementation of designs in smaller and more complex technologies; two, the verification of designs of enormous size and complexity; and three, the availability of a broadening set of the most important IP cores. We have made significant progress in all 3. Let me give a bit more detail while also highlighting the impact and opportunities created by the key acquisitions we closed this year. Starting with the chip implementation flow, we see an unabated push for new technologies in terms of both smaller geometries and the emergence of a new type of vertical transistor called a FinFET. Looking at the now stable but still quite advanced 28-nanometer node, we find that over 90% of the tape-outs use the Synopsys Galaxy Implementation Platform. While much more design will be done in this node, the most advanced companies are now migrating to the 20-nanometer node and below technologies. This migration is done with extensive help on Synopsys' part, and we are now assisting on approximately 100 20-nanometer designs. Leading edge companies such as Samsung and ST have described 20-nanometer designs using our tools for more than 2 years, attesting to the early robustness and reliability of our solutions. As a result, Galaxy has been used in approximately 90% of 20-nanometer tape-outs thus far. Recognizing our leadership, TSMC named Synopsys a Partner of the Year for 2012 for joint delivery of the TSMC 20-nanometer reference flow, which includes the entire Galaxy Platform. In this context, it is also worthwhile to note that the acquisition of Magma brought a number of new technologies and the opportunity to strengthen several customer relationships. After first conducting and listening to our customers, we delivered technical roadmaps within 90 days of closing the acquisition. We aligned with a number of key customers to accelerate their move to more advanced nodes, and we integrated the joint R&D teams to immediately fuse the best capabilities each company had to offer. For example, in the December release of our timing tools, we are delivering substantial accelerations and new capabilities resulting in part from the combination of best-in-class algorithms. This also holds true in the analog/mixed signal space where customers are already responding to the strength of our new FastSPICE roadmap. The other technology drive is around FinFETs, which I mentioned are the leading new type of vertical transistor, enabling Moore's Law to continue to smaller nodes while dramatically reducing power consumption. After investing for many years with the technology leaders, Synopsys is far ahead an EDA FinFET enablement. The technical challenges of FinFET require new approaches in the manufacturing area. Our market-leading TCAD products are used to perform 3-dimensional simulations of these new devices, and our mask synthesis products enable foundries to perform highly advanced corrections. Our sense of collaboration with all the partners within the ecosystem, including foundries, early adopters and research institutions, has led us to deliver best-in-class technologies throughout our portfolio. We have developed and successfully deployed our own FinFET circuits in the form of FinFET-based embedded Memory and Logic IP, with a broad range of IP in the pipeline for 2013. Our Galaxy Platform is not only FinFET-ready, it has been extensively used for a number of successful production FinFET take-outs. With a continued push towards smaller devices come the benefits but also the challenges of significantly more complex chips. Nowhere this more visible than in the growing amount of verification needed, which has become not only the biggest design time consumer but often the bottleneck to completing designs period. Synopsys was already well placed, but the 2 acquisitions, EVE and SpringSoft, now enhance our portfolio and open the door to delivering a complete next generation verification solution. Even prior to these acquisitions, Synopsys was the clear leader in both advanced digital verification, in which 70% of advanced designs utilize Synopsys and analog simulation, where we serve approximately 80% of the market segment. SpringSoft brings the leading debug environment, addressing what today takes up about 35% to 50% of engineers' verification effort. With EVE, we acquired the fastest hardware emulator in a rapidly growing industry. The feedback from customers has been remarkably positive. They see Synopsys as a company that has all the pieces, from simulation to emulation to rapid prototyping to verification IP to debugging, and also the track record of delivering a much better integrated overall solution. Two more comments about the acquisitions. SpringSoft also brings an analog/mixed signal design solution that has broad and loyal penetration specifically in the growing Asia Pacific geography. Combining the SpringSoft product line with our existing efforts in custom tools increases our critical mass and gives us more momentum in an area where Synopsys is steadily building a market position. The acquisitions of EVE in France and SpringSoft in Taiwan were financed by our international cash and on top of the significant Magma acquisition, were executed and integrated very efficiently. Even more important have been the extremely positive customer reactions, and the resulting business momentum is clearly visible and very encouraging. The third area I would like to briefly highlight is the continued growth and breadth of our IP and Systems business. As chips contain still more transistors, the importance of commercial IP is twofold: improve designer productivity by providing a catalog of highly optimized and verified building blocks and reduce risk and effort by having these IP blocks available in the latest technology nodes when customers need them. Our portfolio of high-quality production proven IP is a clear differentiator for Synopsys as evidenced by excellent growth during the year. While the breadth of our offering continues to increase with new titles, such as the newly launched support of the emerging DDR4 memory interface standard, so does the span of silicon nodes supported, with much of our R&D efforts on migrating our cores to the 20-nanometer and 14- and 16-nanometer nodes while supporting FinFET technology. Customer adoption of these advanced nodes is accelerating. Today, Synopsys is the market segment leader in interface IP, embedded memories and analog IP. Our position is appreciated by our foundry partners, and TSMC also recently awarded Synopsys its 2012 Interface IP Partner of the Year for an unprecedented third year in a row. We're also highly complementary to the other IP providers in the processor and graphics space. Where in Q4, we announced a major agreement with ARM to broaden our collaboration through expanded access to key ARM technology and delivery of optimized implementation flows to speed time to market for our mutual customers. To give a sense of the importance and continued growth potential of our business, it's interesting to note that our DesignWare IP is shipped more than 1 billion chips per year and counting, that every 2 days, a chip is taped out using our USB. That every week, a chip tapes out with our PCI Express, and our customers have already shipped tens of millions of chips containing our 28-nanometer IP. Our objective is to continue to grow the IP business at a double-digit rate while gradually increasing profitability as we've successfully done in the last 2 years. In summary, against the backdrop of rapid technical semiconductor and overall economic change, Synopsys is in a very good position with both product and market momentum. Our commitment to customer and partner success is built on a foundation of excellent financial execution. Our ongoing multiyear objective is to drive annual high single digit non-GAAP earnings per share expansion. This objective, formulated a couple of years ago, has actually been substantially exceeded in the past 2 years. We plan to achieve our goal through a combination of the following: one, drive traditional EDA organic revenue growth generally in the mid-single-digit range; two, achieve IP and Systems organic revenue growth generally in the low double digits; three, continue to focus on operational efficiency with operating margins moving solidly into the mid-20s; four, continue to explore value and TAM-expanding M&A; and five, optimizing the use of our strong cash flow with our own M&A, debt reduction or stock buybacks. I’ll now turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian M. Beattie: Well, thank you, Aart, and good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and fiscal year, provide you with our 2013 guidance for Q1 and the full year and provide some financial details on the SpringSoft and EVE transactions. In my discussions, all my comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Now, as Aart mentioned, Synopsys delivered excellent fourth quarter and full year results highlighted by an increased run rate, double-digit growth in both revenue and non-GAAP earnings and considerable free cash flow generation. Additionally, we significantly exceeded our original 2012 targets for revenue, non-GAAP EPS and operating cash flow. Q4 total revenue increased 16% to $454 million, and as expected, revenue contribution from SpringSoft and EVE was not material but came in at about $9 million. Annual revenue grew 14% to $1.756 billion. This, of course, includes the revenue contribution from our 2012 acquisitions, including approximately $60 million from Magma as expected. Even excluding these transactions, our organic business was quite robust. For the year, we delivered growth across all product groups, with particular strength in IP and Systems. Greater than 90% of Q4 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of Q4 and fiscal year revenue. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments was about 2.8 years for the quarter and about 2.7 years for all of fiscal 2012. We currently expect average duration in fiscal '13 to be about 2.7 years. Three-year backlog increased to $2.7 billion from $2.5 billion due to our 2012 acquisitions and also reflects a solid base book-to-bill of about 1. Finally, we have approximately 80% of our target fiscal 2013 revenues in hand for the coming year and more than 90% for the coming quarter. Turning to expenses. Q4 total GAAP costs and expenses were $415 million, which included $28 million of amortization of intangible assets, $17 million of stock-based compensation and $8 million of acquisition-related costs. For the year, total GAAP costs and expenses were $1.566 billion, which included $100 million of amortization of intangible assets, $71 million of stock-based compensation and $44 million of acquisition-related costs. Q4 total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $358 million. For the full year, total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $1.342 billion, an expected increase due mainly to our acquisitions, the extra fiscal week in Q1 and year-over-year cost increases such as employee compensation. Excluding our 2012 acquisitions, total non-GAAP costs and expenses were slightly below our original expense budget. Non-GAAP operating margin was 21% for the quarter and 23.6% for the full year. This represents an increase of more than 100 basis points over full year 2011, even as we work through the integration of a number of 2012 acquisitions. For all of FY '13, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to increase over FY '12 levels by an additional 100 basis points. Turning now to earnings. GAAP earnings per share were $0.19 for the quarter and $1.21 for the year compared to $1.47 for all of 2011. FY '12 GAAP earnings reflect $44 million or $0.30 per share of acquisition-related costs compared to $1.2 million or $0.01 per share in FY '11. Q4 non-GAAP expenses -- earnings per share were $0.47, and full year non-GAAP earnings grew 17% to $2.10. FY '12 earnings growth was driven primarily by top line growth, including the extra fiscal week and operational execution. Now turning to our cash flow, we generated $103 million in cash from operations in Q4 and $486 million for all of fiscal 2012, which exceeded our original expectations as higher business levels and better payment terms resulted in strong collections. As you recall, we also took on $250 million of debt in Q2 due to the Magma acquisition. Since then, we paid back the $100 million revolving debt along with $15 million of the term loan, leaving a remaining balance of $135 million term loan outstanding. We also completed several important acquisitions during the year, which enabled us to use approximately 45% of our beginning-of-year offshore cash for acquisitions. As a result, we ended the year with cash and cash equivalents of $700 million, with 28% onshore and 72% offshore. At this time, we're targeting operating cash flow of at least $350 million in FY '13. And since cash flow tends to be lumpy from year-to-year, we continue to believe a fairly good indicator of operating cash flow over time is EBITDA. For the 3-year period ended in FY '12, our cumulative operating cash flow was $1.267 billion, just slightly more than EBITDA over that same period. And finally, we expect our operating cash flow quarterly profile to be similar to last year, with a net operating cash outflow during the first quarter of fiscal 2013 due primarily to the timing of prior year's annual incentive compensation payments. Now DSO was 58 days, reflecting the timing of invoices. And we ended Q4 with 8,135 employees, about 1/3 in low-cost geographies. Approximately 1,120 of the 1,335 employees we added during the year were from acquisitions, with the majority coming from Magma, SpringSoft and EVE. Before moving on to guidance, let me provide some additional commentary around the SpringSoft and EVE transactions, which were both funded with offshore cash. On October 1, we acquired a 92% controlling interest in SpringSoft, and their results are included in our consolidated financials as of that date but were not material. We subsequently closed the full transaction on November 30. We also closed the EVE acquisition during the quarter, and as expected, the transaction did not have a material impact on our Q4 financials. We expect the combination of SpringSoft and EVE to contribute approximately $100 million of revenue in fiscal 2013 as we work through the SpringSoft transition to the Synopsys 90% time-based model, and we expect the 2 transactions to be slightly accretive to FY '13 non-GAAP earnings per share. Now let's address our first quarter and fiscal 2013 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. As a reminder, Q1 of FY '12 included an extra fiscal week, affecting both revenue and total non-GAAP expenses by $25 million and $16 million respectively. For the first quarter of FY '13, our targets are: revenue between $468 million and $478 million, an approximate growth rate of 18%, excluding the extra week in 2012; total GAAP costs and expenses between $403 million and $419 million, which includes approximately $17 million of stock-based compensation expense; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $356 million and $366 million; other income and expense between 0 and a negative $2 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of 25% to 26%; outstanding shares between 153 million and 157 million; GAAP earnings of $0.30 to $0.35 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.54 to $0.56 per share and we expect greater than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog. Now, our fiscal 2013 outlook: revenue between $1.955 billion and $1.975 billion, a growth rate of approximately 11% to 12%, or 13% to 14% excluding the extra week in 2012; with the additional hardware revenue from EVE, we would expect some increased variability in quarterly revenue but continue to expect a 90% time-based revenue model in 2013; other income and expense between 0 and negative $4 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of 25% to 26%; outstanding shares between 155 and 159 million; GAAP earnings per share of $1.32 to $1.46, which includes the impact of approximately $69 million in stock-based compensation expense; non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.26 to $2.31, a growth rate of approximately 8% to 10%, or 10% to 13% excluding the extra week; capital expenditures of approximately $70 million; and we're targeting cash flow from operations of at least $350 million. And finally, to help you with your modeling, let me provide some brief commentary on our 2013 quarterly expense profile. At this time, we expect Q1 expenses to be lower than the rest of the year, with quarters 2, 3 and 4 at about equal levels. So in summary, we're pleased with our excellent fourth quarter and full year results highlighted by top and bottom line growth, solid operating margin and strong cash flow generation. We enter 2013 with a unique combination of stability and growth, which positions us well in many macroeconomic scenarios. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Richard Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Aart, just first wondering if you could comment on the environment you're seeing, if there's been any change in customer behavior, whether there's any tightening up at all as it relates to perhaps things going on in Washington or just the choppiness of semiconductor revenue as we head into '13?
Aart J. de Geus: I think we can say that we have not seen any change whatsoever regarding EDA. We suddenly feel that customers are speaking with a little bit more caution about the end of this year and maybe the first 2 quarters next year with a little bit more hope or confidence beyond that. But that's the nature of the industry that we're in. And I would say yes, there is a tightening in terms of competitiveness, but that is really not new. And we've seen that in the last 2 to 3 years. And so the uncertainty is something that people just reflect on, that's just the situation around us. But meanwhile, they're forging ahead at high speed.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then you mentioned you had a book-to-bill of about 1 in the quarter. So in backlog, it sounds like it would've been about flat x acquisitions. Wondering if you could comment at all on revenue run rate coming out of backlog x acquisitions. Would we have seen any increase in run rate x acquisitions year-to-year as we enter '13?
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, you would.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, Brian, with respect to cash flow, you mentioned lumpiness. And obviously, you had significant outperformance this year, and you're guiding for, at least at this point, lower next year. Was there anything that was favorable in terms of timing for cash flow, things that maybe happened earlier than you might have thought that helped this year at the expense of next year?
Brian M. Beattie: I just look back to the fourth quarter, and we saw very strong cash flow as we came through into the fourth. And then we're able to overachieve the fourth quarter just based on the timing of when customers paid and looking at the profile of our disbursements. So it came in about $35 million to $40 million higher than we expected in the fourth quarter of FY '12. So naturally, you have to take that into account as you look at the expected operating cash flows for 2013. Still a very strong number though in '13, and at this point, feel being at least $350 million is a very good number.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Thomas calling for Krish. Based on FY '13 guidance, you're estimating sales growth of about 12% year-over-year compared to EPS growth of about 9% at the midpoint. How should we think about margins within this framework and the levers around margins, and whether the ongoing integration of acquisitions is baked into this full year assumption?
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, it is. They're completely baked in because by the time we go into a new year, we sort of uphold the numbers as a function of whatever acquisition we did. Just be aware that meanwhile, there's a number of license transitions, maybe some haircut leftovers and things like that from the acquisitions. But overall, our objective remains the same, which is an ongoing basis deliver high-single-digit EPS growth. And that is really what we're optimizing the business for.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And so the linearity of the operating expenses, you're saying that it's probably going to remain at these relatively higher levels?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, we're essentially managing a, really, multiyear business model. And so by definition, all in all, our business model is extremely stable. And so as we make gradual improvements to the ops margin, they gradually reflect themselves, obviously, in the bottom line. But the singular most important aspect is really the ongoing growth on the top line. From quarter-to-quarter, things can be lumpy and somewhat unpredictable. And certainly for me, I’ve always heard that the way we reflect on the business is on sort of the rolling averages basis, which looks very solid.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And last one for me. Your IP and Systems segment show a very strong growth in FY '12, up 25% year-over-year. What outlook do you have baked in for this segment for FY '13? Is it safe to assume it's around that same level?
Aart J. de Geus: No. Specifically, actually we said that we were looking forward to a low-double-digit growth rate for the IP. Now that may be a little lower than the average, partially because this year or the end of the year was particularly strong. And so this is overall a very good growth business, so doing very well. Just from one year to another, it can be a little lumpy, and so we wanted to be on the conservative side and really manage as a multiyear perspective.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just want to circle up on a couple of housekeeping here. On the backlog, how much of that backlog was organic, if you can say?
Aart J. de Geus: It was the $200 million growth, up to $2.7 billion, was all from the acquisitions we completed during the year. And the rest of the organic business was a 1:1 book-to-bill ratio for the year. So again, very solid in line with the revenue growth and booking that nicely.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And you said even though they're immaterial, can you give us a sense what -- I think you mentioned the revenue on one of the acquisitions, but what was the revenue and, just as important, the expense contribution for the quarter from the acquisition?
Brian M. Beattie: Well, the revenue impact from the 2 acquisitions that were closed in October were approximately $9 million. The expenses were about the same level. So again, it was not a material impact to EPS during the quarter just in view of the integration work that was ongoing and transition to a new business model and so on.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And I heard the comments on cash flow, but I'm curious, it looks like there was a spike in accounts receivable here. Again, the DSOs were up in the 50s. Was that from acquisition contribution or what else is happening on the AR side?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, it's -- AR is in very good shape. It just reflects the profile, the timing of our billings out at end of the year. Our fourth quarter was very strong, and as a result of invoicing at the end of the year, during the month of October, those collections just didn't come in. So you see us typically running kind of a mid-30s type of DSO levels. And just for this particular, given the business was so strong and the timing, it came in over 50. It'll go back down, though.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And last question, then I'll go back in the queue. Magma hit your expectations for the year. How are you thinking about the contribution to the coming year granted you're going to get to a point where you'll annualize it? And I know you're not running it separately. But in terms of how you think it's going to grow and contribute, as you started to get maintenance contracts that come back up for renewal, contracts that come back where you're getting opportunity to upsell? So what have you kind of factored in, in terms of what Magma can help in this fiscal year?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, one of the objectives is actually to have FY '13 with there not being a old Synopsys or old Magma. And I think we're already well on our way with that. And we ourselves at times find, therefore, it's difficult to look back on acquisitions and say, “How well did "the acquisition" do?” because the whole point is for the acquisition to help the overall company do well. And that means that we transition customers as fast as we possibly can to the resulting product portfolio. But the tradition -- that transition has 2 other components. One is the fact that in that also comes the opportunity to come out with better products that have more capabilities or are better integrated or that accelerates some area, and I think we've already seen positive impact of that. And I mentioned some of the things in the preamble. And the second thing, just as important, is how does it give us an opportunity to improve or broaden or accelerate the relationship with customers. And there's no question that the Magma acquisition has helped us go back to those customers, look at the roadmaps together and actually plot a path that turned out to be better for the customer than either scenarios they would've had with us individually. And so that is probably the best accomplishment that we've had to date with this. So looking forward, we think actually it is very much part of growing the company to the high-single-digit EPS number for this coming year.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: First, I was wondering if your view of the -- just the overall EDA market has changed as far as growth for the next few years. Are you still kind of in that mid-single-digits range?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think the ramp of our -- on our industry is a little bit that it's in a good phase in the sense that precisely because customers are so competitive and precisely because they are adopting new technology, maybe faster than what many of the providers of the technology even would have expected, the need and demand for a really strong EDA tool has increased. And so in that context, we certainly think that the core can be very solidly in the mid-single-digit growth. Some of the other areas we've said are in the low-double-digit growth. And so for us, we keep essentially setting the same objective over multiyears, which is high-single-digit growth on EPS as the final result. And as mentioned, ever since we started to do that, we have certainly beaten up that objective. But every year is a new year, and so we'll try again.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And you talked about you had low double digits for the IP side. Is that where you think the market's going out as well, is that you just taking a little share, getting a little bigger in that space?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think the market is doing well across-the-board for us. There's no question that our field is very competitive and Synopsys is doing well. But the impression initially I get is that overall EDA is in a good position.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then now that you're in the emulation business, are you also seeing strength? And as we're hearing from Mentor and Cadence that it’s a pretty strong market right now.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, obviously, we were aware of that before we acquired emulation, otherwise we wouldn't have done so. We are now going through the very same process as we have with some of this other acquisition, which is this very fast, go to the customers, understand exactly what matters most to them and then come back to them with very strong roadmaps. And this is particularly relevant to the area of emulation because it is not standalone. It is very much part of the overall verification solution. You heard from the initial introduction that we also acquired SpringSoft, which brings also a lot of verification technologies specifically in the debug area. And, of course, Synopsys is very well known for the superfast simulator. And so you take some of those things together, you have the potential for really a next generation solution. And that is really what we're driving at. Emulation itself is very promising to us, and the next few quarters, we'll probably demonstrate that quickly.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I mean, emulation is strong today. Do you also view that as a leading indicator for the industry, if you will, that...
Aart J. de Geus: No, I do not, partially because there are many variables on an industry, and the type of people that use emulation have a particular set of challenges that some will actually in a downturn accelerate their investment, some in a downturn do just the opposite, which is stop buying hardware. And so I do think that, as with all the other technologies that we provide, at the end of the day is how much can we accelerate the competitiveness of our customers. And that is why it's actually good for us to take the time with these new technologies, and by the way also some fantastic technologists in the team, to really visit the most important customers and plot out how we can help them over a multiyear outlook. And so far the resonance is quite positive.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then finally, when you look at the range of the share cap that you typically give, is the variable there just share repurchases?
Brian M. Beattie: It's both sides. The issuance of new equity, and again, there we see our stock overhangs dropping below the double-digit points and moving that in good condition. And it's really a function of what we issue and what we buy back. Our last buybacks were back in Q1, and it's a factor that given the significant levels of M&A in 2012 specifically, that is the ongoing top priority for use of our cash in that period. And finally, the last thing is the price of the stock is also reflected in the fully diluted share count as well.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. Maybe just one more here. You talked about a 100-basis-point improvement in the operating margin over the next year. Is that benefiting from both IP and the core space or is it mainly the core space?
Brian M. Beattie: It is both, actually, we've had very nice in our 100-point improvement in 2012, all product lines contributed to that operating margin improvement, and we'd expect that again in '13.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Brian, would it be fair to say that for the fourth quarter, the strength of your maintenance and services business was highly correlated to the strength of your IP and Systems business and that both of those in turn were highly correlated to the strength of your Asia-Pac business as well in the fourth quarter?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, good connection between the dots. There has been a very significant growth in our IP and Systems business this year overall, almost 22%. Of that, the level of maintenance and support provided by the business unit has also been very, very strong, reflecting increased positioning we've got in the market and the ability for us to offer a small level of customization to make sure all of those products will continue to work in that way. And it's not necessarily just Asia, but it really is growth across the -- all of our regions for growth in IP and Systems and growth in services, too. But Asia was a very strong grower this year.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And over the past 2 years, particularly since you bought Virage, would it be fair to say that the profitability of the IP business has increased more quickly than the overall corporate growth and profitability? And if so, would you think that can continue into fiscal '13?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, it has. Very strong growth in our profitability levels. We continue to indicate that overall operating margins for that business are less than the corporate average. But it just reflects the fact that it is more resource-intensive as we port the IP to various geometries and all of the manufacturing platforms. So -- but very, very good growth in Systems and IP profitability, a very good contributor.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. For Aart, technical question regarding EVE. Could you comment at all on whether you foresee expanding the range of functionality that they've been offering to date in emulation to give broader coverage of various types of emulation and simulation that those kinds of hardware perform? And then related to that, how do you see the positioning or prospects of your emulation business versus your prototyping business?
Aart J. de Geus: Excellent question. Obviously, we have a set of capabilities within Synopsys that is very strong specifically in the compilation side of things. And the reason that's obvious is because we were first and foremost a very, very strong simulation company. And so bringing some of those capabilities to the emulator dramatically broadens its appeal because while it is well known to be the fastest emulator in run time, from a mapping to circuit onto the emulator, we can certainly improve and we have all the technology in-house to do that. Now with that, obviously, comes the opportunity to do many other types of checks, embed various testing schemes for example. The other aspect is the relationship to prototyping, and that's also a very good question because it illustrates that in all of our solution, we really have a very broad continuum of solutions that range from completely software to completely hardware. These things are extremely complementary. And we have actually customers that use both in the same solution. And so in different phases of the verification, one tends to use one over the other for different types of tasks. But the fact that we can essentially reduce the risk of moving from one to the other going forward is actually of high benefit to our customers.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. A couple of last ones. For Brian, for the $100 million of combined EVE and SpringSoft revenue in fiscal '13, could you talk about how much each might contribute within the $100 million, and what the deferred revenue hit was, if any, that you're baking in?
Brian M. Beattie: We're not breaking out the financials for EVE. As you know, they were a private company. The element of SpringSoft, again a publicly traded company in Taiwan, we wanted to highlight that the combination of both of those would contribute about $100 million in revenue only to ensure that we get aligned on the Synopsis model. SpringSoft is a little bit more upfront revenue, and again, we're moving all of that into the Synopsys model of how we've got it lined up. The deferred revenue haircut was not a meaningful impact, given the various accounting standards being used in Taiwan and France and had a minimal impact in terms of deferred revenue adjustments for those 2 transactions.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. If I could just follow up on a question Sterling asked earlier about the LAVA expectation for fiscal '13, early on right after you bought them, I think you had targeted something close to $100 million for LAVA in fiscal '13. I didn't hear if you reaffirmed that number or not.
Brian M. Beattie: It's at the point where we have fully integrated, again, the businesses as we try to extract the both ongoing backlog of products acquired from Magma and integrate that with the integration of our new Synopsys/Magma product integrations. It's something we're -- again, we're reconfirming, it's about $100 million run rate on that business. That's the amount we expected when we started with the acquisition. It was about $60 million in 2012, and we anticipated the impact of that on Synopsys would be about $100 million. And we're still on track for that, and that's factored into the 2013 guidance.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we'll go to the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Aart, a question on several OEMs entering the design market more recently, LG and Apple is a well-known one, is that driving an incremental growth to the EDA industry?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, in general, it's an indication that some of the end users would like to have a stronger tie from their system solutions all the way to the silicon technology and/or may want to become more proprietary about the secrets of what they're putting in their devices. And so the way we look at this is this is all part of a very, very competitive landscape with an enormous amount of very rapid changes. The good news is that Synopsys is used in all of the very advanced solutions extensively and that our support teams are actually very instrumental at helping people be successful. And so in that context, the answer to your question is yes, we do see this as an additional opportunity for growth in those systems houses that in the past didn't do all that much design but now are certainly very, very dependent on it and actually banking on it for their differentiation. So these are good opportunities for us.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And one more question on your revenue guidance. Is it fair to say that you're building in a lot of conservatism? I mean your historical pattern has been you have most of the time beat the guidance. So I would think that you're probably airing on the side of conservatism because of -- the organic growth is more low single digit in your guidance?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, that's a judgment call you have to make. If there's one thing that we have been very steady on is that we're setting roughly the same guidance partially because we want to adhere to a general multiyear driving of the company, which is to achieve high-single-digit EPS. Now if we can do better, obviously we'll do our best to do that. But at this point in time, we just started the year. There's no reason to be more aggressive. But we did mention that we feel that we're entering the year with strong momentum. We've made some fabulous acquisitions. There's a lot of work to do in an unknown landscape. So the company, I think, is in a very good shape.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Satya Kumar with Crédit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was having a similar question. If I exclude the acquisitions' contribution of $200 million from Magma, EVE and SpringSoft, the core business is roughly flat for fiscal '13. And that is a fair bit lower than the mid-single-digit type growth you mentioned for the core business. I just wanted to make sure that, that was more conservatism from your part or is it some reflection of what you're seeing that customer trends? We've seen at least one customer, TI, talk about reducing some of the design activities. I was wondering if it's customer-driven or more conservatism.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, Satya, let me run with that one. First off, I don't know if I misheard you, but I think you might have said $200 million of revenue from Magma, right? We're saying...
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: No. Magma, EVE and SpringSoft, all 3 put together.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, all 3 of them in terms of growth for '13 over '12, first of all, take into account that there was a 2% impact on revenues. Our revenue forecast right now is 11% to 12% or that would have been 13% to 14% adjusting for the extra week. When we look at the growth of SpringSoft and EVE, we saw growth of approximately $100 million. And then secondly, recall that if Magma's going to do -- Magma equivalent is about $100 million in '13, that's up from $60 million in '12. So there's about $40 million of growth there. So it's very close. Both the organic businesses are growing very solidly, and the M&A impact of the deals completed in 2012 are going to have a very positive impact as well in setting us up in '13 and for growth beyond that point. So it's very balanced between growth of both the overall numbers of 13% to 14% adjusted for the week and a nice balance between organic and M&A impact. Both are solid.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. I should have -- I could follow up with you guys, but I think I took out the IP and Systems growth as well as a higher growth piece. And I looked at the IP Systems and the 3 pieces taking out the rest of the core business was a bit flat, but I can follow up with you guys on that. And separately on the EVE and SpringSoft, you mentioned that it added $9 million in incremental revenues and about a similar amount in terms of cost. Is that the type of operating margin contribution you're expecting just mainly positive in 2013?
Aart J. de Geus: No, we've said the impact would be slightly accretive in 2013. And again, it's more a function of aligning the previous businesses into the Synopsys time-based license capabilities so that we'll have that 90% of revenue going forward coming from the backlog. So in combination, the 2 businesses would contribute about $100 million of revenue and be slightly accretive in '13. So obviously expenses, nicely less than $100 million. And that's just the transition year, if you like, the first full year that we have the business and continue to focus on improvements and synergies across the company with those.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: How will the margins from that piece look in fiscal '13?
Brian M. Beattie: We're not projecting that yet. And in fact, the businesses will be totally integrated by that point. And again, the value is harder to identify than the acquisitions, as both for a very deep comprehensive perspective on verification technology throughout the company and enhancing our position in some of the analog services, particularly inside of APAC in that. So a lot of strategic value as well as very strong financials coming from a combination of these businesses.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have a follow-up from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: One follow-up. I'm kind of curious, have you guys made any moves in terms of your pricing on any of the products? Have you raised any prices in the last several quarters? Or how do you think about the pricing dynamics as you look to 2013?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think that in general, it's always hard to see that pricing would change rapidly. It has not in the past, either up or down. However, I do think that we see that EDA industry right now is doing relatively well, and so that gives a little bit more backbone in terms of the pricing as we negotiate going forward because customers are very much looking at us as their best bet of their own success and differentiation. So I don't want to overstate it because it's hard to have really specific evidence when you do a lot of 3-year deals. On the other hand, in general, I think we're in a stronger position than we were, let's say, a year ago.
Operator: Thank you. And as [indiscernible] speakers at this time, there are no additional questions.
Aart J. de Geus: In that case, we thank you for your participation in this earnings release. I think it's clear to say that not only was Q4 a strong year, there's no question that fiscal '12 was a very strong year, not only by virtue of execution but also by virtue of the acquisition and technology leaps we did forward. And so if nothing else, I would like to leave you with the strong sense that Synopsys feels momentum going into '13 that notwithstanding whatever the landscape looks around us, we feel that we're a very solid company financially speaking and technically. And so we're actually entering FY '13 with very good hopes for good results. Thank you for your attention, and thank you for your support for FY '12.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-08-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank Aart J. de Geus - Co-Founder, Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Brian M. Beattie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2012. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last 1 hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Dave. Good afternoon, everyone. With us on the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and co-CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our remarks this afternoon, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss plans, forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company, its business and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and today's earnings press release. All financial information to be discussed on this conference call, the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the 8-K, the earnings press release and the financial supplement that we released today. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart J. de Geus: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'm pleased to report excellent Q3 results, an increase in non-GAAP earnings and cash flow guidance for the full year, an excellent progress on our product roadmap and acquisitions integration. Let me begin with the summary of our results. Our business in Q3 was strong, with revenue of $444 million, non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.55 and excellent operating cash flow. For the year, we are raising the mid-point of our non-GAAP EPS outlook by $0.05 to a range of $2.09 to $2.11. We're also raising our operating cash flow outlook to approximately $450 million, and we reiterate our target of high single-digit non-GAAP EPS growth for 2013. Brian will provide more financial detail for the current quarter and year in just a moment. Let me briefly comment on the current landscape. Looking at our overall business, we see our customers continued to drive design as aggressively as they can. Even in the context of an uncertain economy, they are focused on accelerating the innovation required to stay competitive. In this context, EDA and IP are increasing in importance, enabling designers to achieve the necessary power, performance and cost specs of each wave of new products within the tight schedules dictated by challenging end markets. Synopsys is at the forefront of this design wave. Our financial strength has enabled us to invest in innovation and global support consistently over many years. Our technically deep and complete solutions are hard to beat in benchmarks, and our corporate stability makes us an ideal partner in any phase of the business cycle. So regardless of fluctuations in the overall economy, we expect Synopsys to continue to do very well. From the perspective of our customers, we continue to see rapid migration to ever more advanced technology nodes, an area in which Synopsys is particularly well qualified. Migration to the very advanced 20-nanometer node is progressing rapidly as we now track approximately 80 active 20-nanometer designs. We're also supporting intense efforts in the development of FinFETs, which are the fundamentally new vertical transistors that are needed to keep Moore's Law on track. Here, Synopsys is at the forefront through our TCAD offering, which is used to do 3-dimensional simulations of these new devices. Our latest IC Validator physical verification solution also supports emerging FinFET requirements and is already demonstrating success with customers. Leading-edge customers such as Samsung and STMicroelectronics have been taping out 20-nanometer designs using our solutions for more than 2 years now. At this summer's Design Automation Conference, ST, GLOBALFOUNDRIES, Samsung and Oracle highlighted remarkable 20-nanometer design successes using IC Compiler. Moving to 28- and 32-nanometers, which we consider the mainstream leading-edge node, we're seeing rapidly broadening adoption. While the designs are complex, the design rules are now stable, and recent yield progress has improved the availability of manufacturing capacity. Approximately 80% of 20- and 28-nanometer designs use Synopsys physical design and approximately 70% use Synopsys verification. To achieve this, 20-nanometer alignment with foundries and with ecosystem partners such as ARM, GLOBALFOUNDRIES and Samsung are vital. At DAC, these 3 partners described our excellent collaboration with Synopsys as essential to help mutual customers address leading-edge challenges. In Q3, Samsung announced qualification of Synopsys Galaxy Design Platform for their 20-nanometer processes, and TSMC announced Phase I Certification of Galaxy for their 20-nanometer. I should add that, although less in the limelight, 45- and 65-nanometer design can be very challenging as well. While the technology is clearly well proven, and our tools have been honed over thousands of designs, our customers still push for maximum functionality and performance and minimum power and cost. It's interesting to note that many of our tool innovations, aimed at the advanced nodes, also greatly benefit the more mainstream technologies and thus, directly improve the economics of our customers in those nodes. Let me now give a brief update on the integration of Magma, the acquisition which closed in February. As we had planned, within 30 days, we have fully integrated our teams, retaining the great majority of their technologists. 30 days later, we have completed our listening tour of the key customers. And our 30 days after that, we shared roadmaps with those customers. Overall, the response has been very positive as customers saw us, first and foremost, support their existing designs. Secondly, build on those Magma tools that they thought were strong. And third, immediately begin accelerating the joint long-term roadmaps. With this enhanced confidence, we've seen a number of customers migrate to Synopsys faster than originally anticipated. A key part of that roadmap is analog/mixed-signal, an area with particular strength for us in verification and opportunity in custom design. In verification, the addition of Magma's FineSim solution, which had especially good success in memory companies, has been very well received by the broader Synopsys customer base. In custom design, we continue to build a more and more differentiated solution and have seen the number of tape outs with Custom Designer continue to grow. To further accelerate innovation in this area, we recently acquired Ciranova and announced a definitive agreement to acquire SpringSoft. In addition to some excellent shape-based routing and optimization technology from Magma, Ciranova brings strong placement and a number of other key pieces. SpringSoft, which is the world's second-largest provider of custom design tools, contributes not only great products but also an expanded geographic reach. Headquartered in Taiwan, SpringSoft broadens our analog/mixed-signal product offering, while strengthening our position in the growing Asia Pacific market. SpringSoft is also the technology leader in functional debug tools, which are increasingly critical for complex designs. Their tools are frequently paired with our simulation solution and are perfectly complementary to our offering. Here again, we expect the acquisition to accelerate our future roadmaps and drive good business growth in an area of great customer need. To round out the SpringSoft comments, we are currently executing tender offer and Taiwan regulatory approval processes, which can take several months. We will then move to SpringSoft shareholder approval. We expect the transition to close in our fiscal -- in our first fiscal quarter and anticipate the SpringSoft addition to be slightly accretive to 2013 non-GAAP EPS. Now let me turn to IP and systems, both of which are growing in importance and essential to meeting schedules on complex products. Similar to our core tools for business, we have been systematically investing in both areas for many years. In IP, we have built a large lead in terms of portfolio of titles, reliability and quality and customer commitment to us. Today, we are second only to our business partner, ARM, and our focus is to be the leading provider of connectivity, analog and memory IP. IP revenue grew nicely again this quarter, and we saw continued momentum with numerous customer wins in PCI Express, USB3.0 and memory compilers, among others. In systems, to complement our historically strong presence in the mobile market, we are methodically expanding our reach in the automotive market with virtual prototyping. Recall that prototyping can accelerate embedded software development by 6 to 12 months, and was nearly 100 million lines of code in today's premium cars, virtual prototyping is a must use technology. Consequently, we are seeing good momentum in the automotive space with companies such as Renesas and Infineon, further adopting Virtualizer to enable their customers to develop software earlier. During Q3, we also launched the industry's first hybrid prototyping solution, which seamlessly integrates software-based virtual prototyping and FPGA-based prototyping approaches. Even at this early stage, we are already seeing strong and growing customer interest. In conclusion, we delivered excellent Q3 revenue, earnings and cash flow. As a result, we are raising cash flow and non-GAAP EPS guidance for the year. The EDA and IP industries are doing well. And Synopsys, in particular, is executing on all fronts with strong demand for our technology across the board. Looking forward, we remain committed to deliver continued solid growth and profitability in the years to come. I'll now turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian M. Beattie: Well, thank you, Aart, and good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter, provide you with our guidance for Q4 and the full year and provide some financial details of the SpringSoft transaction. As a reminder, we will not be breaking out the impact of Magma as the company is now deeply integrated. In my discussions, all my comparisons will be year-over-year, unless I specify otherwise. Now Synopsys delivered a great quarter, highlighted by strong business levels, increased run rate, double-digit growth in both revenue and non-GAAP earnings and considerable free cash flow generation. Total revenue was $444 million, an increase of 15% compared to a year ago and within our target range. We delivered growth across all product groups with particular strength in IP and systems. Greater than 90% of Q3 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of third quarter revenue. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was about 2.5 years. We continue to expect average duration in fiscal 2012 to be about 2.8 years, which is very similar to last year. Now turning to expenses. Total GAAP, cost and expenses were $380 million, which included $26 million of amortization of intangible assets, $17 million of stock-based compensation and $3.7 million of acquisition-related costs. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $335 million, an expected year-over-year increase due to increases of headcount and expenses from our recent acquisitions, but at the low end of our guidance range. This was driven primarily by timing of expenses, such as some hiring and other expenses that shifted out of Q3 into Q4. Non-GAAP operating margin was 24.5% for the quarter and about 24% for the first 3 quarters of the year. For all of FY '12, we are still on track to expand non-GAAP operating margin by more than 100 basis points over FY '11 levels. Turning now to earnings. GAAP earnings per share were $0.50. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased 20% to $0.55, above our target range. Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items. Our balance sheet remained strong with $964 million in cash and cash equivalents. Of our total cash balance, 22% was onshore at quarter end and 78% was offshore. We paid back the outstanding $100 million of our revolving debt, along with $7.5 million of our term loan, leaving only the $142.5 million term loan outstanding. Additionally, we made 2 small acquisitions during the quarter. We generated $296 million in cash from operations, including an expected payment from a large customer in the quarter. We are raising our operating cash flow target for the year to approximately $450 million to reflect increased collections, driven primarily by strong business levels. DSOs declined 10 days sequentially to 40 days, and we ended Q3 with approximately 7,525 employees with about 1/3 at low-cost geographies. Before moving onto guidance, let me provide some of the financial details of the SpringSoft transaction. The value of the transaction is expected to be approximately $305 million, net of cash acquired or USD 1.90 per SpringSoft share, which we intend to fund with our existing offshore cash. Subject to the terms of the tender offer agreement, Taiwan regulatory approvals and other customer closing conditions, we expect the transaction to close in the first fiscal quarter of 2013. Now in Taiwan, this is a 2-step process. Step 1 is the tender offer. Step 2 is the subsequent shareholder vote. If 51% of the SpringSoft shares are tendered during the tender offer, our Q4 2012 financials will include our portion of SpringSoft's net income as of October 3 at the earliest and November 3 at the latest. We do not expect the consolidated numbers to be material and have not included that impact in our guidance. We continue to expect the combinations, once closed, to be slightly accretive to FY '13 non-GAAP earnings per share. However, until the transaction is closed, we have limited ability to comment on our specific plans going forward. Now let's address our fourth quarter and fiscal 2012 guidance, which excludes the impact of SpringSoft and any other future acquisitions on the targets. For the first -- for the fourth quarter of FY '12, our targets are revenue between $440 million and $448 million. Total GAAP cost and expense is between $387 million and $403 million, which includes approximately $17 million of stock-based compensation expense. Total non-GAAP cost and expense is between $345 million and $355 million. Other income and expense between 0 and a negative $2 million. A non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 24%. Outstanding shares between 150 million and 154 million. GAAP earnings of $0.22 to $0.28 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $0.46 to $0.48 per share. And we expect that greater than 90% of the quarter's revenue will come from backlog. Now our fiscal 2012 outlook. Revenue between $1.742 billion and $1.75 billion. Other income and expenses between $1 million and 3 million. A non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 24%. Outstanding shares between 148 million and 152 million. GAAP earnings per share between $1.25 and $1.31, which includes the impact of approximately $72 million in stock-based compensation expense. Non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.09 to $2.11, and we are raising our guidance range by $0.05 to reflect our Q3 overachievement. Capital expenditures of approximately $55 million, and we're now targeting cash flow from operations of approximately $450 million. So as Aart mentioned, we're also reiterating our objective of high single-digit non-GAAP EPS growth in FY '13, even when factoring in the extra week that contributed $0.05 in FY '12. In summary, we're pleased with our excellent third quarter results, highlighted by top and bottom line growth, solid operating margin and strong cash flow generation. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First, we'll go from the line of Richard Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on the revenue guidance. Small change, but you did bring that down a little bit at the mid-point. Anything you can ascribe to that change?
Aart J. de Geus: I don't think there's so much meaning to that. We managed for the year, and so if you look at the overall numbers for the year -- I forgot the exact number, but we must be growing about 14% or so. And so everything else sort of falls in place gradually during year as the reality of transactions get executed. And it's all -- as far as I recall within the same range that we had before.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And nothing like, perhaps, related to Magma being different than expected or anything specific?
Aart J. de Geus: Oh, I think Magma and all of our own business is always a bit different than expected. The -- I'm, frankly, always a little bit baffled at the number of digits that we have in accuracy in giving guidance a year ahead of time. And so -- but in general, the picture actually is very, very solid. And actually, we're executing quite well with Magma. As said, the companies have been completely integrated. And so how all of these arrangements with customers actually play out over time is actually very difficult to predict exactly. But fundamentally, I think, no, there's no change to the business picture.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Fair enough. Just with respect to business levels, which seems to be your sort of terms for bookings, you had apparently very strong business levels in the first half. And then that seem to be reflected in higher-than-expected sales and marketing expense. This quarter, sales and marketing was actually better than we had modeled at least. I'm not sure if that actually is reflecting maybe less strong core business levels. So I'm just wondering if you could say anything about the sort of the bookings or business level [indiscernible] ranks as you've moved through the year?
Aart J. de Geus: Yes -- by the way, and I can see why that would be slightly confusing. But when I said business levels, really, what I always think of is really how's the run rate of the business developing because we're certainly very clear that high or low orders can be significant or completely insignificant. It's all a function of how they roll out in the backlog over time. And so in this case, actually, the combination of both orders and run rate were positive. And so I didn't mean to obfuscate things. It's just a general term for actually business feeling good.
Brian M. Beattie: Rich, just to add some clarity around -- we did have a very good quarter, as you could see from cash collections, and it allowed us to raise our cash forecast for the year. And it does relate to a number of those elements, just saying that the business is coming in stronger. The payment terms that we typically see actually were also more favorable relative to the amount of cash collected in the first year of the roughly 2.8-year deals. And we're also seeing lower disbursements as well. So all that contributed to good cash flow in the quarter and our ability to raise, fairly significantly, our cash flow for the year. And then the last thing is, again, we always highlighted, it does move quite a bit. It's tough to forecast and track our EBITDA numbers over time. So we're again happy with the output on cash flow for this year.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Understood. And just one final one, if I could, with respect to SpringSoft. You noted that the DeBussy debug stuff is sort of perfectly complementary, which is great. I agree there. Obviously, the Laker stuff would appear to be somewhat overlapping with your current Custom Designer offering. I'm just wondering how you think about those 2. Do you look to integrate Laker with IC Compiler as you have with Custom Designer? Do you think those 2 sort of sit side by side, or how they -- how you think they play out?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, this is a little bit always to the dilemma commenting before one actually has closed and most importantly, really have the teams work together on this. And so I can't really make many comments about this. But I can tell you one thing, which is what we do is, we try to take the best people that we have from -- on the acquisitions. And in this context, actually multiple acquisitions that play together, and ask them the question, what's the best thing for the customer today meaning to make sure that they fair well, and what's the best thing for the customer 2 years from now? And then you have to build a bridge trajectory. And having just done that with the Magma tools, I think we are well versed in that. And there may be some overlap, but I think there's a lot of complementary capabilities and strengths. And so I don't foresee any big problems there.
Operator: Next, we will hear from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of follow-ups on a couple of things Rich was talking about. Brian, on SpringSoft, I know there's not much you can talk about vis-à-vis integration, et cetera. But I'm curious if you can comment on the model that they were running and whether or not you're going to need to twist that model towards a much more ratable model like you're currently operating in, whether or not that's likely to be dilutive at the beginning of the year, admittedly, if you've talked about accretion for the full year, but maybe you can talk a little bit about what kind of model they were operating?
Brian M. Beattie: You bet, Raj, yes. They are expected to be slightly accretive, as I said, for all of FY '13. Of course, what will happen is that we will take their business model, which was more upfront, again under their local accounting standards and so on, that's all totally appropriate. And they're looking at how we then would go through on a contract-by-contract basis, just as we did with Magma. And then reprofile -- excuse me, we'll reprofile that revenue under the Synopsys business model, which has that 90% minimum ratability curve to it. And then we'll extend that again out over time. Their deferred revenues at the last financial statements were not very significant, with a little bit more revenue being taken upfront. And again, we'll go back and when we get into the details of the contract, break out the deferred revenues, apply the appropriate revenue haircut and purchase accounting and then integrate that. And again, our intent would be on the next earnings call, where we would give a guidance for 2013, that we could identify more of the details, only if the transaction closes by that time. If it doesn't, we'll give you an update at the end of the first quarter when we expect all of it to be fully complete.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Right. A couple of other follow-ups, if I might. You pointed to increase in cash flow guidance rather substantive. Deferred revenues also jumped materially. How much of that is just the payments off a renewal from one of your biggest customers? Is that the majority of what drove those increases, or is it broader than that?
Brian M. Beattie: It's specifically to each third quarter. We have a significant customer with an annual payment that does come through. So you've seen over a number of years now quite a nice growth in the deferred revenue accounts. And that is reflected again in this third quarter, as we expected. And again, anything relative to backlog and other things, we'll give you more details at our year-end call, as we typically do. Overall, just the message being very strong, broad-based growth and strength in our business levels and have to be able to pass that through in terms of increased earnings per share guidance for '12.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Right. When you guided cash flow last quarter, did you presume the payment from that large customer as you usually see in Q3, or do you sort of wait till you get it to guide for it?
Brian M. Beattie: No, it's fortunately very tightly tracked and aligned and very tight payment schedules against that. So no surprises; exactly as expected. And we factored in the growth in cash flow guidance from last quarter was related to the strong business levels, better terms and conditions and lower disbursements, as our expenses are coming in lighter for the year.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: That's great. Last one for me. It looks like maintenance -- your service maintenance line popped sequentially, looks like it's probably maintenance. What's going on there?
Brian M. Beattie: Well, actually, maintenance in itself does not move a lot for us. It's fairly consistent. The delta from our prior quarters is in the service piece, which is what we call business unit consulting, which does tie into either milestone-based revenues or percentage of completion revenues. And in Q3, there was a number of specific deliverables in our IP and systems group that contributed to that growth in the quarter.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First, you mentioned that you had the typical customer just over 10% of revenue. But can you comment did you have any deals that were over 10% of bookings in the quarter?
Brian M. Beattie: Now we wouldn't give you the details of the bookings activity. Recall, that we'll provide the amount of 3-year backlog at the end of each year. We track the revenues, of course, and go through contributors. We address the fact that we had nice run rate growth in the deals we did sign during the quarter. And again, anticipating very strong business levels through the second half to generate that ability, again, as last quarter as we're doing today, reiterating high single-digit EPS growth for '13.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you add a little bit more color? You've mentioned on several quarters in a row the idea of run rates, better business levels. But there hasn't really been any kind of quantification behind it. Can you just put a little meat on that in terms of what you're seeing maybe on renewal run rates compared to the last contract, or something else that can quantify that we can kind of get a handle on?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, it is actually quite difficult to quantify because it's always a little bit hidden in between the organic growth that we have, and of course, the M&A that we're doing. And you could say, "Well, why don't you segregate the M&A out?" But from an operational point of view, we are mostly doing exactly the opposite, which is as quickly as possible integrate the acquisitions. And so at the end of the day, the only metric that passes the -- the sniff test of time is the revenue over time, which you can see growing this year at about 14%. And I think we did better than we had planned last year as well. And while we're not really commenting about revenue yet, we have said that we expect to be on the same plan of commitments as last year in terms of the earnings per share growth. And so fundamentally, I think we're managing a very stable, well-growing business right now that is in a phase that is quite solid.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, I think that's fair. And along the lines of the treatment of the M&A, I guess we understand in terms of the integration. And I frankly think, strategically, Magma was a great deal. But do you and the board have a measuring stick in mind in terms of financially, how you'll measure the Magma acquisition success, either at a one year or some point in the future, either an IRR or something else that you can share with us?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, we won't share the actual numbers with you. But the fact is we do have a great number of these metrics. And I'll be the first one to say that they are very important to work through prior to an acquisition and look at to what extent they were roughly right afterwards. But I'll be also the first one to say that they are often not as meaningful as one would want to because the very nature of success is for these metrics to disappear and become part of the Synopsys overall metric. And therein lies the challenge and having been on other boards, I see the problem in many of these situations where you really would like to track for the next 5 years if it was a great decision. And the reality is, they're part of the family and the products are integrated and one builds on it in different ways. And so at the end of the day, it ends up being executive judgments to see which ones were well done and well not. Now just to give a little bit more color, we do look back on the acquisitions, and there's always the test of fire, which is, would you do it again? And would you do it again differently? And would you not do it at all? And in the very, very majority, we never arrive at the question, we'd not do it at all, but we use each one of those look backs, which we do periodically as a way to learn and how to do it better going forward.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right. And last question around SpringSoft. You mentioned using offshore cash. Is there any tax implications? In other words, do you have enough cash in that jurisdictions, or is there going to be some either transfer payments or other things that we should think about in terms of how we're considering your cash flow as you close that deal?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, I would say that there would be a minimal tax impact on the transfer. The major jurisdiction is the U.S. versus offshore, if you like. And that is where, again, a pretty significant charge if you had to bring funds back to the country. So in a way, this is an excellent use of the cash that is offshore. The fact that it's offshore allows a lot of flexibility in which country and which subsidiary it's associated with and then bringing it into Taiwan to actually close the tender offer and the full share buyouts. So minimal impact from a tax perspective since the cash is already offshore.
Operator: Next, we will hear from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Thomas Yeh calling in for Krish Sankar. Within the context of the photomask business, recently talking about some weakness in leading-edge IC design. Have you seen any signs of increased caution from your semi customers? And if not, what kind of scenario would it take for customers to really pull back on their R&D spending?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think we have seen caution for the last 2 years. And that is mostly due to the up and down of the economic picture. But interestingly enough, that caution as one aspect that tends to accelerate things, which is that people are even more conscious that if there is any economic challenge, you need to be very, very competitive. And if nothing else, I would say that the utilization of the advanced geometries and that touches certainly everything that has to do with lithography as well, has been very, very strong and very demanding. Now these new nodes tend to be actually fairly difficult to design in, and we can see that by just watching the amount of support and hand-holding required, but we can also see it by the level of interest in having tools that are ready for these advanced nodes. So interestingly enough, this is a clear situation where the overall, let me call it, caution in the global markets has had no negative impact on the R&D side of things at all, on the contrary. It may bring additional caution to the volume management side of these companies, but we have very little to do with that.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then a quick one on SpringSoft. You'd mentioned that SpringSoft is more upfront than Synopsys in terms of the Synopsys 90-10 ratable model. Is it safe to assume that SpringSoft's revenue recognition is potentially more ratable than Magma's previous split, which is around 50-50?
Brian M. Beattie: It's again hard to compare until we dig into the specific details because again, we're under a slightly different local Taiwan GAAP standards to U.S. GAAP standards and the treatment of that. So again, we have a good assessment internally for our due diligence work that's gone on. And again, they will be operated as 2 separate companies until the transaction is completed. And we'll be working during that period to identify each one of the contracts and profiling according to the Synopsys and the U.S. GAAP standards that we will follow. And the end result will be that those revenues will be taken -- that have not yet been taken will be taken over very ratable more than 90% ratability curve. And that will be profiled. And again, expect to give details more on the next earnings call, as we learn more of that ourselves
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And just a quick one on the average length or duration of the contracts for SpringSoft. Is that something that you have available at the top of your head?
Brian M. Beattie: I don't, but I'll just color it by saying more upfront revenue than what we have. So again, as we get those contracts in place, we will align them, integrate them, report back to you on our new duration if that looks -- we again anticipate it will be very similar. It's all software; just as ours is predominantly software. And we'll give you the details once we integrate it.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: First, a quick clarification. The high single-digit growth next year, that's earnings growth and not revenue growth, is that correct?
Brian M. Beattie: Earnings growth, EPS.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. So what is your view then on just the industry growth for core EDA at this point? It sounds like across the board, things are better than they were a year ago. And I'm just curious if you've change your outlook for low- to mid-single digit?
Aart J. de Geus: I think they are better than a year ago. And right now, we have not really changed the outlook. Remember that we were hesitant to comment about the industry, a, because there are fewer players that really matter; and b, because we're on slightly different revenue recognition models. And so it's only for ourselves, we think that this year turned out to be stronger than anticipated so when we did the planning mid last year. And at the same time, I think we're executing well, so that helps. Going forward, in -- all in all, I don't expect to see huge change. But obviously, economy does impact things a little bit. It's just not as much as for most other companies.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Yes, okay. And when you look at the revenue growth in the industry, are you seeing higher growth rate at the smaller companies that are moving to these advanced nodes faster than they have in the past? Or is it really the large customers that are driving the pace still?
Aart J. de Geus: I'm hesitant to say yes and yes. It's very individual to companies. There are some large companies that are racing like crazy. It's quite amazing actually how they do that. And then there's some small companies that see an opportunity by racing like crazy to either get acquired or to take a piece out of the height of some of the medium-sized companies. So in many ways, it's the history of advanced high-tech is in full swing here. And with that, I think we're going to see a continual changes in the industry, some positive surprises, some unexpected changes. But I would like to highlight again, there's fairly high degree of concentration on advanced technology. A lot of people betting on getting the next shift to be at the next node and being still faster, still larger and in some cases, also lower power. So that's a race that we absolutely want to participate in.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Yes, well it seems like since there's such a large investment at several foundries right now that the mid-tier fabless guy could get access to this advanced technology sooner than they would in the past. And that would...
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think, generically, that's true. At the same time, it's interesting to observe that in the last 6 months, there were innumerable stories about not being able to get sufficient access to 28-nanometer. And that was a combination of capacity not being in place, but also, the yields not being as good as people would like to have. And so why is that important to us? Well, it's important to us because not only do we have tools that help improve the yield, but we also have design techniques that create higher yield. And so it just closes again the loop that from manufacturing to design, it's really one success ecosystem. And it's to our benefit to help people be as competitive as possible.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then earlier, Aart, you talked about the 80 active designs of 20-nanometers today. How does that compare to the 28-nanometer ramp? And maybe how does that compare to just what the total design activity is at 28 today?
Aart J. de Geus: Okay. Well, to give you a comparison, rough round numbers at 28-32, we lump those things together. We have about a bit over 400 of those active designs.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then so the 80 at 20, is that kind of ramp what you've see in the past, or is it a faster ramp than you've seen in the past?
Aart J. de Geus: No, it's similar. There was a bit of a delay on the ramps, I would say, about 2 years ago. And you can see it on the graphs of the different nodes. But fundamentally, at least at this stage, the shapes look similar. And we certainly know that people are already chasing the next one, too. So, so far, as much as the proverbial death of Moore's Law has been predicted many times, probably including by us, right now, we're defying death and for the next 5 to 10 years, I think there's a lot of work to be done.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: That sounds good. And then, Brian, back on the cash flow. You talked about $450 million this year. In a typical year, how does that break out between onshore and offshore? I'm just kind of curious how fast you'll be able to build back up your onshore cash.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, good question, Tom. It's 50-50. It flows if you look where our revenues are split, 50 U.S., 50 outside of the U.S. The cash flow follows that profile as well. So again, relative to SpringSoft, use of offshore cash that will continue to build up there, for the U.S. side where, again, we can look at U.S. M&A, our buyback scenarios and other things, half of the cash will be attributed to the U.S., and good strong balances as well as having both debt capacities and the small amount of current debt currently on the board to really put our -- continue to put our balance sheet to work.
Operator: And next we'll hear from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Brian, just on the non-GAAP operating margin. You've been pretty consistent since 2008 in 23% to 24% range. Is that something we've kind of -- at a saturation level, or are you thinking anything? Is there anything that can be done there to push that beyond 24% levels?
Brian M. Beattie: Sure, Mahesh. You can see that in 2012, we are forecasting over 100 basis point improvement in our operating margin compared to 2011. We have said for several years that our goal is, over time, to be in the mid-20s. So just as we're delivering as we have over the past several years, we continue to push for higher operating margin levels and expect that to be in the mid-20 range.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And where do you think that most potential is? Is it revenue growth or slower cost to increase? I mean, with the M&A, as you can't keep up the cost increase, you cannot slow down the cost increase. But where do you think that level is to go to the 25%?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, it has to be both, of course. At the end of the day, no business can grow its profitability well if it doesn't grow revenue. And obviously, that's got to be our driving consideration. At the same time, the rest is really the discipline of managing your P&L. And that discipline, of course, gets sort of shocked every time we make an acquisition because, at least temporarily, you have a new family member, so to speak, with different P&L configuration. And moreover, a haircut has been applied or is being applied for the first year or so. But having said that, we clearly look at acquisitions also from a perspective of efficiency, certainly for the infrastructure, certainly for part of our field connection to the customers, be it on the sales side or be it on the support side, and even in some of the cases on the R&D side. Although if there's efficiency of the R&D side, we tend to variably use that to really accelerate other capabilities. But fundamentally, there's no reason whatsoever that acquisitions should be negative over longer period of time to our profitability. And as Brian said earlier, we have been on the track to get to mid-20s and mathematically speaking, 24% is not quite mid-20s yet.
Brian M. Beattie: And Mahesh -- maybe, Mahesh, also just to maybe add to that, all of the discussion on operating margins, of course, are vectored towards continued high single-digit EPS growth. I mean, we've put that number out there several years ago. We've been fortunate in the last few years to see double-digit top line and EPS growth. And again, all of the actions we take relative to driving our core business, our IP and systems business, which now, even on a trailing 12-month basis, is over $400 million, driving that on double-digit top line growth, managing our expenses, looking at M&A for continued growth and finally, holding our share count at roughly flat with the FY '12 levels, have been the ways that we have developed our plan on continued high EPS growth. So margin management is just part of that related to both revenue growth and expense management.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And to follow up, just a clarification on the cash flow commentary. I mean, you're increasing the guidance pretty significantly. But you mentioned one time that it was related to one customer coming up at the -- big payment, but that was predictable. So I was wondering if you can give a little bit more color on where the higher cash flow guidance -- the significant increase in cash flow guidance is coming from?
Brian M. Beattie: Absolutely, yes. The first element that you referred to in the question earlier was about our large customer. And that payment was expected, and it's not contributing materially to the growth. Our prior guidance was about $320 million to $340 million. And now based on Q3 results and cash achieved, plus the outlook for our fourth quarter -- based on those stronger business levels, is one reason to show that our cash flow could increase hereby between $130 million and $110 million. The second thing was the profile of those new transactions, which we saw in Q3 and anticipated in Q4, just show that the ability to collect cash within the first year of the 3-year agreement is actually coming in better than we expected and very strong, good terms and conditions being put in place. And then remember, the third point was about the lower spending, lower disbursements and all that contributing. But again, to put it in context, we look at how that relates over time to our EBITDA less the tax -- cash taxes paid. And if you look back on the last 3 years, in '11 -- from '11, '09 and '10, our average operating cash flow is about $340 million. So we'll track that EBITDA over time. And just forecasting it of when a particular contract is signed and whether it's renewed early or renewed on time, those are all the elements we try to forecast each quarter in our outlook. And again, it's just all of it coming in much better than where we saw it a quarter ago.
Operator: In a moment, we'll hear from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer. [Operator Instructions] And so next, we'll hear from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Aart, 2 somewhat related questions about EDA customer activity. Historically, the EDA industry was not particularly governed by a large number of licenses installed. Even within the larger revenue categories of EDA, it's not a particularly high-volume industry. And the question is, is there anything now particularly at the newer nodes or the newer applications’ requirements that might suggest that there would be some meaningful increases in the volume of licenses, not that you get paid by customer for their volume, but instead that you -- they would consume more licenses than they might have in the past. Secondly, at the DAC breakfast that you had mentioned earlier, Synopsys highlighted the fact that you have now double patterning enabled many of your tools. There was even some mention of something called triple patterning. But the question there is, are you, in fact, seeing a large usage or increased usage of those newly enabled tools, particularly since the 20-nanometer design activity has gone from the 50 that was quoted at DAC to be 80 now?
Aart J. de Geus: So on the licenses, I assume that you say it's a low-license market, if you compare it to, let's say, design drawing tools and things like that. Certainly, in that sense, we are relatively low license, also a much lower number of customers. However, certainly, in the last decade, we have seen a continual growth of the number of licenses. And the challenge that, as an industry, we have always faced is that customers need many more licenses but don't have many more times the budget that they have before. And so for better or for worse, the reality of that has been that they have gradually grown larger pools of licenses and gradually grown the amounts that they have spent with us. But the spending is unfortunately not proportional to the number of licenses. Now be it as it may, that is just the way this industry functions. And I'm not complaining; it's just an observation. Having said that, I think there's some areas that have seen clearly more license growth than others. And the area that immediately comes to mind is the various forms of simulation. And what you can see is that the complexity of the designs that people are dealing with, that simulation can be at the transitional level all the way to the system level. Those complexities are such that the number of potential errors is very large and growing much more rapidly than the size of the design, therefore, verification continues to grow. And so this is one of the reasons we're spending attention to that area. And I think we will see a continued license growth there. On the double patterning, yes, this is technology that is both very advanced and now very necessary. And for those that are not initiated with that term, what this is all about is that in order to get very, very small devices on a chip, instead of doing a single illumination, a flash of light, you do 2 flashes of light, or even 3, in most cases 2, therefore double patterning. And the combination of the patterns give you sharper lines, so to speak. Now you can quickly imagine that, that becomes very difficult because you're essentially doing 2 designs at the same time that are -- that become 1 design through the interaction of light rays. I've purposely made this story a little complicated because -- and you will appreciate that the tools to make this actually work are very, very sophisticated. The good news is, I think, we're very much on top of this field. We have been investing in this for at least a decade. Many acquisitions that we made in the lithography area over the years have greatly enhanced our understanding from every which way you can think about this. And so for the advanced tools, the answer is yes, this is now in utilization and is actually a point of differentiation when you can point to the fact that you have these technologies and get good timing and good power and all the other metrics of success. So the games continue to become more complex, and that, so far, plays into our hands.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. A couple of follow-ups for Brian, please. First, according to your website, you're listing close to 400 open positions globally, mostly in engineering and R&D, of course. And that number that you're showing is roughly equivalent to 5% of your current headcount. The question is does your margin guidance for the rest of the year and earnings consumption going into next year envision that you would fill most, if not all, of those positions? Then one final one on IP.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, you got it. The expenses we factored in for the rest of the year assumes some growth in the numbers, but I'd kind of take you away from those open wreck list because in there, again, you've got a number of things. One is, again, we go after very, very specific technical engineering skills around the world in terms of EDA and semiconductor technologies. And those people aren't always available. So we are constantly looking for the best people. Second thing is there are normal industry levels of attrition that go on and happens in different places around the world at different rates. And you always have to have people available to come in and join your team, just taking care of normal attrition levels that we and every other company in the industry have seen. So again, the specific heads coming in, we factor through after -- you look at a significant list of potential hires and then bring that down into specific names and numbers and when would they start, what jobs will they have and so on. All of that is factored in very clearly, into our '12 plans. And again, we're also very cognizant of '13 spending levels. And we're working through some of the internal budgeting activities between now and, of course, our next earnings call to complete the details of how we're going to deliver again high single-digit earnings growth in '13.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. And then lastly on IP, is there an appreciable change in the license mix in your IP and systems business? For instance, sequentially, your IP and systems business was up about $17 million from Q2, but your upfront revenue and total was up only $3 million. So I know that in the past, IP was somewhat more upfront than the software tools business, but has there been then appreciable change at all in that respect, Brian?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, Jay. What I'd highlight is that again, relative to our organic growth and number of the acquisitions in this area, that we've seen some changes in our slight business model, less upfront revenue generically. We see more revenue related to both percentage completion and milestone based, and that was the discussion of how Q3 had picked up in the service line earlier. And again, many times in terms of some of the IP activities in that, there are commitments that take place over multiple years and the revenue has to be recognized over that period as well. So again, you see very strong numbers in terms of IP and systems. Even on a trailing 12-month basis, we're up about 26% in that area. And as I mentioned, we're now over $400 million trailing 12-month revenues in that area. So we said double-digit growth and clearly, you can see the results reflecting that over the past several years.
Operator: Speakers, we've got about 1.5 minutes before the top of the hour, no further questions in queue.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, thank you very much for attending this earnings conference call. As said, I think we're looking back on a very strong quarter with a strong outlook for the year, which we shared with you, and also a lot of good work already in preparation for 2013. So with that, thank you for joining us, and we will follow up with some of you individually after this call.
Operator: Thank you very much. And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference today. We appreciate your participation and your using AT&T Executive TeleConference. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-05-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank Aart J. de Geus - Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian M. Beattie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2012. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last 1 hour. 5 minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Kathy. Good afternoon, everyone. With us on the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Co-CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our remarks this afternoon, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2012, and our earnings release for the second quarter of fiscal year 2012. All financial information to be discussed on this conference call, the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the current report on Form 8-K that we filed today, our second quarter earnings release and our financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart J. de Geus: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'm pleased to report excellent Q2 results, very rapid progress on the integration of Magma Design Automation and raise guidance for fiscal year 2012. Let me begin with a financial summary. Our business in Q2 was strong across all metrics with revenue of $433 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.53, which includes $0.01 of dilution from Magma that was not included in our previous guidance range. For the year, we are raising our outlook based on increased visibility and confidence and the progress made on the Magma integration to a range of $2.03 to $2.07. From the perspective of our long-term financial management, you may recall that in 2010, we communicated to you a high single-digit EPS growth objective based on 5 pillars: One, organic revenue growth in core EDA of low to mid-single-digits; two, double-digit organic revenue growth in IP and systems; three, continued M&A; four, efficient allocation of resources; and five, keeping share count roughly flat at approximately 150 million shares. Clearly, we continue to deliver against these objectives and are already well on track to achieve double-digit EPS growth again this year. We will provide 2013 guidance in our December earnings release, but I will say already now that our objective is to achieve high single-digit EPS growth for next year as well. For the present quarter and year, Brian will provide more financial detail in just a minute. Before addressing the product highlights, let me comment on the current landscape. For as the economic ups and downs are readily visible in the press on a daily basis, the electronics and semiconductor industries are racing forward from a technology point of view. While electronic consumption is staying high, the battle for share among the providers is quite intense, resulting in some consolidation and accelerated push towards the 28-nanometer production of advanced chips and substantial investments into the next generations of technology. For our industry, this clearly means additional pressure as we support challenged and very competitive customers. But also, a solid landscape of renewals, add-on purchases and emphasis on value selling. We expect that going forward, customers will rely more on EDA for improved design efficiency and product differentiation, which bodes well for our sustained growth prospects. In that sense, EDA feels healthier than it has been in a number of years. These analysts are particularly positive for Synopsys. For many years, we have focused on building a set of complete solutions, ranging from system design to chip implementation to manufacturing. In addition, our time-based business model, supported by a substantial multiyear backlog, lets us continually invest in R&D and support in virtually any phase of the economic cycle. Consequently, it's not surprising that the majority of the state-of-the-art designs are done with Synopsys tools and rely on the skills of our global support teams, which brings me to the highlights for the quarter, starting with our core EDA and manufacturing offerings. One of the advanced areas in which both stress and excitement are visible on a daily basis, is in the design of processors, graphics and SSE. Clearly, our customers aim to achieve highest performance at lowest power. In this area, Synopsys shines. One example is with Samsung, who completed the first-ever production tape-out of a high-speed ARM Cortex-A15 processor relying exclusively on IC Compiler and Galaxy for physical design. Simultaneously, the acceleration to 28-nanometer saw the number of active designs and tape-outs grow 15% to 20% this quarter. The vast majority of these use our Galaxy solution. For the even more advanced 20-nanometer node, we estimate that Synopsys is being used in about 80% of designs and tape-outs. In this context, links to manufacturing become even more important. Our two-pronged strategy features integrating manufacturing elements into design tools for faster and better results and developing manufacturing tools to attack the most difficult challenges at the next advanced processes. Our Proteus mask synthesis solution, for example, continues to gain share. During the quarter, we announced that Renesas had adopted Proteus LRC for lithography verification. Also in the quarter, we had another major manufacturer adopted Proteus for 20-nanometer. In parallel to implementation, verification continues to be a crucial part of the design flow with 70% plus of advanced designs from processors to graphics to SSEs being verified using Synopsys. A particular highlight for the quarter was our success in expanding our verification IP offering. We introduced groundbreaking technical advances in this area, yielding competitive wins at several large companies. For example, last week, we announced that AMD had selected Synopsys as its verification IP partner. Let me briefly also comment on our excellent progress in integrating Magma and working with their customers. In last 90 days since we closed, we integrated all of the teams. While keeping the critical core of technologies and technical support, we're able to recognize considerable expense synergies by eliminating overlapping infrastructure positions. We are progressing swiftly to rationalize facilities and other long-term expenses as well. Focusing immediately on our joint customers, our combined teams conducted very insightful face-to-face worldwide listening tours. In parallel, our R&D teams that detailed cross-training and analysis to assess where strength could be leveraged on each product line. This week, we started to roll out customized roadmaps to our customers responsive to their stated needs. From the start, we have been very clear that we will support the former Magma tools to make sure that our customers' projects will not be jeopardized. It is also clear that in a number of areas, there are very good technologies that will integrate with other Synopsys tools, creating even better solutions and providing interesting upgrade opportunities. We see some of these capabilities becoming available as soon as year end or early next year. Since the roadmap discussions have just started, it's too early to comment on the specifics, but in general, the customer interactions are going very well. Now to IP, where Synopsys is the second largest vendor in the world leading at interface, memory and analog IP blocks. Given the high time-to-market pressure for most consumer applications, and the enormous number of sophisticated IP blocks used in the key SSE chips, the build versus buy trade-off for IP continues to evolve to the benefit of commercial solutions. Q2 is another strong business quarter for our IP, and we continue to expand our portfolio both organically and through acquisition. For example, during the quarter, we acquired 10-gigabit SERDES technology from MOSAID, further expanding our high-speed service offering. With increased attention on the advanced technology nodes, adoption of our IP blocks for advanced 28- and 20-nanometer designs is ramping steadily. We expect Synopsys' IP to continue to be a good driver of growth for us this year. In systems, our SPGA-based and virtual prototyping product line are doing well also. The ability to accelerate embedded software developments by 6 to 9 months is a compelling value proposition for project managers. Given that most prototyping systems are still built in-house today, we see increased outsourcing to commercial solutions from Synopsys as the driver of growth here as well. Bringing IP and system solutions together, last month, we introduced the Soundwave Audio Subsystem, a complete, integrated hardware and software audio IP subsystem for system-on-chip designs. This first of its kind solution is designed to save customers years of integration and verification effort and supports popular audio standards such as Dolby, SRS and DTS. Overall, be it in low power design, in complex system verification or in sophisticated IP reuse, all of our products are supported by a worldwide team of experts that our customers greatly rely on for their differentiation and success. Before I conclude, let me briefly comment on today's announcement that Chi-Foon Chan has been appointed to join me as co-CEO. Many of you know that Chi-Foon and I have been working in this matter for over a decade, and while this is formal recognition of the success we've had in co-leading the company into his present leadership position, there are no major changes in structure or responsibilities. I will continue as Chairman and CEO, being the main face to Wall Street, and Chi-Foon will continue as President and co-CEO shouldering much of the operational responsibilities for the company. I'm extremely pleased that we are recognizing Chi-Foon's hard work and talent in this way. I look forward to together conceive and drive the next phase of growth of Synopsys. In summary, we delivered excellent Q2 results and are raising yearly guidance based on both intrinsic strength in our base business and the addition of Magma. The environment for EDA and Synopsys is robust and demand for our technology is strong. We're making rapid progress in integrating Magma and expect to deliver even better technology going forward. I'll now call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian M. Beattie: Well, thank you, Aart, and good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with our guidance for Q3 and the full year. In this first quarter following our recent Magma acquisition, I will also address the related Q2 financial impacts and will outline the revenue trends of the Magma business leading into FY '13. Going forward, we will not be breaking out the impact of Magma as the company has become fully integrated. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Now Synopsys delivered an excellent quarter, highlighted by strong business levels, double-digit growth in both revenue and non-GAAP earnings and considerable free cash flow generation. Additionally, we are raising our full year outlook for revenue, non-GAAP earnings and operating cash flow. Let me now provide some additional detail on our financials. Total revenue was $433 million, an increase of 10% compared to a year ago and well above our target range. As expected, revenue contribution from Magma was modest at $14 million, primarily reflecting the standard purchase accounting haircut that was applied to deferred revenue. We delivered growth across all product groups, with particular strength from our core EDA platform. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of second quarter revenue. Approximately 90% of Q2 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog, while upfront revenue was 5% of total. Now this is well within our target range of less than 10% upfront. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was about 2.7 years, and we expect average duration in fiscal 2012 to be about 2.8 years. Turning to expenses. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $415 million, which included $29 million of amortization of intangible assets, $21 million of stock-based compensation. We also had $31 million of acquisition-related costs that related primarily to Magma. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $332 million, an expected year-over-year increase also due mainly to our Magma acquisition. Excluding Magma, total non-GAAP costs and expenses would have declined sequentially. Non-GAAP operating margin was 23% for the quarter and 24% for the first half of fiscal 2012. For all of FY '12, we continue to expect non-GAAP operating margin to increase over FY '11 levels by approximately 100 basis points. Turning now to earnings. GAAP earnings per share were $0.14, down from $0.53 a year ago. And recall that Q2 of FY '11 earnings included the onetime impact of a $32.8 million or $0.21 per share GAAP-only tax benefit associated with an IRS settlement for fiscal years 2006 through 2009. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased 18% to $0.53 and includes the $0.01 dilution from Magma. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 24% for the quarter. And for modeling purposes, we continue to think that a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 25% is a reasonable estimate for fiscal 2012. Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items. Our balance sheet remains strong with $797 million in cash and cash equivalents. We also had $250 million of debt at the end of the quarter due to the Magma acquisition. Of our total cash balance, 19% was onshore at quarter end and 81% was offshore. As expected, our domestic cash declined as a result of the Magma acquisition. We generated $127 million in cash from operations in the quarter, and we are raising our operating cash flow target for the year to $320 million to $340 million. Continuing on with our cash and balance sheet items. Capital expenditures were $9 million for the quarter. For the year, we expect capital spending of approximately $55 million. We did not spend cash to repurchase stock in the quarter and have approximately $272 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. And as always, we'll evaluate the best uses of cash each quarter, including company operations, M&A investments, repayment of debt and stock repurchases. So continue on with our balance sheet items. Q2 net accounts receivable totaled $236 million and DSO was 50 days, within our target range. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $736 million. We ended Q2 with approximately 7,475 employees, with more than 1/3 in lower-cost geographies. Approximately 590 of the additional employees were from our recent acquisitions, the majority coming from Magma. Now let's address our third quarter and fiscal 2012 guidance, which excludes any future M&A, including the impact of future acquisition-related expenses on GAAP targets that may be incurred in Q3 and beyond. So for the third quarter of FY '12, our targets are: Revenue between $440 million and $448 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $371 million and $387 million, which includes approximately $16 million of stock-based compensation expense; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $333 million and $343 million; other income and expense between 0 and negative $2 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 26%; outstanding shares between 149 million and 153 million; GAAP earnings of $0.29 to $0.34 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.49 to $0.51 per share. And we expect greater than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog. Now our fiscal 2012 outlook. We're raising our revenue range with our new target between $1.74 billion and $1.76 billion, reflecting underlying strength in our base Synopsys business and also the addition of Magma. At this time, we anticipate that Magma will contribute approximately $60 million for the full year. Other income and expense between 0 and $3 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 25%; Outstanding shares between 148 million and 152 million; GAAP earnings per share between $1.04 and $1.16, which includes the impact of approximately $71 million in stock-based compensation expense; non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.03 to $2.07; and we raised the midpoint of our guidance range by $0.05, $0.03 of that due to Magma. And our current range represents year-over-year growth of approximately 13% to 15%, exceeding our beginning-of-the-year commitment to deliver high single-digit earnings growth in FY '12. And we are now targeting cash flow from operations of $320 million to $340 million. Now as I've mentioned, while we're still analyzing the business and planning for FY '13, our objective is to achieve high single-digit non-GAAP EPS growth. For modeling purposes, we think that a reasonable estimate for Magma revenue is just shy of about $100 million, taking into account the business model transition under Synopsys, along with the backlog profile that was acquired. So in summary, we're pleased with our excellent second quarter results highlighted by top and bottom line growth, solid operating margin and strong cash flow generation. We're also pleased to provide increased revenue, EPS and cash flow guidance for FY '12. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I'd like to extend my congratulations to Chi-Foon on his promotion. So to start out, Aart, with something referred to in your prepared remarks about 28-nanometer where there's a lot of activity and some issues with respect to yield and I guess, capacity. Can you talk to how sort of that's potentially benefiting Synopsys? Where are the opportunities there and perhaps also at below 28-nanometer at this point?
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. The 28-nanometer node has been in the works for a long time, both from a technology development, as well as from a designer perspective. And I think the reality is that the 2 are coming together now all at the same time with both market opportunities, designs that are ready to go and applications that really would like to take advantage of this node. And as you pointed out correctly, there's definitely the perception of lack of capacity and maybe even some yield issues that cause a lack of capacity. Now nothing that drives capacity growth more rapidly and yield improvements more rapidly than customers that are eager to buy, but we are clearly seeing that all of the suppliers of silicon are working very hard to try to take advantage of this opportunity. Simultaneously, it's an opportunity for us because the chip design itself has influence on the quality and the yields that one can get in the implementation. And so products such as our Yields Explorer allows people to look at their design and look up to the manufacturing and identify more easily issues that could reduce yield. And therefore work more closely with a foundry rapidly to fix those. And we are definitely seeing upswing on that specifically around that node. In general, I think it's encouraging that 28-nanometer is doing well because it indicates that the wave of moving to this node is now really becoming very real from a production point of view. And of course, a few companies are already well ahead of that. But this indicates that there's a lot of, I would say, advanced, if not super advanced, chips are now migrating there, and so that demands a lot of tools, a lot of handholding, which is some pressure, but also a lot of opportunity for us.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then with respect to your discussions with customers that have -- that were both Synopsys and Magma customers, any one concern is that the degree that those customers wanted a dual-vendor strategy, now they're effectively a single vendor strategy. What can you do to prevent them from the fact that -- if you to try to prevent them from going to another vendor to sort of create a dual-vendor strategy and what -- how were those talks going?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, for starters, we don't want to prevent them from doing anything because if people really want alternatives, then they're free to do so. I think what the bringing together of the Magma technology and the Synopsys technology does is for starter actually accelerate the overall frame that we have. It makes it more solid for the coming node of 20-nanometer, which is a node that requires a large amount of technical investment and support, dedication. So in that sense, I think we are a much more and even better bet, I should say, because of combining those things. And at the same time, we have been very clear to the customers that certainly for all of their ongoing projects, we don't want to jeopardize where they're heading there, and we'll continue to support the former Magma tools. So I think the customers have a lot of choice, but the customers are also very, very focused on figuring out which solutions really work and actually try to reduce some of the application.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And finally, for Brian, can you state what the interest rate is on the debt that you took out?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes. It's effectively today at about 1.375%.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And is that a floating rate?
Brian M. Beattie: It does, yes. It floats on a LIBOR. We've been using 30-day LIBOR rates, and the premium on top of that, the spread is about 1.1%. So LIBOR rate now is very inexpensive. We continue to expect the rates will stay low for the foreseeable future.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And is it your intent to maintain that debt for some period? Or would you consider paying that off rather quickly as you generate cash and the balance of the year?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, I'd say our goal is to obtain really the maximum optionality that we can with the resources that we've got. But it's a balancing item there between our operations and repaying that debt. Also, the M&A opportunities, it's still maybe in front of us and also the buyback scenario. So we look at all 4 of those areas as areas that we need to address and use the cash in the appropriate way.
Operator: We have a question from Raj Seth with Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Brian, first, a question for you. Your guidance suggests, your annual guidance, that we'll see sequentially lower operating margins into Q4. I mean, there was the same trajectory pre-Magma. Can you remind me what the reason is for that? And I'm just curious if there's some residual lot of costs in there that one might expect go away as you moved into the next year? I mean, fundamentally, I guess, I'm curious how to think about margins in the next year. You mentioned high single growth -- high single-digit growth expectation. Do you think that margins ought to expand in the next year, stay about where they are? How do I think about that next?
Brian M. Beattie: Sure, Raj, you bet. Yes, as we look at margins, first thing we'd say is, again, we're focused on improving the efficiency and driving margin up. And we anticipate that for this year, we will be up approximately 100 basis points over the numbers that we had seen last year in 2011. Relative to the Magma costs and the margin pressure, again, we anticipated that back of the last quarter that the earnings contribution from Magma would be modest and, in fact, we came out at $0.03. So for this year, the operating margins aren't quite up to the standard as you'd anticipate from the transition costs that we have for integrating the products, and again, anticipating that to improve as we drive profitability up from Magma well into '13. And then the last point I'd say is that, again, our -- as you see us already being close to 23% to 24% operating margin, that our goal continues to be achieving the mid-20% levels over the next few years as well. So again, just recall that on a quarter-to-quarter basis, it does move around a little bit based on the timing of the expenses and how things work. Recall the extra week we had in the first quarter, which happens every 5 to 6 years. And you will see a bit of movement. But overall, again, about 100 basis points improvement in 2012 over 2011, inclusive of our acquisition.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And a question, if I might, for Aart. Aart, on the IP business, you talked about a good momentum there. Can you talk briefly about sort of what the margin trajectory is there? And as you balance, I suppose, the desire for breadth in the portfolio, how do you balance that against the -- and you tell me if this is true or not, but the fact that you probably have some hit products with them, the portfolio that probably generate, I'm guessing, a lot of the disproportionate amount of the revenue, just talk a little bit about you're going to build that out over the next 12 months or so?
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. Raj, I think you gave most of the answer in your question, which is, it is precisely a balancing act between growth, profitability and broadening the portfolio for the short and the broad term. And in that context, a, we are clearly seeing continued growth, the business is doing well, and we think it's an important one going forward; b, without giving specifics, I think we've commented started maybe roughly 4 to 6 quarters ago, that we were gradually improving the operating margin of that business largely because as the business becomes larger, it should become more and more profitable; and c, you saw some of the results of that overall in the results for the corporation. Brian just mentioned that this year, we will be moving up the operating margin by roughly 100 basis points. Well, that is the result of all of those things, including this business. And so I think we're well on track in every domain. Now from a broadening point of view, at any point in time, yes, some of the products are "hot" because when somebody needs it, their competitor needs it, and before you know it, everybody needs it. And that is, by the way, also the nature of many of those standards. But it's also true that to be evolved constantly, they constantly have to be mapped into other technologies, and so there's actually quite a distribution of efforts over a broad portfolio. And that is actually one of the Synopsys' strength.
Operator: We have a question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Brian, can you start with maybe walk us through from a high level, if you can. So you have Magma that was out there with, what, a high $30 million, almost $40 million quarterly revenue run rate. How do we think about starting there, taking the deferred revenue haircut, what the impact from the model transition might be to get us to the revenue contributions you talked about for this year and next year?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, sure will, Sterling. As you know, we said that this year, the revenue contribution from Magma would be about $60 million. And that, that, on a full year basis, going into '13, would give us just slightly less than about $100 million of run rate. So first of all, it starts with a very significantly different business model. And as we look at the business and the operations of Magma, now we've had an opportunity to go through every single contract and profile those out for the years, we found a few things. Number one was that, as you know, from the last 2 quarters, that more than 50% of those revenues were taken upfront. As you can imagine, that's a significant difference from us that is this past quarter, we had about 5% of revenues that are taken upfront. So under Synopsys, we look at taking those revenues for both contracts that were signed and contracts to be signed with the Magma products to our very, very ratable model. So it's quite different. So naturally, it would have the impact of stretching out those revenues. The other thing that we saw was also the length of contracts. We had one of the contracts we acquired also went out to 2019, first quarter of our 2019 plan. So you could see that many of the contracts, as referred to in the backlog, were some in excess of 5 to 6 years. And of course, we're trying to align that again with the Synopsys model, which averaged about 2.7 years. But we'll certainly honor all of the commitments that were made in that regard. And finally, down to the backlog, looking at the very specific backlog of products and contracts that were acquired on the transition, we saw about $200 million of backlog that meets the Synopsys' standard of not having options included in them for transitions. And we've taken that backlog very specifically into account as we projected both the end of this year and well into 2013 revenue. So I'd say those are the 3 contributors to the difference from what was seen as Magma numbers from the last quarter it was reported to our detailed review of them now as we look forward.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So we can assume the ratable mix to be identical to your -- to the 90 plus going forward?
Brian M. Beattie: That's correct.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And that could be a transition period? Okay.
Brian M. Beattie: Absolutely, yes. And recall again, in the first number for this year, we had deferred revenues that were about $23 million that we acquired. And we'll lose about $12 million of that due to the standard purchase accounting haircut that's done on deferred revenues. So it has a little bit of an impact in '13, that cut kind of happens over 12 months or so. So again, pretty standard process as we look through it. But again, we told everybody last quarter, we would break out all the Magma impact through revenues, spending and earnings contribution. We've done that for the year. And then now as we said very clearly, the products, the teams, the customer accounts are all fully integrated, and we're moving forward.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then touching upon an earlier question, as we think about the expense run rate, associated to LAVA, how much of the cost synergies that you would want to capture from the deal have already been recognized? How much is still in front of us?
Brian M. Beattie: Well, I'd say, again, specifically identifying the Magma revenue or the Magma employees is really not the way the company is operating right now. We are totally integrated on an integrated product offering, integrated from a development perspective where the teams are jointly developing both a maintenance of products that were signed prior to our acquisition on February 22, as well as all the integration work to the best of all the products that are outlined earlier. So the teams are very integrated going forward. And clearly, we have goals we set for 2013 and beyond of high single-digit growth, and we know that we have to work that through. And again, that's a commitment we've already made with still 6 months to go in 2012, and we just see the teams as totally integrated. There's a last few elements that we have to address relative to some facilities that we actually moved out of this past weekend, the main headquarter facility. And that's actually a Q3 activity, but again, we're moving very, very quickly on customer integration, employee integration and facility rationalization with some very significant cuts that have been taken place already in the infrastructure groups to make all of this happen.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. One more, and I'll hop back into the queue. As I look at the $0.01 of dilution, it would seem to suggest the LAVA-related expenses are about $16 million in the quarter. But total expenses were about $23 million, $24 million. Higher than that I would have expected, meaning that there are -- looks like there's $7 million or $8 million of higher expenses in just the core Synopsys. Can you give me a sense as to when you looked at it -- where maybe expenses were a little bit towards the higher end of what you expected, was it sales marketing, was it research development? Where was the heavier spend?
Brian M. Beattie: You bet. The -- looking specifically at Q2 numbers, our spending was up again primarily related to the very, very strong business levels that we've seen in the first half of the year related to overachievements of those levels. We have also accrued and used Q2 as a 6-month catch-up on bearable compensation payments that are now being anticipated due to this overachievement that we've reflected both in our midpoint growing by about $85 million on the top line. And as you know, that’s both $65 million or $60 million for Magma and $25 million organic growth. And so again, a lot of it came from that perspective of the business is doing very well. We did need to accrue a little bit more to take into account the 6-month catch-up on variable comp.
Operator: We have a question from Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have 2 of them. Brian, just to get back on the synergy standpoint, I understand the Magma is well integrated, at what point do you think the operating margins of Magma would trend towards your corporate margins?
Brian M. Beattie: Well, it -- again, we're moving very, very quickly to bring up that newly acquired business. But again, let's put this in the context that the Magma business represents about 6% to 7% of the overall Magma -- or the overall Synopsys financial performance as measured by the revenues. And we're very quickly integrating those teams that they're doing the total development work for both product groups. The expenses reflect that. The revenues reflect that. And again, we have already made a commitment now for 2013 that we will continue with that high single-digit growth for 2013 and make sure the margins are there to do it, taking into account the momentum we had already this year, being up 100 basis points over last year and the commitment we've made to continue to drive our margins to the mid-20s.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, all right, and then I have a question for Aart. In all the last several quarters, you've seen many of the foundries and the chipmakers try to the 28-nanometer. In a scenario like that, did you actually see EDA spending stall out because customers are trying to fix the manufacturing issue? Or it was agnostic to what is happening in the factory? And secondly, if that is the scenario, do you expect a similar trend to 20-nanometer?
Aart J. de Geus: So we saw none of that. As a matter of fact, I think design is mostly driven by the complexity of design. And if there are yield issues, on any node, some people will spend some more money on the interface between design and manufacturing. Other people will rush to immediately remap their designs to either another node or another foundry if they can. And so I could not say, at all, that any yield issues, which, by the way, are common for every node in history, so I wouldn't overdramatize it either. But I don't think it has any negative impact on design. I think maybe on the positive side, the very fact that there's so many designs queued up for 28-nanometer tells us that there's a lot of very sophisticated chips in the works. And we certainly feel that through the perspective of our field support because they are very, very central to the success of these chip designs. And so in that context, I think that technology is racing forward as fast as it has been in the past, and the value is certainly very high because the competitiveness among our customers is very high right now.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Did you guys give what -- I mean, what's your breakout? What part of your revenue comes from 20-nanometer design today?
Aart J. de Geus: We actually don't break it out for a simple reason, which is our most advanced tools that are used for 20-nanometer, for example, are actually also bringing substantial benefits to 28- and 40-nanometer because they are faster. They're better. They're more optimized for low-power design and so on. And so in EDA, there's been a bit of a myth for years that every time there's a new node, people are going to change all their tools. I would say it's absolutely the opposite. People hate to change tools because these are very, very sophisticated programs. You learn how to use them, and so they upgrade if there is value to the next release, and it is true that advanced nodes tend to need the new release. But in general, I would not say that is a massive shift of tools because of a node transition.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Aart, I'd like to ask first about the Magma integration, of course. With respect to your sales and support model, the base business previously had a model where Synopsys would have about 3 or 4 AEs and field support per sales rep. And you also had, if I recall correctly, about 150 named accounts. With the integration of Magma, could you talk about how that might have changed in terms of the scope or ratios within your sales and support model?
Aart J. de Geus: It's a good question. I had to think a little bit because we certainly did not do the math that way. It's not a bad way to do the math. But in general, I would say that we kept the vast, vast majority of the technical people, and certainly, of the support people because there's such a high demand but only to support the previous Magma tools. But in general, for really good talent in the field as customers tackle more difficult designs. It is also true that we probably cut higher percentage in the sales team. But again, to put in perspective, we're talking about a very small company compared to the rest of Synopsys. And, but it still adds to your point, which is if you look at the last 5 years, my guess is that we have increased the number of support people per sales person largely because the sales activity, our team activities, anyway, with the business units and with others in the company. And whereas the support is something of which there's never enough of. And so I would say that balance has increased towards having more support people per sales person.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. With respect to the products or the forces of growth actually, with Magma, you now have majority shares implementation. You reinforced what was already probably majority of share in sign-off. And as you pointed out, you're #2 in IP. Could you talk about other areas where you might look to gain significant share or otherwise just your good enough organic growth that might have a material impact on run rates and revenues?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, as you know, we have a very broad portfolio, and I even hesitate to call the number of products because there's some very large products and of course, we have thousands of little IP products. But the reality is, to cover a broad set of designs, we need to have flows that are very complex and that have many different tools. So in that context, the first thing that Magma adds, and that was one of the key reasons to move ahead, is it adds even more technology and also more technologists and support people that are very capable to our team. And so we absolutely foresee that we will continue to invest in all the areas that you mentioned. At the same time, we have another set of tools that you didn't mention in the whole verification space, in the custom space, in the system space and, of course, in the IP space. And then, even within manufacturing, we are broadening somewhat. And although it is a really small addition, it's still noteworthy to mention that this past quarter, we added this small company in the Optical space, thus getting a little bit more footprint there as well. This is all maybe a long diatribe to clarify that there's no end to need for more technology and therefore, for opportunities for us. And in that context, it's both a quest for driving the best technology, the most advanced ones, but also integrating them really well and supporting them well. And so that is the, really the comprehensive picture that we're trying to drive forward for our customers.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. Just one more for you, Aart, and then a financial follow-up for Brian. How would you rate this integration, thus far, versus Avanti a decade or so ago, particularly the area of key employee retention in R&D, for example? And how are you doing in keeping key LAVA people on the FineSim and Tekton teams and so forth?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, in general, every acquisition is different in nature. At the same time, hopefully, over our history, we learned lessons, given that we done, I don't know, 60 or 70 of them by now. And in this case, if there's one thing maybe that stands out in our own execution is that we have moved very, very rapidly. The sheer fact that in 30 days, we had decided on all the people situations. In 60 days, we had already feedback from customers systematically. And now, 90 days later, we're already back on the road with the roadmaps going forward, I think, illustrates that we're moving quickly. I don't know the exact numbers actually, but of the 750 or so people, we must have retained roughly 500, 480 or so. And so I'm sure there will be some ups and downs around that, but the fact is we have some really, really good people that are here, and some have communicated that they really like to be here. I'm sure some will rethink it, but the bottom line is we're moving very fast. And I think there's some experience in the company on how to do it well. And it can all be summarized in one sentence, which is, "Do whatever is best for the customer in the long term, and then the rest will find its way."
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. And lastly, for Brian, you said that you had gone through the -- the LAVA backlog and contracts and, of course, changed the model. Could you talk about the degree to which you adhere to put all to LAVA's previously given bookings expectations? They have been public in giving some expectations for their bookings. Could you just talk about whether or not you haircutted those numbers at all? And with respect to your own internal increase in revenue, that $25 million you mentioned to yourself, if you gross that up to your bookings performance, would it be fair to say that you had roughly 100 million or more in bookings upside versus what you had set you would get to get to the prior revenue guidance?
Aart J. de Geus: Jay, this is Aart. Let me answer this one. For starters, as you know, we don't comment about our own bookings, and so we wouldn't comment about Magma's bookings either. Secondly, there was a lot of speak that the Magma business model was virtually the same as Synopsys. It is not anywhere close the same of Synopsys. And therefore, comparing their bookings practices to ours is not helpful driving the future. Everything we do right now is under exactly the practices that we've had in the past that you have heard from us about in the past. And I'm not saying theirs were better or worse or different -- or I'm saying they are different actually. And so we are just aligning it as if these were now Synopsys' products going forward, and so they follow exactly that same strategy. But clearly, we have reworked the backlog we received that came out quite different than the way they would have reported it. And hopefully, all the numbers that you get from us now are vetted through the practices that you have seen us have for a decade or so.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a follow-up from Sterling Auty.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple more. First, Aart, let's talk a little bit about the co-CEO. Just to answer the question because I'm sure there's going to be some discussion. Is this the first step in the transition for yourself out of the CEO position and onto something else? I know you mentioned that nothing's changing from an organizational perspective. But I still expect people to ask the question.
Aart J. de Geus: It's a completely legitimate question, so I can answer it head on. No, it is not a change in status or planning of change of status for me. On the contrary, it is actually both maybe a recognition and a highlighting of what has been a fabulously good working relationship. But even better than that, I think it is also the signing up for now really working on the next phase of growth of the company. And this is a particularly good time because I think we had very good results. We have actually very, very solid outlook for this year. And so our energy is entirely focused on '13, '14 and '15, and what better time to make these changes as now as we are working together as a team. One more comment, we also have a much larger company today than half a decade or 1 decade ago. And that includes, also from a geographical point of view, and the very fact that we can both speak with full authority for the company to very different geographical locations is actually a very good thing. And I don't think we ever question what the other says. It works very well as a team.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Brian, the jump in shares for EPS calculation in the quarter, was there anything more than just the higher stock price impacting your Treasury method?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, plus the fact that given a significant acquisition that our primary focus was on that acquisition, putting the debt structure in place to complete the transaction, and given that, we did not buy back any stock in the second quarter, combined with a higher price point that you mentioned. But overall, for the year, we look at relatively flat share count compared to where it was last year. And we'll continue to evaluate all the other options going forward.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And lastly, when you look at the gross margin, it came in very nicely for the quarter. How much of that was just a mix issue in terms of revenue versus any other items that may have been benefacted it?
Brian M. Beattie: Well on a gross level, primarily what you see there is some of the services to deliver in the field. There's really nothing fundamental to it. Sometimes, there's a little bit of a hardware mix for our little hardware business that we've got. So really no fundamental shifts at gross levels and on the operating level. I think we've covered that earlier. That's really our prime focus.
Operator: There are no further questions. Please continue.
Aart J. de Geus: Well at this point in time, I thank you very much for attending the meeting. Hopefully, you took away that not only did we have an excellent quarter, but we have a very strong outlook for the year, are focusing very much already on the further out future, and our sense is that our industry and our position is quite healthy. So in the context of many of the other moving parts in the world, hopefully, we are a beacon of stability and worthy of your interest. Thank you very much for your interest.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-02-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank -  Aart J. de Geus - Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian M. Beattie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Synopsys Earning Conference Call for the First Quarter Fiscal Year 2012. [Operator Instructions] Today's call will last one hour. 5 minutes prior to the end of the call, we will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Tricia. Good afternoon, everyone. With us on the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call will include commentary regarding our Q1 results and also the closing of the acquisition of Magma Design Automation, which we announced this morning.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results, and about the potential benefits of the combination. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our annual report on Form 10-Q for the year ended October 31, 2011, our earnings release for the first quarter of fiscal year 2012 and our press release announcing the closing of the Magma acquisition issued this morning.  All financial information to be discussed on this conference call, the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the current report on Form 8-K that we filed today, our first quarter earnings release and our financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart J. de Geus: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'm happy to report excellent Q1 results and raised guidance for FY 2012, as well as the closing of the acquisition of Magma Design Automation, announced this morning.  Let me begin with the summary of our results. Our business in Q1 was strong across the board. We met or beat every target we communicated last quarter, including revenue of $425.5 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.56. We are well on track to meeting our non-GAAP operating margin and cash flow targets for the year.  As a result, we're raising our outlook for the year, independent of the Magma acquisition, to a new earnings per share guidance range of $1.97 to $2.03. Brian will provide more financial detail in just a minute.  Regarding Magma Design Automation, we have much work to do as the acquisition literally closed a few hours ago. We're enthusiastic about the prospects for the joint company, as the merger will allow us to accelerate delivery of technology to customers at a time of very rapid system and silicon evolution.  As we work through the detailed planning and integration, our priorities are the following: first and foremost, maintain complete focus on the continued success of our joint customers and their in-progress designs; second, immediate consultation with our joint customers, as we evolve and/or revise our technology and product roadmaps. We plan to take the next 90 days for this effort, which we'll communicate further details.  And third, rationalize the 2 organizations. Our intent is to move quickly and diligently to optimally integrate the companies with the clear objectives of: one, customer success; two, technology acceleration; and three, continuity in delivering high-value solutions, while achieving economic efficiency.  Rajeev Madhavan, Magma CEO, will not join Synopsys, but has graciously agreed to be available to advise us as we transition the company. We thank him for his efforts to date towards making this merger a success.  Roy Jewell, Magma's President and COO, will work with Synopsys management team to ensure a successful integration. From a financial perspective and based on our initial view, we reiterate that we expect the acquisition to be modestly accretive to our 2012 non-GAAP earnings per share.  Due to antitrust-related restrictions in effect until this morning, we have only just begun the detailed planning and integration process, and we expect to provide specific guidance related to the impact of the Magma acquisition when we report Q2 earnings in May.  Moving to the overall market picture. Semiconductor and systems companies are very aggressively developing and producing advanced new products, particularly in the mobile, cloud infrastructure and 'Smart Everything' market segments. The great potential of these end markets has driven a renewed emphasis on technology, visible from the rapid adoption of the 28- and 20-nanometer silicon nodes, to the focus on new transistor structures such as FinFETs, all the way to system design with an increased focus on broad verification strategies and system prototyping.  The EDA industry is absolutely central to enabling this wave of end market opportunities, and the fact that these are technically challenging is precisely why our industry will do well. The high level of complexity and the need for our customers to differentiate themselves are driving tremendous demand for state-of-the-art technology, product and support. All of these are fundamental assets for Synopsys, and the timely addition of the Magma strength will only augment our solutions. Which brings me to the highlights for the quarter, starting with our core EDA and manufacturing offerings.  In Q1, we did very well and utilization of our complete implementation solution has continued to grow. While advanced customers are now moving their major production chips to the 28-nanometer node, much of our focus is already on helping them at 20-nanometer, where we track 30 active designs. More than 2/3 of these are being done with Synopsys tools.  In addition, we're already enabling a substantial number of sub 20-nanometer designs. Clearly, from a silicon point of view, Moore's Law is alive and well, even if success requires great focus and sophisticated collaborations. An example of such collaboration is GLOBALFOUNDRIES, who exclusively used our newest IC Compiler-Advanced Geometry solution for its first major 20-nanometer chip. IC Compiler not only addresses the complicated challenges of managing power, performance and capacity, it tackles all the leading-edge physical obstacles inherent in very advanced designs.  In the area of complex mixed-signal design, rapid turnaround between analog and digital is positively impacted by our recently announced integration of IC Compiler and Custom Designer. Evaluation requests are increasing, as designers see hard evidence of significant time-to-market and performance advantages. With the move to smaller geometries, the connection to manufacturing is even more critical, both for device design and yield optimization.  Our key cap solution is integral to both traditional advanced designs and the new 3D transistors, or FinFETs. While being used today by nearly every leading semiconductor manufacturer, we're also seeing a number of add-on deals and new logos.  Our yield optimization solution is also doing very well, particularly at 28-nanometer, as yield is now clearly affected by not only manufacturing or design, but most importantly by the interaction of the 2. This is an area where Synopsys is uniquely equipped to make a positive impact.  The other ramification of smaller devices, of course, is more devices, and with it the continued high pressure on verification. In this area, too, we not only continue to see great technical progress, but we also saw good business growth in 2012.  In verification, speed is essential, and our analog and digital solutions continue to lead. Our flagship VCS product is used for 70-plus percent of advanced designs, from processors to graphics to SSEs.  Another positive highlight is our IP business. The trend continues unabated to outsource IP, or chip building blocks, that are very sophisticated, but may be non-differentiating for our customers. Synopsys is the leading supplier of interface, memory and analog IP blocks. With around 1,300 engineers and more than a decade of investment, we have the resources and expertise to ensure that customers can rely on the highest levels of quality, reliability and support.  The quarter was strong across the board for IP. For example, USB interface sales were excellent, as the market migrates to USB3.0. We expect more than 1 billion chips containing USB3.0 to ship in the next 18 months, as the protocol supports the speed needed to tackle tasks such as downloading videos. Synopsys was the first IP vendor to demonstrate USB3.0 in 28-nanometer silicon and has been consistently at the forefront of technology development. This applies to a number of other protocols as well. We expect adoption of Synopsys IP to continue to be a significant driver of growth for us this year.  At the systems level, we're making excellent strides with both software- and hardware-based rapid prototyping as well. Driven by the increase in complex IP blocks, including on-chip processors and graphics and DSPs, the verification tasks, especially as they relate to hardware-software interaction, are becoming central to product success. In that regard, our newly integrated virtual prototyping solution, Virtualizer, is showing great promise, with adoptions by key customers during the quarter. This is particularly encouraging, as the prototyping of the hardware is used to accelerate the software development. Thus, forming the basis for a multidimensional growth business in the future.  On the FPGA-based side of prototyping, we saw excellent demand for our HAPS solution in Q1, as some keystone systems companies broadened the proliferation of our boards through their organizations.  In summary, we're off to a very strong start for the year. We delivered better-than-expected Q1 results and are raising guidance. The customer landscape remains solid and the demand and momentum around our technology is strong across the board. With the addition of the Magma technology and technologists, we are poised to move even faster on delivering best-in-class products. I'll now turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian M. Beattie: Well, thank you, Aart, and good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter, provide you with our guidance for Q2 and the full year and give you more detail on the Magma transaction. And as a reminder, I'll be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance, and we've provided reconciliations and explanations in the press release, 8-K and the financial supplement, which is posted on our website. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year, unless I specify otherwise.  Now Synopsys delivered a strong quarter, meeting or exceeding all of the quarterly financial targets that we provided in November. Q1 financial results were highlighted by strong business levels and double-digit growth in both revenue and non-GAAP earnings. Today, we are also raising our full-year outlook for revenue and non-GAAP earnings, excluding Magma.  Let me now provide some additional details on our financials, and as a reminder, Q1 of FY '12 included an extra fiscal week, affecting both revenue and expenses.  Total revenue was $425.5 million, an increase of 17% compared to a year ago and well above our target range. Even without the impact of the extra week of approximately $26 million, revenue growth was 10%.  We delivered growth across all of our product groups, with particular strength from our IP and systems products. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of first quarter revenue.  Greater than 90% of Q1 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog, while upfront revenue was 7% of total. This is well within our target range of less than 10% upfront. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was about 2.6 years, larger contracts averaged close to 3 years, while the duration of a number smaller contracts brought the average down slightly. We continue to expect average duration in fiscal '12 to be between 2.7 and 2.9 years.  Now turning to expenses. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $355 million, which included $17 million of amortization of intangible assets and $16 million of stock-based compensation. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $318 million, an expected year-over-year increase and well within our target range. This increase was mainly due to the extra week, approximately $16 million, and timing of quarterly expenses. Excluding the extra week, total non-GAAP costs and expenses would have declined sequentially. Non-GAAP operating margin was 25% for the quarter. For all of FY '12, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to increase over FY '11 levels. Turning now to earnings. GAAP earnings per share were $0.39. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased 27% to $0.56, exceeding our target range, driven primarily by stronger-than-expected top line growth and operational execution and, to a lesser extent, better-than-expected OI&E and a slightly lower-than-expected tax rate. We are raising our annual EPS guidance, reflecting our strong first quarter results and our confidence in business levels for the rest of the year, independent of Magma.  Our non-GAAP tax rate was 24% for the quarter. For modeling purposes, we think that a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 25% is a reasonable estimate for fiscal 2012.  Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items. Our balance sheet remains strong with $943 million in cash and short-term investments at the end of the quarter, which, of course, was prior to the Magma acquisition we closed earlier today. Of our total cash balance, 21% was onshore at the end of the quarter, and 79% was offshore.  As expected, there was a net operating cash outflow of $39 million in the quarter. This was due primarily to the timing of prior year annual incentive compensation payments.  Continuing on with our cash and balance sheet items. Capital expenditures were $11 million for the quarter. And for the year, we expect capital spending of approximately $50 million. During the quarter, we spent $40 million in cash, as part of a multi-quarter accelerated share repurchase strategy. We have approximately $272 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization.  Q1 fully diluted share count declined 6.5 million year-over-year to 147.1 million, as a result of our share repurchases. We also completed one small acquisition during the quarter.  Continuing on with balance sheet items. Q1 net accounts receivable totaled $214 million and DSO was 46 days, reflecting the high quality of our AR portfolio. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $723 million, and we ended Q1 with approximately 6,850 employees.  Before moving on to guidance, let me provide some additional commentary around our acquisition of Magma. As Aart highlighted, we're pleased to have closed the acquisition today. It was an all-cash deal, valued at approximately $523 million, net of cash acquired. The transaction will ultimately be financed with existing cash and up to $400 million of debt.  As Aart discussed, due to the anti-trust restrictions we have not had sufficient time to gather and analyze all of the relevant information we need to provide specific guidance beyond our organic numbers. Nevertheless, we remain confident that this combination can be modestly accretive to 2012 non-GAAP earnings per share. We will provide updated guidance when we report Q2 results in May, as we complete the detailed integration activities.  Now let's address our second quarter and fiscal 2012 guidance, which excludes the Magma acquisition and any other future M&A. Our GAAP targets also exclude any future acquisition-related expenses that may be incurred in Q2 and beyond. For the second quarter of FY '12, our targets are: revenue between $412 million and $420 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $332 million and $348 million, which includes approximately $15 million of stock-based compensation expense; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $303 million and $313 million; other income and expense between $0 and $2 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 25%; outstanding shares between 146 million and 150 million; GAAP earnings of $0.37 to $0.43 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.54 to $0.56 per share. We expect greater than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog. Now our fiscal 2012 outlook, again, excluding the Magma acquisition and any other future M&A. We're raising our revenue range with our new target between $1.655 billion and $1.675 billion, a growth rate of approximately 8% to 9%. Other income and expense between $0 and $4 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 25%; outstanding shares between 146 million and 150 million; GAAP earnings per share between $1.33 and $1.48, which includes the impact of approximately $62 million in stock-based compensation expense; non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.97 to $2.03. We've increased both the low and high end of our guidance range by $0.04. And we're targeting cash flow from operations of approximately $300 million.  So in summary, we're very pleased by our strong first quarter results, highlighted by top and bottom line growth and continued solid operating margins. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Congratulations on closing the acquisition so quickly. I was wondering if you'd be willing to say anything about how you're looking to integrate that, specifically with respect to expense levels. Presumably, I think you'd want to keep R&D pretty well intact based on your motivation for doing the deal, and perhaps the same holds true for a lot of the field sales support. And I would think maybe G&A is an area where you would be fairly aggressive. But any color at all on -- just thoughts around how you might be thinking of expense levels going forward for Magma?
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. Well, in many ways, you just gave exactly the right color in the first place which is, there's obviously some efficiency to be gained by virtue of dealing with the overlap of the companies. It is also very clear that top priority for us is going to be very much the customer. And there are really 2 aspects to that, which is making sure that they are well served today and that all of their existing projects are safe. And that, of course, touches, first and foremost, the field support, but also some of the R&D forces. And secondly, the long-term, being able to take the wealth of technology that is joining our force and evolving our mutual products, or combinations thereof, going forward. We will stand away a little bit from giving too much detail, at this point in time, for a couple of reasons: a, because we are still putting together the overall business picture, and b, because, obviously, our first priority is to interact with the employees, get to know the key people and as many as possible of the whole team and, then, make decisions that are wise and also where our own employees are informed first and foremost.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Aart, so it sounds like business in general was very healthy in the quarter and you did, sounds like, beat all of your metrics. I was just wondering how you were thinking about the bigger picture for EDA. You've talked in the recent past, I think about a low single-digit type of growth rate for core EDA. Is there anything you're seeing that might make you change that opinion to the upside?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, we ourselves are in the low -- actually, in the mid to mid-high right now for this year already. And I'm always a little bit careful before changing opinions too quickly on something that is, all in all, very, very stable and moves gradually. Having said that, though, I think we have told you now for a number of quarters that we see an intensifying of the pressure for our customers to really compete on the basis of very complex technologies. And this is complexity both towards smaller silicon and towards the systems area. And so I think their needs to count on EDA to make that actually possible is increasing very rapidly. Therefore, I'm not surprised that a number of the key EDA vendors are reporting good results. And I think that is very positive because it feels like there is a bit of strength in our industry at a time where we, of course, are strengthening our company even further.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And then, Brian, just to be clear, so your second quarter guidance does not include any contribution for Magma but, of course, will include some contribution. Do you plan to reconcile that when you report the second quarter so we can kind of understand the underlying business relative to the guidance you just gave?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, we said we would break out the guidance in our next earnings call, but it'll require 90 days or so, as you can imagine, of going through very detailed contract-by-contract analysis and getting the team ready to go and run with it. So that's effectively how we're looking at it. We'll give the guidance. It'll be included in our next guidance for the full year, as we wrap up Q2 and integrate all of the Magma elements around the revenue. The deferred revenue haircut that goes into the purchase accounting piece, the expense management and then some of the one-time costs associated with the deal structure will have to get brought in.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Understood. I was actually referring specifically to the actuals for Q2, not sort of forward-looking. But when you report Q2, will you provide us that sort of the breakout of Magma contribution in the quarter?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, Rich, we don't know yet what the details end up looking like. But again, as you get ramped up for this, we'll -- I believe we're going to break it out for you so can see what the impact is going to be.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just to follow-up on Magma first. So can you just walk us through, in terms of the timing of the close, why you didn't necessarily have the time to give a little bit of a better look, or a least give some rough ranges as to what it might contribute for the year?
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. Well, we do have rough ranges, otherwise we wouldn't be able to tell you that we expect it to be accretive in the first year. But realize that in account-competitive landscape, until you pass the hurdles of government approval, you can essentially not share any knowledge about anything that could impact the competitiveness of either of the entities. And so the closure with the government was just very, very recent. And so, we decided to move right ahead with the closure, and now we will go into much more detail in understanding their business model. Now, having said that, we're not seeing any surprises. As some of you have already recognized, their business model is quite different from ours. We have communicated to you for now quite a number of years that we're in the high or in the mid-90s percentage ratable, and their business is actually quite a bit different from that. Actually, if you look at their latest 10-Q, you'd see that about half of their business is upfront. And so we will need to work through a model shift to align that with our business practices. And these things are just complex to do and will require a detailed understanding of every contract. And these contracts are actually very complex, so that takes some time. But fundamentally, we don't expect any big surprises, we just understand that the details will come together as we work through all the details, literally.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But again, just to be absolutely clear, the next time that we should hear an update on guidance including Magma will not be until the second quarter earnings call?
Aart J. de Geus: That is exactly what we have just said, yes.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I just wanted to make sure. And then, Brian, when you report, is the intention -- I think we talked about this at the time of the question, but is it your intention to actually report revenue, adding back what you would have to write down for deferred revenue write-down?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, let me talk about that. The -- as we looked at the preliminary balance sheet coming over this morning from their very recently completed Q3 -- as you know, Magma would have announced tomorrow -- we have about $23 million of deferred revenue. And then, there will be approximately -- they way we've typically done it, and again, we've got to get into all the details about cost-to-implement and so on, but we'd anticipate about $18 million of that $23 million is a typical revenue haircut that will go out of the revenues over the next 12 months or so. So it's the first pass at what the impact we expect from that. So relative to how much we're going to see for the impact, I think it's about $18 million. As I look at, then, what the quarterly profile is, which we have get into and work that, it wouldn't be a big problem to say, it could have been -- it could have been higher if we identified what that would be. But it typically is a 12-month reduction in the revenues that are taken, but the specific quarter, it's, again, looking at when the anticipated revenue and delivery of the products were going to happen, and that will help give some visibility to the impact in the quarter.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Let me ask one more now and I'll get back in the queue. You can use up to $400 million of financing to finance the deal. What are your kind of factors in determining how much debt you're going to pull down to finance this? And when would you anticipate making that decision by?
Brian M. Beattie: We've made that already, Sterling. When we looked at -- again, looking at our cash balance, we have about $200 million in the U.S. A majority of this transaction will come out of U.S. cash. We have an upgraded credit agreement in place that we filed, up to $350 million. And one of the -- very light on covenants, but one of them is that we maintain $300 million in total for the company in cash, both onshore and offshore. So effectively, the way we see it, we'll use about $100 million of our U.S. cash to complete the transaction, which has already happened. And then the balance of, as I've said, about $400 million, is coming from the debt side of it in the U.S. And we're leaving a majority of all the cash offshore and not repatriating that. And so that debt is in place. We have both a term loan that's structured for $150 million, and then a regular line of credit, which we can pull down and put back up at any point in time. And that's the way we're going to be managing cash between now and the end of the year is just having the minimum amount of debt on hand to finance both our ongoing operations, to pay for the anticipated debt with the close, and that's already happened, and we'll just keep that balance on hand. But it will be about $400 million and then we'll be coming down.
Operator: And the next question, excuse me, is from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Thomas Yeh calling in for Krish Sankar. Looking at the broad-based strength in the first quarter, can you provide some additional commentary on what drove the strength in bookings during the quarter? Are you still seeing some customers coming back for early renewals mid-contract, like you did last year? And how should we think about how revenue flows through for the next few quarters?
Aart J. de Geus: Okay. Well, in general, what you're saying is correct. It is mostly customers that need more capabilities, more of our existing tools or that are growing more aggressively in reusing IP. And so, it is a little bit all over the map. But I wouldn't say that it's necessarily early renewal, it's more a broader renewal from the business that we've been doing. So it feels like strength across the board.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And your competitor highlighted 2 key displacements that they achieved in their digital business in 2011. I know there is historically some back and forth among competitors, but can you provide some details in relation to any shifts that you have seen at your top 10 semi customers? And any specific areas where you might be targeting share gains for the coming year?
Aart J. de Geus: To be honest, not really. I'm sure there are, at any point in time, many shifts one way or another throughout the customer base as people continually readjust what they use. I'm not aware that there would be any major dislocation or shift where we lose a massive market share or gaining massive market share. These things are relatively stable. I can only say that we did very well in the last quarter. And so from that perspective, I think it's more a picture of there may be individual skirmishes, but so far, we're growing just fine.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And finally, can you talk a little bit about how you see new technologies, specifically trigate devices and UV lithography. How could that impact the EDA industry in general and the timing around that?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, anything that touches the very small dimensions, first and foremost, has ramification to what we would call the manufacturing side of things. And so there lithography is certainly very pointed, so are the new transistor structures and so is, by the way, all the issues that touch the yield, which is now increasingly are due both by how design is done and how the manufacturing come together. Now some of these areas are very pointed, such as double or even triple patterning, very complex, but the good news is, our tools can support this in such a fashion that the design community does not need to know about those details, except a few specialists that tune the tools. And so we expect that, notwithstanding whatever transistors are used or whatever geometries are used, the design community will just continue to see this as an opportunity to get more transistors in lower power and in smaller area. And that is fundamentally the job of EDA, is to isolate the manufacturing from the design.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Tom Diffely with DA Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Aart, I had a couple just quick questions on the industry itself. When you look at the strength you see in core EDA, do you have a sense of what node is driving the majority of that business right now?
Aart J. de Geus: Absolutely. I can absolutely tell you that most of the heavy-duty production design is moving to 28-nanometer, that is where most of the spending is because those are the hard, difficult nodes, while being in production, right? So you have a combination of difficulty and volume. Now there is quite a bit of spending, as far as EDA is concerned, going into 20-nanometer, but that is really preparing the landscape for the next wave of designs. And then, really, the third bucket is all the people that design at older nodes which, by the way, does not necessarily mean that it's slouchy design, not at all. It's people that actually can squeeze an enormous amount of value out of something that's already more proven. And there, the tools are essential, but the tools also are very mature. And so we look at all 3 of these camps as being of high importance to us. But clearly, the leadership in most advanced nodes gives us the best position for the long-term future.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. So is it normal to see the most EDA business in the currently ramping node then, as opposed to the next-generation node?
Aart J. de Geus: I would say that the -- actually, I don't -- I can't say exactly where the economics come down. My guess would be that, if you look at the 3 buckets, it's sort of 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, would be a pretty good approximation.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay, great. And then when you look at the memory market, in the past they haven't been huge users of EDA on a relative basis. Are there any changes at the 2X or 1X node that might require them to use more EDA going forward?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, the memory market is highly specialized because, by definition, it's sort of, excuse me, on one hand, all about the transistor. How can you maximally optimize a single memory cell? But on the other hand, increasingly, memories are very sophisticated subsystems because they have to self-correct, as invariably some of the transistors don't work when you have a very large collection of them. So the ability to put the logic around that, to make that work, requires very, very high sophistication, in timing, for example. And so we have seen that in the last few years, the memory market, as a consumer of EDA, has gradually grown and we think that there's more opportunity there.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay, great. And then, looking at the IP market, what's your sense, when you look at your served market inside the IP market, with memory and interface, what percent of the market do you think that is? And how much -- what percent of the market are you and how much growth is left for you in that space?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, the reason this is actually, in practice, a pretty difficult question is because what we are absorbing is really a market that has been completely internal. And as much as people say they want to do reuse, the reality is, they tend to do not that much reuse for old stuff that was designed previously, partially because nobody has time to revisit these things, partially because, let sleeping dogs lie, so to speak. If it works, it's amortized and don't touch it. For all the new generations, though, I think that picture is very different. And it's different not only because, economically, it's a much better deal to reuse commercial IP, it's also different because some of these new cores are much more difficult to design. And now you have to make a decision, if you want to use your own top designers for something that's difficult, but not differentiated, or can you use them on something that will differentiate your product. And I think we are absolutely seeing that many of the design managers are very conscious of this choice. Having said that, I think we are still far below the 50% point of outsourcing of IP and we certainly see a number of years of excellent growth there.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then, Brian, when you look at the tax rate of going slightly down to 25%, is that just based on geographic mix? Or is something, kind of a long-term reason for that?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, it is the geo mix, the products. It's just effectively about a 1% drop from the range we had anticipated last quarter. So it's just fine tuning with some of the way the Q1 results have come through and then the geo mix of the products.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then, finally, for LAVA, at this point, there's no requirement for the report, their January quarter?
Brian M. Beattie: That's correct, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Aart, you and I have talked about systems companies beginning to do their own IC design. I mean, some are moving, perhaps. Cisco is a good example of somebody moving the opposite way. But I'm curious if your view is similar to that of your major competitor, which is that this is a net expansion of the market rather than system companies just beginning to do what their ASIC suppliers historically did. Is this a big, material trend for you? Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing?
Aart J. de Geus: I think it is an important trend, but not just as an expansion. It is also a trend that illustrates that the necessity of multiple companies to work well together to get an end result that works, is becoming more and more important. And let me give you a specific example that -- where we see literally systems companies working straight with foundries and design companies. It is all around the term, yield. For many, many years, yield was mostly the result of the manufacturing prowness (sic) [prowess] and cleanliness of the fab, et cetera. Well, the dimensions now are so small that the variability on physics and on small deviations in manufacturing rival the variability of timing on a chip. In other words, depending on how you design the chip, you will get different yield results on a given technology. Well this is a perfect example where technology and economics meet head on, because if one can understand that and bring these parties together, they have a chance of ramping up the yields much faster than if it's sort of throw it over the wall and hope that the other party will do the right thing. And this is, of course, particularly true, also another dimension around the systems guys, which have the challenge of not only delivering the hardware, but making sure that the hardware is ready at the same time as the software, or vice versa. And so, to me, these are all good examples of what I call systemic complexity, in contrast to scale complexity, which is just more transistors, call it Moore's Law. And systemic complexity demands for the different partners to understand enough of what the other parties are doing in order to be able to work well together. And that, in my opinion, is the key reason why a number of system companies that absolutely invested in having increasingly high competence teams within their own house.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So you -- just so I'm clear, you view that as, therefore, an expansion of the market, not just taking from one bucket and putting it to another, because it's an increased capability the systems guys need, regardless, even if they're engaged with third-parties to help do some of the ASIC-like work. Am I reading you correctly?
Aart J. de Geus: Absolutely. And actually, it helps EDA because the reality is, we have delivered, over many, many years, an incredible increase in technical capabilities. The very fact that it's now potentially spread among multiple users, increases our ability to get rewarded for that. And by the way, that also has the potential to increase the number of engineers that touch what we do. And I'm not even going too far here in the whole notion of the software engineers that, by definition, are quite a large number. As a matter of fact, in semiconductor companies, more than half of the engineers now are software engineers. And so I do think that it is an expansion of the space at the same time that you see an increase of the challenges of design. And it's in that context that adding the Magma team is yet another asset in technology moving us forward.
Brian M. Beattie: And just -- this is Brian. I just wanted to follow up on Tom's question, too, relative to the Magma revenues in the last quarter. As we said, it's not going to be reported based on the rules of the 10-Q filing requirements. So just let you know as well that as we looked at the results that are just coming in, that it looks very similar to the top line results that the company saw on the second quarter, which were released. So we just wanted to let that known. And EPS came in fairly close, a little bit light, just based on some of the one-time closing conditions and other expenses relative to the transaction that was in play. So again, we're watching the results closely and now it's into our books, as of today, moving forward. So again, no surprises, and it came through pretty straight.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Aart, I just wanted to follow up on an early question on multiple patterning and EUV. Just wanted to clarify, did you suggest that, as the customers decide on each layer whether to do multiple patterning on EUV, or they slowly introduce EUV, that your software is able to handle that irrespective of what the final decision is? Or other way, the software basically incorporates both solutions and the customer or designer does not have to worry about what's being used?
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, fundamentally I'm suggesting that, because the software that is relevant here is, of course, the place and route and the verification systems that make it possible for people to lay out chips without necessarily having to understand exactly how any form of multi-patterning occurs. Multi-patterning is very complex, from a computational point of view, and there's no way that humans could do this. And certainly not on the sizes of chips. Now EUV, I think, is going to take a little while before it really has a major impact in practice on many chips. And there we are really much more involved at the leading edge of R&D in terms of what is needed for the photolithography. But the people that should be concerned, or should not be concerned, are precisely the designers that use place and route systems where, today, we have double patterning, for example, in utilization. So none of these problems are easy but fundamentally they are solved.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then the other question on design starts on newer technology. I know that you have always tracked the design start different technology node. Going forward, are you seeing the design starts -- are you seeing a shift, from a historical perspective, that more design start is driven by mobile space relative what you saw in the historically?
Aart J. de Geus: Oh, no question whatsoever. I think, if you were to compare the leading edge design starts 10 years ago versus today, you'd see a world of difference because there would be such a large number of design starts coming from the mobile side of the world in sort of the most advanced node minus one. The processors will continue to drive the absolute state of the art technology because they're after raw speed and increasing the raw speed at low power. But the next nodes after that are nodes that invite a high degree of integration. And there, too, of course, speed and power trade off. But the main bulk of the companies that are going there are, today, the mobility companies. And as you know, of course, the world of computation and mobility continues to merge more and more, so I don't expect that to change all that much.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Aart, if I may, a couple of questions to start about what Magma projected for its results in the proxy filing back in December. I understand, of course, those were bare numbers, you're not beholden to them necessarily, but they had projected through their fiscal '17 some pretty considerable average growth rates, looking out to about 15%, 16% over a 5- or 6-year period for their revenues. In addition to which, they were projecting that their non-GAAP operating margins would be not dissimilar from yours, in the low- to mid-20s, even though their revenue base was quite a bit smaller. So the question is, do you think that, even with the considerable degree of overlap between your products and theirs, that those revenue projections, even if they included some market share gained by them, should, in the end, result in some net acceleration of your growth? That is to say, aside from inorganic effects, do you think that there's something in their portfolio that led them to those kinds of significant growth rates, or in their contracts, so those growth rates, that would have a net incremental effect on the combined growth rates?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, 2 comments. First, per your preamble, we do not feel beholden to their projections. We have to make our own. As mentioned earlier, our business model is different than what Magma had. And it's not for me to say which one is better, but we will continue on the business model we had. I highlighted earlier that the quarter they reported, half was upfront. The quarter that was just finished was below the expectations that certainly the market had set. Some of you had highlighted already earlier that the pressure on upfront deals was probably an indicator that it's -- that life was not quite so simple as it looked like. Be it as it may, that is not the key driver for us. The key driver for us is that, notwithstanding the economic challenges that always come with such a transition or with the company, there was also a lot of very good technology and great technologists. And as much as we will be very, very diligent in managing the transition both quickly and efficiently, our objective, clearly, is to precisely aim at the growth opportunities that come with acceleration of technology, with broadening of the need for customer support and the very things that we just discussed one or 2 questions ago, which is that there's an enormous, enormous need for what EDA has to offer today. And that is very encouraging. Meanwhile, of course, we have work through the ratable model changes. And what this also brings for us is going to be an increased broadening toward some analog capabilities. So there's a lot of really good things here, but we need work through the specifics of the numbers before we give you exact guidance.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Irrespective of the acquisition, there was a conversation before about the role of systems customers. And I'm wondering how, longer term, that might have affected your model, or is affecting your model anyway? I think it was at your analyst meeting that you spoke of your sales and support model having 3 to 4 engineering and field sales support people per sales rep, covering named accounts, for example. And I'm wondering, as the market expands, as you do more with systems-type customers and the foundries for that matter, how does that change that kind of field model and that going forward?
Aart J. de Geus: I don't think that it necessarily changes that model all that much. I think that we will continue to see a pressure and, therefore, potentially, opportunity in customers just wanting more and more and more support. And I think this is actually an opportunity for the EDA industry to gradually evolve a business model where the support does not just naturally come with the product, because that's economically not viable. And the reason for this desire to get more and more support is because our customers are very, very competitive with each other today. Many of the markets are very fast-moving. They tend to be a little bit more winner-takes-all. And technology is a differentiator. So I believe for the whole EDA industry, this is an opportunity to evolve the business model going forward and realize that we have a lot of value to add to this competitive landscape. Now how we get there? Just take one step at a time. But the opportunity space feels pretty good.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Figured I'd come back around and focus on the business rather than the acquisition. When you look at the contracts that you renewed, can you give us some qualitative color in terms of what you saw on the annual run rates on those renewals?
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, the run rates kept going up, so that is a good sign. We saw many -- we didn't have, I think, many very, very large renewals this quarter. That statement itself, incidentally, is not all that meaningful because these things happen whenever they happen. And so we keep moving the entire customer base gradually forward. And so the business was a lot of smaller transactions this quarter and actually quite typical over Q1.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then, Brian, you had talked about the timing on the expenses, given the 53-week year. Has any of that impacted on sales and marketing? It seems like you got a little bit more leverage there than what I've seen over the last couple of quarters. Was there any change in terms of timing on some advertising or marketing or any other type of items that may have benefited sales and marketing.in the quarter?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, not really. As we said, the expenses would have been lower from Q4 to Q1 if it wasn't for the additional week. And so they're very -- just very typical accruals that are tied to the expenses that we're incurring. And running in a very normal mix. All the expense levels are on track for the full-year budgets we've established. So again a good, I think, very good positioning and lower spending in the last quarter on a year-over-year basis.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And last question, Aart, you talked about large deals, kind of 3-year average duration and shorter, smaller deals with much shorter, so it's kind of hard to roll all that together, but I'm still going to ask anyway. Your 2.6-year average contract duration, we've seen that number across industry shorten up a pretty consistently over the last 18 months. Do you think we're getting to the point of stabilization? Or do you think that can go much further on the shortening side? I understand what you've already implied in your guidance, but just from a high-level, how do you think about what customers are telling you around how long they're willing to commit to these contracts?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I wouldn't overread sort of a 0.1 change here. Our own expectation right now is still that we will do overall year between 2.7 and 2.9 years. In general, I would agree with you that, if you look at it 2 years ago, it's down a little bit. I think that is probably more a reflection of the last 2 years having been economically up-and-down and up-and-down. Greece has sort of become the symbol for economic uncertainty. But I wouldn't read too much into that beyond that. We certainly, in our shop, are not doing super-long contracts. So there's not much of 5 or 7 years. Actually, I don't think there's any. And so in that sense, I think we're sort of at the balancing point. It may go down a little bit, may go up a little bit. I'm sensing I'm meandering because I don't actually have any more value to add to this question.
Brian M. Beattie: Sterling, in last year the average -- in FY '11, the average was 2.7 years. And so this year with 2.7, a 2.9, with a 2.6 Q1, is still where we think average comes out. Again, all down to the specifics of which contracts and the duration by customer.
Operator: And at this time, I am showing we have about 5 minutes left of the allotted time. And we have a question from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Brian, I was just wondering if you'd be willing to give the ratable verse upfront split in Magma's just completed quarter?
Brian M. Beattie: Rich, honestly, I don't have that right in front of me. We just got the P&L's in the last day or so. So I've got the full financial's balance sheet, but we still have to do the analytics on that profile.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, in that case, let me wrap it up. Thank you very much for the time you spent with us. I think that we had not only a very strong quarter, but a very good outlook for the rest of the year. That is, of course, amended by the fact that the Magma team will now be joining us. We have a lot of work to do there, but we sense that this is actually a great addition, at exactly the right time in our markets. And we will do our best to turn this also into a strong shareholder value-creation opportunity. Thank you very much for your attention today.
Operator: Okay. Ladies and gentleman, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-11-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank -  Aart J. de Geus - Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian Beattie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Paul B. Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earning Conference Call for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2011. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Nick. Good afternoon, everyone. With us on the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call will include commentary regarding our Q4 and fiscal 2011 results and also the definitive agreement to acquire Magma Design Automation, both of which we announced this afternoon. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results, our expectations about the timing and likelihood of closing the acquisition and about the potential benefits of the culmination. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect.  In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2011, our earnings release for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011 and our press release announcing the definitive agreement to acquire Magma issued this afternoon.  All financial information to be discussed on this conference call, the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the current report on Form 8-K that we filed today, our fourth quarter earnings release and our financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. In addition, the information we discuss on this conference call related to our intent to acquire Magma is for informational purposes only. This information is not an offer to buy or the solicitation of an offer to sell any securities. Magma intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission preliminary and definitive proxy statements and other relevant materials in connection with the proposed transaction. Before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the acquisition, investors are urged to read Magma's proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available because they will contain important information about the transaction. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart J. de Geus: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'm happy to report first on our excellent Q4 and fiscal 2011 results and our raised guidance for FY 2012 and second on the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire Magma Design Automation, which we announced this afternoon. Let me begin with our results. Our business in Q4 was strong, closing an outstanding overall fiscal '11 and most importantly yielding an excellent position heading into FY '12. Specifically, in Q4, we delivered revenue of $391 million resulting in $1.536 billion for the fiscal year. This is 11% growth over FY '10. With non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.45 in Q4, we delivered $1.80 for the year, above the target range we communicated at the beginning of fiscal '11 and 13% growth over fiscal '10. In the process, we managed to a solid non-GAAP operating margin of 22.3% for the year while generating $440 million in operating cash flow. Our 3-year backlog grew to $2.5 billion and we have more than 80% of next year's plan revenue scheduled from current backlog.  In summary, a strong year with double-digit growth in both top and bottom line. Looking forward to fiscal year 2012, we are raising our outlook. While we're conscious of the continued economic uncertainty, our good momentum and backlog support an objective of double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth. We plan to achieve this goal on the basis of solid top line growth and improvement of our operating margin. Brian will give you more detail in just a minute.  Before moving to the business highlights, let me address today's announcement that we have signed a definitive agreement to acquire Magma Design Automation. This acquisition is motivated by our customers' need for further technology exploration and productivity. Indeed, today's chip designs requires customers to either deal with the very complex physics of advanced 28-, 20- or even 40-nanometer silicon or squeeze the last bit of performance, power and cost from designs at more mature nodes. Either way, the R&D and support demands to keep the state-of-the-art moving necessitate more invention and more investments. Bringing together the complementary technologies of Synopsys and Magma, as well as our R&D and support capabilities, will help us deliver advanced tools earlier, thus, directly impacting our customers demand for increased design productivity. As you can understand, although we wanted to share our enthusiasm about this combination, we have limited ability to comment about our specific plan until the transaction is closed. Brian Beattie will address some of the financial terms in just a moment. Looking at our business overall, we see our customers continue to drive design aggressively. Even in the context of the unsettled economy, we expect electronics to do relatively well as the main markets of mobile, cloud and smart everything remain quite vibrant. While the rate of growth in semiconductor revenue did slow in 2011, a good number of successful companies beat expectations and provided positive outlooks. Customers have shown that they will prioritize the next mobile connected device over almost any other discretionary purchase. At the same time, these devices push the limits of performance and power efficiency, demanding state-of-the-art EDA and IP solutions. Among our customers, the raise for differentiation is very much on which explains the rapid adoption of advanced design nodes such as 28- and 20-nanometer. In addition, development of FinFETs or vertical transistors will bring further density and power consumption improvements as well as additional requirements for leading-edge EDA solutions. In this context, EDA and third-party IP are crucial, and Synopsys is positioned well as the technology leader offering comprehensive and best-in-class solutions from system design to chip to manufacturing. Let me provide some highlights beginning with core EDA. Today, Synopsys enables the most advanced production designs in the world. For example, major customers, such as STMicroelectronics and Samsung, have already taped out their first 20-nanometer test chips share with our Galaxy Implementation flow. In Q4, we announced yet another major technology advance, the integration of our cornerstone IC Compiler solution with Custom Designer. Even though the product was just introduced, STMicroelectronics has already reported that it reduced its final layout preparation time by 25% compared to its previous flow. While the move to still smaller geometries -- with the move, sorry, to still smaller geometries, the bridge to manufacturing is increasingly critical to achieve acceptable yields in chip production. With our Yield Explorer tool, designers are now able to identify and correct areas in their design, which affects manufacturability. This can directly impact our customers' profitability. In Q4, another highly influential top 10 fabless company chose our solution. Synopsys is also the technology leader in FinFET support with tools throughout the flow. Our popular TCAD solution is where 3D transistor design begins. It simulates transistors at the near molecular level and is being used today by nearly every leading semiconductor manufacturer as well as many fab-light companies. The move to small geometries brings more high-value chip functionality, but the huge number of transistors on the chip also requires a tremendous amount of verification. In our own simulation, we're seeing good momentum as speed and ease-of-use enhancements are enabling us to win important benchmarks in business. LG Electronics, for example, selected Synopsys after we delivered a 10x acceleration over previous solutions. In digital, customers continue to depend on our flagship VCS product for their most advanced designs. VCS had a solid year and is poised well for FY '12, especially in all the advanced nodes and for complex chips, such as CPUs, graphics course and sophisticated networking chips. Our new optical products did very well in 2011 and we expect continued growth in '12. While a small part of our overall business, its performance illustrate the importance of simulation even beyond the electronic space. Now turning to IP and systems, which performed very well in 2011 and contributed 23% of total revenue. At the systems level, we successfully integrated a broad set of virtual platform technologies and acquisitions into a single offering, Virtualizer. Software development has become a large part of most chip design projects, and virtual platforms are of high value because they accelerate delivery of software by 6 to 9 months.  Another tool aimed at speeding software development and system validation is FPGA-based prototyping. Our hub solution have successfully demonstrated its effectiveness and demand has been very good. The other great source of productivity for our customers is Synopsys IP. As the complexity of IP blocks grows and external economic pressures continue, customers are increasingly reevaluating make versus buy decisions with more and more IP being outsourced. We estimate that well under half of IP is outsourced thus far, creating a substantial opportunity for Synopsys. During the year, we announced more than 40 design wins across more than 30 customers for our USB3.0 products. We had our largest year ever in PCI Express controllers, DDR and HDMI. And for the second year in a row, we received TSMC's Interface IP Partner of the Year Award. In FY '11, we delivered excellent revenue growth and improved profitability. Looking forward, we anticipate continued growth in this area as we further broaden our IP portfolio and as customers are already ordering IP for the more advanced nodes. In conclusion, we finished fiscal '11 strongly in terms of top line, bottom line, backlog, technology and customer relationships. Our predictable business model provides stability and supports continued investment even in the face of the stormy economic situation. We are confident in our ability to deliver healthy results for the fiscal year in our setting an objective for double-digit, non-GAAP EPS growth for FY '12. Let me now turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian Beattie: Well, thanks, Aart, and good afternoon. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and fiscal year, provide you with our 2012 guidance for Q1 and the full year and provide some financial details of the Magma transaction. As a reminder, I'll be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance, and we provided reconciliations and explanations in the press release, 8-K and financial supplement posted on our website. In my discussions, all my comparisons will be year-over-year, unless I specify otherwise. Now as Aart mentioned, Synopsys delivered a very solid fourth quarter wrapping up an outstanding year. FY '11 financial results were highlighted by strong business levels, double-digit growth in both revenue and non-GAAP earnings and considerable free cash flow generation. Let me now provide some additional detail on our financials. Q4 total revenue increased 4% to $391 million and annual revenue grew 11% to $1.536 billion. Our IP and systems products continued their momentum and achieved double-digit revenue growth in Q4 and the year. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of Q4 and fiscal year revenue. Greater than 90% of Q4 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog, while upfront revenue was 5% of the total for Q4 and 6% for all of FY '11. This is well within our target range of less than 10% upfront. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter and for the fiscal year was about 2.7 years. We currently expect average duration in fiscal 2012 to be between 2.7 and 2.9 years as we're seeing some customers refining their contract durations to match their particular design cycles. Three-year backlog increased to $2.5 billion from $2.4 billion with a book-to-bill slightly greater than one. And finally, we have greater than 80% of our target fiscal 2012 revenue in hand for the coming year and more than 90% for the coming quarter. Turning to expenses. Q4 total GAAP cost and expenses were $334 million, which included $17 million of amortization of intangible assets and $15 million of stock-based compensation. For the year, total GAAP costs and expenses were $1.323 billion, which included $69 million of amortization of intangible assets and $56 million of stock-based compensation.  Q4 total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $305 million, well within our target range. For the full year, total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $1.193 billion, an expected increase due mainly to our acquisitions along with some year-over-year cost pressures, such as employee compensation and a variable compensation impact that resulted from strong orders and other key financial metrics. Non-GAAP operating margin was 22% for the quarter and 22.3% for the full year. For all of FY '12, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to increase over FY '11 levels. Turning now to earnings. GAAP earnings per share were $0.27 for the quarter and $1.47 for the year compared to $1.56 for all of 2010. Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share increased 15% to $0.45, and full year non-GAAP earnings grew 13% to $1.80. FY '11 growth was driven primarily by top line growth and a lower effective tax rate and, to a lesser extent, reduced share count. Q4 non-GAAP tax rate was 24% within our guidance range. For the full year, our tax rate declined to 22% due primarily to the reenactment of the federal R&D tax credit for fiscal years 2010 and 2011, which resulted in a certain onetime tax benefit in fiscal 2011. For modeling purposes, we think that a non-GAAP tax rate between 25% and 26% is a reasonable estimate for fiscal 2012. Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items. Our balance sheet remains strong with $1 billion in cash and short-term investments. Of our total cash balance, 23% is onshore and 77% is offshore. Of course, our U.S. balance reflects our share repurchase program and 2 small acquisitions during the year, both funded with U.S. cash. We generated $73 million in cash from operations in Q4 and $440 million for all of fiscal 2011. At this time, we're targeting operating cash flow of approximately $300 million in FY '12. As we reiterated at our New York Investor Meeting last quarter, operating cash flows tend to be lumpy from year-to-year, which is why we believe it's important to focus on multiyear averages. For the 3-year period ended in FY '11, annual operating cash flow was on average, about $340 million. We expect our operating cash flow quarterly profile to be similar to last year with a net operating cash outflow during the first quarter of fiscal 2012 due primarily to the timing of our prior year annual incentive compensation payments. Now continuing on with our cash and balance sheet items, capital expenditures were $15 million for the quarter and $57 million for the year. Our fiscal 2012, we see capital spending coming in approximately $50 million. During the quarter, we purchased 1 million shares of Synopsys' stock in the open market for $25 million and also entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement or ASR for $75 million. Under this agreement, we received 1.7 million shares in Q4 and expect to receive the balance of approximately 1.1 million shares in Q1 when the ASR is completed. For all of fiscal 2011, we were aggressive with our balance sheet and spent $435 million repurchasing 15.1 million shares, buying back 4x as many shares as we granted during the year. We have approximately $313 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. Now in factoring in cash generated from options exercised during the year, we spent a net $299 million on repurchases. FY '11 fully diluted share count declined 1.5 million to 150 million shares. And more importantly, Q4 share count declined 5.6 million year-over-year to 146.4 million as a result of our share repurchases. Continuing on with the balance sheet items. Q4 net accounts receivable totaled $203 million and DSO is 45 days, reflecting the high quality of our AR portfolio. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $760 million and we ended Q4 with approximately 6,800 employees. Now while we selectively grown our headcount primarily through acquisitions, we continue to have about 1/3 of our total employees in the lower-cost geographies. We also renewed our credit facility in Q4 for $350 million. This revolver, which may be increased by an additional $150 million, provides excellent flexibility in supporting our business operations. Now some of the financial details of the Magma transaction. The value of the transaction is approximately $507 million. Net of cash and debt acquired were $7.35 per Magma share, which we intend to fund using a combination of U.S. cash and debt, the specifics of which will be determined as we approach the close. Subject to Hart-Scott-Rodino regulatory review and other customary closing conditions, including Magma's shareholder approval, we expect the transaction to close in the second calendar quarter of 2012. Given the timing of the anticipated close, we expect the combination to be modestly accretive to 2012 non-GAAP earnings per share. We will update 2012 guidance at the time of close. Now let's address our first quarter and fiscal 2012 guidance, which excludes Magma and any future M&A. Our GAAP targets also exclude any future acquisition-related expenses, which may be incurred in Q1 and beyond. So similar to what we saw in fiscal 2007, we have an extra week in fiscal 2012 that occurs in the first quarter. For the first quarter of FY '12, our targets are revenue between $412 million and $420 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $340 million and $357 million, which includes approximately $16 million of stock-based compensation expense; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $310 million and $320 million; other income expense between 0 and $2 million; a non-GAAP tax rate between 24% and 25%; outstanding shares between 145 million and 149 million; GAAP earnings of $0.33 to $0.38 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $0.51 to $0.53 per share. And we expect greater than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog.  Now our fiscal 2012 outlook. Based on what we know now, we expect revenue between $1.64 billion and $1.665 billion, a growth rate of approximately 7% to 8%; other income and expense between 0 and $4 million; a non-GAAP tax rate between 25% and 26%; outstanding shares between 145 million and 149 million; GAAP earnings per share between $1.28 and $1.44, which includes the impact of approximately $61 million in stock-based compensation expense; non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.93 to $1.99; and cash flow from operations of approximately $300 million. Now finally to help you with your modeling, let me provide some brief commentary on our 2012 quarterly revenue and expense profile. At this time, revenue in the first half is expected to be higher than the second half, reflecting the extra week in Q1, which contributes about $25 million to revenues. We expect Q2 revenue to be similar to Q1, reflecting timing of certain deals, deliverables and consulting milestones, and the second half revenue to be evenly distributed between Q3 and Q4. At this time, we expect Q1 expenses to be higher than what's typical of our business due to the extra week, a sequential decrease in Q2 and Q3, which is moderately below our traditional higher Q4. As a result, we expect Q2 to be the highest quarter for non-GAAP earnings per share with Q3 and Q4 roughly equal, again, due to the timing of revenues. So in summary, we're very pleased with our exceptional fourth quarter and fiscal 2011 results, highlighted by top and bottom line growth, and strong cash flow generation. We look forward to another year of solid business execution. And with that, I'll turn it over to Lisa for a word before we open it up for questions.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Brian. We know there will be a lot of questions today. So to help us accommodate everyone, we'd like to ask a favor and request that you try to focus on one or 2 questions at first, and then we'll of course come back around after we give everyone a chance to ask additional questions. Thank you very much, and I'd like to turn it over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I guess to start with -- off on the acquisition, Aart, with all due respect in your comments, you suggested that Magma's complementary to you, guys. But it -- most people would suggest, I think, that they have quite a bit of overlap with your core businesses. So just wondering how you think about how much overlap there is there. How much do you see is not overlapping? And how do you sort of deal with that potentially from a regulatory perspective?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, as you know, EDA is a very competitive field with constant innovation and many tools with many different capabilities and often catering to different subsegments of the market. Simultaneously, as I highlighted in my preamble, what we're seeing right now, and when I mean right now, I'm really meaning the last 18 months or so, is just a tremendous acceleration of technology demand. And I think it's partially due to the fact that there is so much opportunity in some of the mobile devices that demand really state-of-the-art technology, that the advances needed suggest keep up with what the customers need will require substantial R&D investment and also substantial technical support. And so it's in that context that there's no question that we will be able to jointly much better support the customer. As a matter of fact, we have already gotten a wave of very positive feedback from the customers that we've spoken to.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And I mean, just a follow-up on that, have you done any sort of preliminary -- any trust analysis? Do you have any feel for how this might be viewed? Obviously, Magma much smaller in scale than the other 3 big players, which I think would be something in your favor but still a lot of overlap. Do you have any initial feel for that? Anything you can share with us?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, of course, I cannot go into any of the details, but we understand perfectly the process of going through the governmental steps. And of course, we do our homework beforehand very carefully. But in that context, we will engage with the government on these issues as we have done in the past and our confidence in the outcome.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And just one quick one, if I could, for Brian. When you talk about being somewhat accretive or modestly accretive in the fiscal '12, does that include the expected loss of deferred revenue from Magma?
Brian Beattie: It does, Rich. Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Aart, if I could follow up on Rich's line of questioning just a bit. And congratulations, I actually think it's quite a good deal. Is your plan -- to the extent that you can discuss it at all, is your plan to keep 2 platforms in digital sort of your Galaxy platform entails where there is overlap? Or would you anticipate over sometime taking sort of the best of both worlds and creating a new sort of optimized level for some of the leading-edge customers that you've talked about?
Aart J. de Geus: Good question. And I'm sure you understand, we cannot comment about specific plans partially because these plans can only be finalized and developed once we have closed the deal. But there are 2 fundamental principles that we follow. And the first principle is a very, very important one, which is do not disrupt the customer. In both our values and maybe our business thinking, it is very clear. Customers absolutely rely on us for chips that are vital to their success, and we will continue to support them being successful through all of those chips. Simultaneously, in the long-term, we -- actually, in the short-term, we also follow the principle of understanding where the most rapid developments in technology are needed. And as mentioned earlier, the race is very much on in technology. And so long term, we will obviously deliver more precise road maps once this is closed. But long term, we absolutely have to lead the state-of-the-art. This is important for not just the EDA industry. It is important for the semiconductor industry. And there are a lot of opportunities there. So we have a lot of work ahead of us here.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes. I mean, given that both these flows are somewhat integrated, you mentioned a lot of work, how long do you think it takes to resolve these kinds of issues in the customer base notwithstanding your commentary on that one to disrupt them? Is this something that you would anticipate in this domain? It takes, I don't know, 1 year 18 months? Or is this something that even takes longer? And then I'm just curious as it relates to the attractiveness of Magma. They have had some success certainly in Fine [ph], Sam [ph] and some of the other simulation products they have. Was there -- aside from the obvious advantages of taking some of the tele stuff and some of those customers under your wing, was there something particular in the products that was or has become more attractive to you and the -- recently that help drive your decision to do this now?
Aart J. de Geus: So obviously, I cannot comment about specific products at this point in time. But what is clear, and I want to emphasize that. When you say how long will it take for customers to know, they should know immediately. We will support them. It's that simple. We care first and foremost about their success with whichever tools they use, and we will continue to do that as much as we possibly can until they tape out successfully and probably long beyond that. At the same time, road maps are actually almost a misnomer because the road keeps changing very rapidly in our field. And so I think we have an opportunity here to think through what are the things that in the long term will have the biggest impact on our customers. And we have such a large number of requests and demands from the customers right now that I'm not worried at all that we will not be able to really make a difference for the customers soon after we close the transaction.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Right. And just a quick one for Brian. Brian, in your accretion commentary, are you assuming some meaningful cost reductions out of the combination? You've mentioned to Rich that deferred was accommodated in that commentary? Are you -- do you have a number in terms of the channel cost or anything else to come out that you're assuming?
Brian Beattie: Well, I think these are all that the forms of the details are going to be worked out as we work through the regulatory approvals over the next little while. But certainly, as we look at the company, I think there are certain levels of synergies you might expect to come through. So as we see that plus the revenue, some -- we see the deal is modestly accretive in FY '12, assuming that it can close in the second quarter -- calendar quarter of next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I want to keep beating a dead horse here. In terms of the regulatory environment that we're in, the deal is like you've got #1 buying #4. We see this in a much larger case that's out there. When I look specifically at SPICE simulators and even the strong combined market share on digital place-and-route, what is it that gave you the confidence that you felt that you can move forward and get a transaction like this stuff?
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, you're beating indeed a dead horse. We won't go much deeper in this area, but we did very good due diligence on these areas. We have seen that it's an extremely competitive landscape with actually many more players than what you're mentioning. And so our sense right now is that we're on a good track, but we will follow the rules and work with the HSR authorities to make this the right thing.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So LAVA moved over to subscription basically about the same time they cadenced it. So thinking about how the combined financials will look, Brian, are you anticipating of having like a non-GAAP revenue where you're actually going to add back the deferred revenue that's written down and that's part of the accretion that we're talking about?
Brian Beattie: No, Sterling, we typically don't do that. In the case, if you look at Magma's financials, there was just approximately $20 million of deferred revenue backlog. So relative to the entire size of the company, it's not that significant. So again, people know what the amount is. We typically do not adjust for that. I think the results will be pretty visible as we complete the transaction. And we'll build that into the guidance as the deal closes, and we'll update our outlook for 2012 at that point.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right, great. And last question just on the core business, you're finishing up a strong year, you ended the shortened contract durations, you made some commentary there. Just as you look at the macro environment and some of the comments coming out of semis, do you think that the contract durations that you've included are short enough? Could we actually go to an even shorter level as we move into 2012? Or does it just not make economic sense then to go much shorter?
Aart J. de Geus: Actually, I'm in the second camp. I don't think that it's going to be much shorter. It's possible that people want to go a little bit shorter if they feel a high degree of uncertainty of the overall markets around us. And you know more about it than I do, but we all observe the -- our screens being red one day and green the next based on the effects that have really nothing to do with the semiconductor industry. But obviously, there's a certain degree of nervousness overall. Having said that, it is precisely the mall that we have and the really strong backlog and, relatively speaking, very long commitments that we have that gives us the ability to weather any storm very well. And it is particularly positive to be able to move forward on this transaction at the time where our own results for the year were good, our outlook is very solid. And as you have heard, we have a very large portion of our FY '12 business already scheduled in hand. And so in that sense, no matter what, I think there are few companies that have the degree of stability and solidity that we have in light of the degree of uncertainness and question marks around it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Thomas with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Paul B. Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess if you look at the guidance, the full year guidance for Synopsys standalone, you're in the 7% to 8% range. And if we take out the extra week, you'd be a little bit below that. And if, Aart, we look back to your previous commentary about what you'd expect from a normal year for core and system IP growth, it seems like you might be in line with that to a little bit less than that. And so I just wanted to get your sense of do you think that this year is starting out as a little bit below what you might expect for a normal year? Or are you just being conservative at this point?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think we may have the reputation that we're conservative and we tend to deliver well on commitments, let's say. But at the same time, no, my sense is not that we're starting off particularly weak. On the contrary, I think that as a company, we feel that we have good momentum. But not to -- to beat another dead horse, which is the economy around us, there's clearly a certain degree of uncertainty about what may happen. And not that that necessarily changes the actual outcome on markets, but it does change a little bit the caution that customers will display. And so in that context, we actually feel that we're doing quite well. Now maybe digging -- slightly deepening your question in a different angle, which is we've said before that the growth in core EDA is less high than some of the new areas that we're growing in. And so for example, if you look at the IP area, we are clearly doing very well there. And some years, we'll see a little bit more core EDA then expect that some years we'll see a little more IP than expected. But in aggregate, we felt comfortable enough that without any M&A, we are right now setting an objective of double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth. And that is definitely more aggressive than what we did last year even if we delivered more than what we have promised.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just one question on LAVA, is there a breakup fee in no shop or go shop provision at all?
Brian Beattie: Yes, there is some. Included in the definitive agreement, which we signed this afternoon, is a standard breakup fee of 3.25%. That's about $17 million the value. There's also a reverse breakup fee of $30 million that we would pay Magma. So it works on both sides of the agreement, and you'll see all the details in the definitive agreement.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay, and who are the advisors on this one?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, on our side, we did not use excellent advisors. We had, of course, a number of legal counsels, specifically Dewey & LeBoeuf. On the Magma side, you can ask them, but they use Catalyst.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then, Aart, has something happened with the business as far as normal seasonality? I mean, usually your fourth quarters are quite strong. And it seems like the last couple of years, it's become a lot more evenly split through the year.
Aart J. de Geus: Oh yes, and there's a good reason for that is because these are the benefits of much more ratable businesses. Yes, you have the very natural and good objective setting and human behavior that, at the end of the year, you really want to close all the deals that you've been working on. And so, therefore, there are tends to be always somewhat of a push in any business, ratable or not, in that context. But from a utilization of tools and from a revenue recognition point of view, the 2 things reflect each other now very well. And so in that sense, this is the part of the positive outcome of having moved to a much more ratable business model. Now there's a small percentage of this that is not completely ratable because it tends to be attached to either specific milestones or IP delivery. And with IP growing, you will see a slight increase there. At the same time, though, there's a certain base of IP business that keeps happening every quarter. So even there, you don't see all that much fluctuation. And given that people really buy IP when they need it, meaning when they have projects, there's not like over purchasing massively occurring there. And so it's, in that sense, also a fairly predictable revenue stream. So I think we have a very balanced model that is well-suited for multi-year technical and support investments, which is what our customers care about.
Brian Beattie: And maybe I'll just add, with the transparency, of course, and that we have the visibility using $2.5 billion of backlog that we profile out over the next 3 years, we have that greater than 80% of the full year already booked. And that profile, as you know, we split that by customer, we split the cash flows by customer, by quarter. So we can really get an excellent level of visibility, and that's what you see relative to the quarterly profiles. We just wanted to give you all of the transparencies on the quarter 1, quarter 2 shifts, quarter 3 and 4 for the year. So no surprises during the year and we're committed to delivering on that.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then, Brian, for I didn't hear, did you mention anything about the go shop provision?
Brian Beattie: No, I did not. No.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: So that's in there right now?
Brian Beattie: No.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then I was curious, with your book-to-bill being around 1 for the year, did the acquisitions impacted any of the direction?
Aart J. de Geus: For -- are you talking about the past year?
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Yes, for 2011.
Aart J. de Geus: No, of course, because we have done many acquisitions over the years. They layer in overtime. Once a company gets acquired, of course, gradually, actually reasonably fast, the revenue becomes indistinguishable of the other revenue. And so if some of you had the opportunity to attend our investor presentation in New York a couple of months ago, I tried to explain that the way we grow is really through a combination of investing in new technology ourselves as well as acquiring technology. And so all of these things are part of a business model that has been honed over many years and is working well for us.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. I was kind of curious that the book-to-bill have been close to one even without acquisitions.
Brian Beattie: Yes, it's really not a big factor at all at least. If you looked at the acquisitions, the largest we did in the fourth quarter of last year of 2010, I should say. And the impact relative to bookings level is new deals get booked as they were. The backlog comes over as it were. And then the revenue, as you know, gets a bit of a revenue haircut due to some of the deferred revenues that were on the balance sheet. And then that folds in over the year. So again, just relative to our total business, it's really an insignificant impact on the book-to-bill.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then finally, when you look at the $300 million projected for cash flow next year, what is the projected kind of onshore, offshore mix of that?
Brian Beattie: Well, we have our certain balance right now of 23%, 77% of our billion dollars in cash. As we go forward on operating cash flow, it's split about 50/50 of onshore and offshore cash.
Operator: Our next question is from Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Again, congratulations on the acquisition. Assuming that most of this, the revenue from Magma side, will come from place-and-route, can you, Aart, can you refresh us on the market place-and-route mark in terms of what are the market shares and what are the features of different products? And how will the -- will combining your product with Magma, does that give you a pricing advantage but less number of players in the market?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, the place-and-route market is extremely competitive with many players. And moreover, most of the players have multiple place-and-route systems. Yes, we, ourselves, have, I think, 4 routers or something like that. And so all of these things tend to end up being quickly specialized in multiple dimensions, be it detailed route, be it block route, be it talk to your routing or a top level routing. And then even there, there are specializations for different end markets. And so there's really a plethora of technology. And the very fact that customers have time -- have a hard time in knowing what are the strengths and weaknesses of each of the customers makes it impossible for me to go into detail here. But suffice to say, this is an area that sees continual evolution and innovation and new entrants and quite a large numbers of players. And I think our challenge is going to be to just to live up to the expectations of the customers that we have, and we have done well and it's never been an easy journey.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But does having a bigger pipe -- bigger pie, does that help you in terms of pricing going forward?
Aart J. de Geus: No, I don't think so. The -- fundamentally, this is extremely competitive market. I know that many of you have asked pricing questions for many years. The reality is that most of the pricing question is actually answered in a very different area, which is the content, meaning that the rate of change of what customers get for the same dollar is astronomically high, meaning we deliver really a large number -- a large amount of value and continually changing value. Now at times, we try to explain that to the customer and they say, "Yes, well, and so do we." Meaning that they, too, for the same size chips get about the same amount of money while delivering dramatically new capabilities. That's the nature of high tech. And so I think that none of these things are won or lost on pricing. They weren't on lost on the basis of driving technology forward and being really there for the customer when they need you in support. And that is really what we're focusing on in how we build Synopsys.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And one last question, Brian. How should we think about in terms of your cash requirement to -- I mean, right now you have just, what, $230 million onshore. How much do you need to run the business? I would think that the remaining you'll have to issue a debt, is that a right way to think about?
Brian Beattie: Well, what we covered today as well is the renewal of our line of credit facility with very attractive rates, just renewing what we had in place earlier, and that's up to $350 million. So as we look forward, we'll have more details of this as we complete all of the acquisition-related activities over the next 6 months. It's also, of course, a period where we will generate additional cash for the business. And at that point, we'll be determining to what extent do we use a relatively low cost line of credit plus our U.S. cash we've got available. And as many transaction you have on a global basis, you do sometimes have to put your IP into some of the other jurisdictions. And that also requires, in some ways, some of the offshore cash. So a lot of details to be worked through. But again, we're in very good shape relative to the cash and the cash availabilities. We do not have any use of our line of credit already. And we're in full compliance with all the covenants built into those agreements as well. So we're in very good shape.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now go to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Aart, I'd like to ask if there's anything instructive from your experience with the Avanti acquisition a decade ago or what might occur with the Magma acquisition. What I mean is, you bought then a company that was barely overlapping with Synopsys, but it took you a number of years longer to fully benefit from the integration of their complementary technology. And so again, the question is, do you think that there's anything that is destructive from that experience if you're maybe able to apply it to LAVA?
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, actually a very interesting question. We pride ourselves for being a learning company and one can argue how good we are at that. But there's no question that -- not just the Avanti acquisition but a number of others, each one of those have taught us new facets. I think it's important to start one of the fundamental principles back to it is all about the customer. And so no matter what we think about our plans and directions and technology, the first thing to do is to make sure that the customers are successful during this. Secondly, you're right that sometimes how one integrate or how one leverages new technologies or how one invents new things is very much a function of how one executes. And of course, we've learned many management lessons on how to do that better, how to set the objectives aggressively while at the same time not short-shifting the support of the existing customer. And so I think we will be able to execute more rapidly than in the past. But at the same time, I think it's also clear that the external landscape has evolved significantly since the mid of the last decade. And so it will be very important to involve customers in helping us at some of the key priorities because we're getting so much feedback of them wanting us to do even more than what we're doing today. So it's another learning experience, I guess, but we definitely benefit from the teachings of the past.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Could you comment on how LAVA helps you with your adjacency strategy particularly in the area of System-Level design or anything else you may care to mention?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, yes, of course, there are many adjacencies. And each one of these technologies have some key angles that are very valuable. Maybe highlighting one, which is the whole custom analog/mixed-signal domain is one where an enormous amount of invention actually is needed or maybe innovation is a better word, because it is clear that not only has analog/mixed-signal design not lived up to the same rate of productivity increase, it is -- in addition, if I can use the term harassed by the physics of small dimensions in a fashion that's actually tougher than on some of the design side -- of the digital sides. And so I think they are the areas here that can be exciting for us going forward. But this is all looking into the future at a time where we don't have specific plans ready yet. And so we'll communicate when we're ready. But the space around us is still very, very big.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a market follow-up and one quick one for Brian. At the Analyst Meeting, John mentioned that by your estimation, about 1/10 of the typical cost of an IC or semi-project is comprised of EDA tools. And I don't know if that was a specific or limited case example you were giving. But could you comment on that ratio, particularly in the context of all the technology and market pressures you refer to, if there's a possibility that that proportion, that 1/10 share that you mentioned might possibly go up?
Aart J. de Geus: Maybe I should take care of that question, Jay, if you don't mind. The challenge with these statements, of course, is they're always directionally very correct, and the second decimal point is always very suspect in terms of putting exact numbers. What is clear, though, and we are seeing it with our customer engagements, is that the depths of the engagement is becoming very different than just 3 or 4 years ago. And the reason for that is simple, which is, a, the customers on the outside feel very much the pressure of having markets that are increasingly a little bit winner takes all and are very fast. And so you cannot miss the tape out wall. Secondly is that what they are attempting to do on these chips is complex in every dimension you can think about. And by the way, the EDA tool, the word ease-of-use as much as a positive, is continually in conflict with the necessity to be incredibly capable from a technology point of view, i.e. is another way of saying this is not best of value that's easy-to-use. In other words, your support is only becoming much more than support. It is absolutely being a member of the design team. And I think it's much more collaboration anything else. Therefore, the conclusion has to be that customers that start to appreciate what we actually can do to help them differentiate rather than just be part of their cost equation will do much better. And we definitely have evidence of that with the number of customers where we'll take some pride in their success because we know it was done together in its set of differentiation. And the moment one moves more into the space of helping customers differentiate rather than just be part of their cost equation, which by definition is always under pressure, I think we have a good opportunity. And I think this applies to the entire EDA industry not just to Synopsys. And that's maybe the reason you hear all in all recently good results from all the participants in our industry.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just one last in for Brian. Could you comment on the degree of operating margin improvement in the IP business in fiscal '11? And could you perhaps talk about the extent of improvement you might see in fiscal '12 in IP?
Brian Beattie: Yes, we don't break out all the details down to the margin level. As you can see from the revenue growth in IP and systems, as a result of the acquisitions and our organic growth, we grew by 75% on the top line. And along with that came a very nice improvement in the operating margins for that business as well. And again, that is what we're counting on to continue in 2012 as we've committed to expand our operating margins in the year. And again, we have long-term targets we're continuing to work towards. But again, a nice improvement in 2012 compared to where we are at the end of '11.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to a follow-up question with Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Brian, I want to drill into the idea. You mentioned the $20 million of deferred revenue. So Magma had about $300 million of backlog coming into this fiscal year, they have the July fiscal year. So my question is this. As you go through the accounting on the merger, would it only be the deferred revenue write-down that you wouldn't get a chance to put through the income statement? If they haven't actually issued an invoice for, let's say, an annual collection on a 3-year deal as they're paying once a year, does -- a big chunk of that backlog, is that still eligible to come through the income statement for the combined company?
Brian Beattie: Yes. I can't comment on the specifics of their business, but I'll give you the update on how the accounting is done. And what happens is you do look at the deferred revenues at the point of closing the agreement and signing all the final agreements after the shareholder vote. And then given its software accounting, there is roughly a haircut between -- in every deal we do of 75% to 85%. And that's just based on the deferred revenues on the books at that point in time. The rest of backlogs and other contracts typically are able to be invoiced, collected and, again, reflect the commitments that are in place in the companies that we've acquired. So that's really the haircut you see. It's just the deferred revenues at that point in time. All the rest is cash due. It's revenues in the future and should contribute to the growth of the company.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So that's the big difference in terms of you would think of a subscription combination taking a massive haircut on the combined company. But based on what's there, it's only good to small haircuts. So that makes more sense. Aart, one question to you. Magma spend a lot of time and effort building out an analog platform just like yourself to compete with Cadence. As you looked at that platform, how fresh is that technology relative to Synopsys on efforts? And how important was that in the combination?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, in general, we cannot comment too much of the details of the products at this point in time, but this is on the area that is highly complementary. And as I mentioned earlier, the custom area is really in need for a lot of innovation. And so I'm not worried that the capabilities that the companies offer cannot be leveraged in many different ways and, actually, are badly needed in the market, frankly.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. There are no further questions in the queue.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, it's almost perfect timing because it's 3:00. So thank you very much for attending this session. I understand, obviously, that with the acquisition, there are many questions, many that at this point and time we can't answer until it's close. You understand that. I also want to make sure that notwithstanding the excitement of M&A, the really big message here was that we did have a very strong '11. And most importantly, the strength manifests in itself in our ability to set more aggressive objectives for FY '12. And so without M&A, I think we're sharing a very strong outlook with you, and it's on to the next year. Thank you very much for support during FY '11, and we hope to have a further communication with you in what is now the new fiscal year. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude our conference for today. And we do thank you for your participation for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-08-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Aart de Geus - Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lisa Ewbank - VP, IR Brian Beattie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Paul Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2011. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Dave. Good afternoon, everyone. On the call today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. During the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets, and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual result to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2011, and in our earnings release for the third quarter of fiscal year 2011 issued earlier today. In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call, the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, and supplemental financial information, can be found in the current report on Form 8-K that we filed today, our third quarter earnings release and our financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I'm happy to report that we had an excellent Q3. Combined with strong results in the first half and a solid outlook for Q4, we're confident that we will exit fiscal 2011 with a great deal of strength. Financially, in the quarter, we delivered revenue of $387 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.46. Our orders for the year have been strong and the run rate of the business grew nicely this quarter. We are increasing our revenue, EPS and cash flow guidance for the year, and expect to deliver double-digit growth for both top and bottom line.  Now before commenting on our products and results, let me give you some color on the customer landscape. Notwithstanding the global economic worries and the high volatility in the stock market, design activity continues unabated in pursuit of 3 markets: Mobile devices, the cloud infrastructure and smart everything. In the mobile market, semiconductor companies are grappling with the technical challenge of increasing speed without increasing power. These highly competitive customers are racing to meet market windows, while, of course, also aiming at the lowest possible production costs.  The cloud is a system of massive data centers running very high-performance servers, offloading compute and storage-intensive tap for the portable devices. The technical need here is symmetric: decrease power while delivering the highest possible performance. The rest of the electronics industry, be it in the automotive, industrial or consumer segment, is seeing significant growth in silicon content through an explosion of embedded smart everything chip.  To give a sense of proportion, of the top 50 electronic design software spenders in the world, 36 are mobile providers and 9 are providers of cloud hardware. We are the largest supplier in almost every case. In Asia Pacific, which dominates in the development of consumer devices, we are strong as well, with on top of our Tools business already 60% of the leading semiconductor companies embedding our IP blocks. So regardless where the market goes over the next few months, we expect Synopsys to be in a cornerstone position. We have a compelling combination of global scale, complete solutions, product excellence and outstanding support. Our financial strength allows us to continually invest in technology and help our customers safely streamline the number of vendors. This makes us an ideal partner in any phase of the business cycle.  So how are we impacting the mobile cloud and smart-everything markets? The customers' challenges are easily summarized in 3 words: better, sooner, cheaper. Better means more compute performance and less power utilization. Sooner means higher design productivity and scheduled predictability. Cheaper means best silicon utilization with highest yields. While easy to state, delivering on these expectations demands advanced silicon technology, state-of-the-art integrated tools and flows and very sophisticated IP.  Let me highlight what progress was made in a number of areas in this past quarter. Our core solutions are doing very well in terms of business level, technology advances and customer adoption. For example, for the mobile market, achieving a lower power consumption implies continually migrating to smaller geometries. Synopsys has a well-earned reputation for being the key enabler of the most advanced designs. This quarter, both STMicroelectronics and Samsung taped out their first 20-nanometer test chips with our Galaxy implementation flow. To achieve this, we collaborated with foundry partners and customers to support these very complex geometries.  During the quarter, we also announced widespread support for TSMC's 28-nanometer reference flow from system-level to chip design to verification to yield improvement. Of particular note is the exclusion of our physical verifier, IC Validator. This product is experiencing rapid adoption as its integration in the design flow removes the need for a separate physical verification tool. Custom Designer, our analog design solution, continues to progress. We are systematically removing the barriers to entry put up by incumbent tools and the tape-out count of our customers is growing. This includes a recently taped completed designed by Moortec Semiconductor, a company specializing in high-performance analog IP for medical, consumer wireless, audio and automotive markets. We also displayed some major competitor at a company using mobile apps to enable personalized medical therapy.  Confirming the completeness of our solution, Custom Designer is now included in TSMC's 28-nanometer analog mixed signal reference flow.  Moving on to verification as the single biggest challenge in productivity, we saw excellent progress this quarter throughout our portfolio. In digital, we are the primary solution and the strongest player for leading customers in both mobile and cloud due to our continued technology strength.  Our newest low-power release, for example, just became 2X faster while using half the memory, is very significant enhancements. In analog simulation, we served 19 of the top 20 chip companies and are driving significant technology advances, including excellent speed improvement with our FastSPICE solutions. At the systems level, our prototyping products are aimed at modeling the interaction of hardware and software. In essence, virtual prototyping allows software designers to develop their software on a model of the hardware before the hardware exists.  Synopsys leads in this emerging area. In Q3, we shipped a brand-new product, Virtualizer, which is the integration of the 3 previous generation virtual prototyping solutions that we had acquired in recent years. Virtualizer unites the best features of each system while providing a platform that unifies our offering. Customer reaction is very positive and we expect a fairly rapid migration to the new solution.  As the design gets more refined, one can also build a prototype of programmable FPGAs. Here, too, we have the leading position and our FPGA prototyping did very well again this quarter. Renesas Electronics, for example, adopted our solution, demonstrating considerable time-saving and high-quality results over their previous environment. One more activity common to all the advanced mobile, cloud and smart-everything customers is that IP reuse continues to be an outstanding productivity booster.  Indeed, more and more customers are collaborating with us as they increasingly outsource sophisticated building blocks to accelerate their time-to-market and save costs in the process.  Over the last 15 years, we have systematically built a large portfolio of high-quality IP blocks, which together with systems, represent about 20% of our revenue. IP is the highest area of growth for us this year. We estimate that only about 25% of IP is currently outsourced. Today, next to ARM, which focuses primarily on embedded processors, we are the second largest IP supplier and the leading provider of standards based interface, analog and memory IP. All these are in great demand for the mobile markets and represent a TAM of approximately $600 million.  During the quarter, Synopsys and ARM, an important long-term ecosystem partner, also jointly announced, as part of our ongoing relationship, a multi-year collaboration, tools deal and IP access agreement. Since we assist virtually all of the design groups in the world that develop the most advanced mobile systems, this alignment is of great value to our customers and has been extremely well received.  Summarizing the product perspective, our technology is very strong and we, again, saw good renewal activity in our core businesses and excellent growth in the adjacencies.  Let me conclude with a few remarks on how we are managing our business. At the beginning of the year, we embarked on a 5-point plan to achieve high-single digit earnings per share growth. As evidenced by our guidance today, we're executing above plan and expect to deliver double-digit growth for the year. Revenue growth and profitability for our traditional solution is well on track, with good renewals and consistent growing share of customer budgets. We're also seeing incremental benefits of a multi-year effort to improve our contract terms and discounting. Our higher growth adjacencies are well on track, with IP and systems making up 20% of our top line. We have grown this business considerably and are seeing incremental margin improvement as well.  On the M&A side, we are successfully integrating the 8 acquisitions we made last year, while mostly absorbing the near-term operating margin pressure that results from deferred revenue accounting and typical integration costs.  In the area of efficient Financial Management, we continue to allocate resources and capital to areas of highest growth and to broadening our TAM. We executed our share repurchase strategy to keep share counts roughly flat, and we did slightly better here as well.  Finally, I would like to also highlight that we, again, expect a very strong cash flow from operations, exceeding $400 million for the year. To summarize, based on our results, backlog, business model and consistently strong earnings and cash flow, we feel that we are well positioned and fairly on a bullish track for the coming year. We look forward to talking more about our long-term strategy and plan at our Investor and Analyst event in New York on September 28. I'll now turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian Beattie: Well, thank you, Aart, and good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with our guidance for Q4 and the full year. As a reminder, I'll be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We have provided reconciliations in the press release and the financial supplement, which is posted on our website. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year, unless I specify otherwise. Synopsys delivered a great quarter, meeting or exceeding all of the quarterly financial targets that we provided in May. Q3 financial results were highlighted by strong orders, double-digit growth in both revenue and non-GAAP earnings, and considerable free cash flow generation. Additionally, we are raising our full-year outlook for revenue, non-GAAP earnings and operating cash flow.  Total revenue was $387 million, an increase of 15% and slightly above our target range. Our IP and systems products continued their momentum and achieved double-digit revenue growth in Q3 and the trailing 4 quarters. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of third quarter revenue.  Turning to expenses. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $329 million, which included $17 million of amortization of intangible assets and $13.5 million of stock-based compensation. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $301 million, an expected year-over-year increase due mainly to our acquisitions, along with the timing of quarterly expenses such as the variable compensation impact that resulted from strong orders in the first 3 quarters of the year.  Non-GAAP operating margin was about 22% for Q3 and about 22.5% for the first 3 quarters of the year, as we worked through the integration of a number of 2010 acquisitions.  Turning now to earnings, GAAP earnings per share were $0.35. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased 18% to $0.46, exceeding our target range, driven primarily by top line growth along with a lower effective tax rate and reduced share count. We are raising our annual EPS guidance, reflecting our strong third quarter and year-to-date results, along with our outlook for Q4. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 21% for the quarter, below our target range due primarily to one-time tax benefits that resulted from a true-up of our FY '10 taxes. As a result, a non-GAAP tax rate for FY '11 of 22% to 23% is a reasonable estimate. For modeling purposes, we think that a 26% non-GAAP tax rate is a reasonable estimate for 2012.  Greater than 90% of Q3 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog, while upfront revenue was 5% of total. This is well within our target range of less than 10% upfront.  The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was 2.7 years. We expect average duration overtime to be approximately 3 years.  Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items. Our balance sheet remains strong, with over $1 billion in cash and short-term investments. Of our total cash balance, 33% is onshore and 67% is offshore. We generated $310 million in cash from operations, including an expected annual payment from a large customer in the quarter. We are raising our operating cash flow target for the year to more than $400 million, driven primarily by increased volume of bookings and timing of collections for the year.  Operating cash flow can be lumpy from year-to-year, which is why we believe it's important to focus on multiyear averages. For the 3-year period ended in Q3 of '11, trailing fourth quarter operating cash flow was on average about $354 million.  Continuing on with our cash and balance sheet items. Capital expenditures were $22 million in the quarter, consistent with our operating plan, resulting in free cash flow of $288 million. For the year, we expect capital spending of approximately $55 million.  During the quarter, we purchased 3.8 million shares of Synopsys stock for $100 million. During the first 3 quarters of the fiscal year, we spent $335 million, repurchasing 12.4 million shares, and we have $413 million remaining on our current authorization. When factoring in cash generated from options exercised year-to-date, we spent a net $222 million on repurchases.  Fully-diluted share count declined sequentially and the year-over-year to $148 million as a result of our year-to-date share repurchases.  Continuing on with our balance sheet items, Q3 net accounts receivable totaled $175 million and DSO was excellent at 41 days, reflecting the high quality of our A/R portfolio.  Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $754 million, and we ended Q3 with approximately 6,650 employees.  Now let's address our fourth quarter and fiscal 2011 guidance. Our GAAP targets exclude any future acquisition-related expenses that maybe incurred in Q4 and beyond. For the fourth quarter of FY '11, our targets are: Revenue between $386 million and $392 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $329 million and $341 million, which includes approximately $50 million of stock-based compensation expense; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $300 million and $305 million. Other income and expense between 0 and $1 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of between 24% and 25%; outstanding shares between 146 and 150 million; GAAP earnings of $0.26 to $0.31 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.44 to $0.46 per share. We expect greater than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog.  Now our fiscal 2011 outlook. We're raising our revenue range, with our new target between $1.531 billion and $1.537 billion, primarily reflecting higher-than-expected business levels; other income and expense between $3 million and $4 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of between 22% and 23%; outstanding shares between $148 million and $152 million; GAAP earnings per share between $1.46 and $1.51, which includes the impact of approximately $57 million in stock-based compensation expense and the Q2 IRS settlement of $32.8 million; non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.79 to $1.81. We've increased the low-end of our guidance range by $0.09 and the high-end by $0.04. Our current range represents year-over-year double-digit growth of approximately 12% to 13%, which exceeds our beginning-year commitment to deliver the high-single digit earnings growth in FY '11. And as I mentioned earlier, we're targeting cash flow from operations of more than $400 million.  In summary, we're really pleased with our Q3 financial performance, highlighted by strong top and bottom line growth and significant free cash flow generation. And we look forward to seeing you at our upcoming Investor and Analyst event, which should be held on September 28. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Richard Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Aart, I'm sure you don't want to talk about the fiscal '12 guidance right now, but I'm wondering if you could just refresh us on how you characterize the different pieces of -- the growth rates of the different pieces of your business. Before, you know you have 80% that I think you call core EDA. I think you have said that has roughly a mid-single digit long-term growth rate and then you've got 20% in the IPN system, which, I think, you've characterized as maybe 15% or so. If you could just sort of refresh us on those and tell us if you think those rates sort of still apply?
Aart de Geus: I don't think there's much to refresh, you just gave the answer, roughly. We are in low- to mid-single digits for the core EDA. We said double digits for the IP and systems area, and then there are a variety of other smaller components that have their own growth rate. But fundamentally, for the year, we entered the year with expectations setting of high-single digits. We are exiting the year doing quite a bit better than that. And in general, I think we feel that the portfolio is strengthened because some of the high growth components are now a bigger percentage of our overall revenue. And so in that sense, I think we're heading in the right direction.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: And based on your comments, it doesn't sound like you're seeing any adverse impact from some of the macro headwinds, if you will, out there. But just, if you could give us maybe a little more color on sort of what you're seeing from your customers in terms of EDA spending despite some of the obvious sort of negative headlines in certain semiconductor areas, if you will.
Aart de Geus: Well, of course, our customers read the newspapers, too. And so they -- on one hand share the concern. On the other hand, they also share the rates forward towards being very competitive in areas of high growth. And no matter how what happens to the economy, I think electronics will outperform the economy just because the demand for, especially the mobile devices, the many Internet interaction capabilities is very, very high. I think one of the other reasons that we are probably feeling, actually, very good market results is that even if there were any challenges in the overall market, we are definitely a very, very safe bet for customers because we provide complete solutions. We can help them streamline their expenses while staying extremely competitive. So whichever scenario ultimate plays out, and far for me to be able to tell which one it is, I think we are in a very good position.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Great. And could you just talk about what you're seeing in terms of pricing? I think for years, we've seen pretty significant price pressure within EDA. Recently, we've actually heard some talk of prices actually going up in certain instances. I'm just wondering if you could give any color on what you're seeing from a pricing perspective?
Aart de Geus: Well, it's certainly encouraging to hear a number of people actively speaking about pricing as being an important component to do well in our market. As you know, I think we've been quite disciplined for now a long time. We have a business model that has extremely high degree of linearity and we manage the contracts within, all in all, a fairly tight window, which is typically around 3 years or so. And so that stability gives us an opportunity to be quite watchful about the overall terms. But on top of that, in the last few years, we have step-by-step put a bit more emphasis on how to improve the contract. And the fact that we hear from, obviously, in our industry that they're heading in the same direction is very encouraging.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Great. And one final one, if I could just -- with respect to your operating margins. I think this year, you had some pressure from the integration of numerous acquisitions, especially Virage. And I think you've been investing pretty aggressively developing some new IP. Is there any reason to think some of those pressures wouldn't abate at least somewhat as we move into next year and maybe see some upward move on the operating margin on a year-to-year basis?
Aart de Geus: Well, so I think you understand the overall picture quite well. You're correct that actually more than just this year, even in the previous year, we did put a high degree of emphasis during the downturn to continue to invest both in technology and in serving the customers. The acquisitions bring with them, as you know, a revenue haircut and then a number of cost of integration, and also on our companies that have a lower ops margin than what we have. We have managed to mostly absorb that but definitely the ops margin has been at the lower end of what we normally would manage towards. Going forward, without making a hard commitment at this point in time, given that the guidance will be really done at the end of the fourth quarter, we are looking at the fact that it's possible to put a little bit more emphasis on the ops margin towards the positive. And so I think at this point in time, I would say there should not be any negative surprises by the time we give you guidance.
Operator: Next we'll hear from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC: Aart, if I could just to follow up a little bit on a couple of Richard's questions vis-a-vis ambitions for 2012. It sounds like the revenue line, especially given a higher mix of IP, et cetera, you feel pretty good about. It sounds like -- from your previous answer, that we shouldn't expect anything negative on the operating margin side. In terms of your own R&D intensity, et cetera, in this business, given all the shift, is there, in fact, an opportunity to move, do you think, overtime? Not looking for any short-term commitment but operating margin significantly up beyond the -- getting back some of the pressure that some of the acquisitions cost? I mean, you're running sort of 23-ish, 22%. Can you move that back into the mid-20s, even upper 20s? How do you think about that just generally?
Aart de Geus: Well, we have been on record for now a long period of time, saying that the longer-term ambition was towards the mid-20s. And we certainly would only say that if we thought that actually was not only possible but desirable. And as you well know, there's always a tension pair between, on one hand, having no end to wanting to do more investments, on the other hand, also wanting to have higher profitability as it generates the cash with potential M&A. And the M&A is mostly important to actually broaden our TAM. And we are step-by-step doing that and actually see some of the positive effects of that very strategy of the last 3, 4 years. And so in general, I do agree with the tenor of your question, and I don't want to turn this entire earnings release into the guessing for guidance for next year. But if there's one more comment coming out of, not only this quarter but really the sum of the year so far is, we're building a very solid backlog that allows us, again, to enter the next year with a high degree of confidence. And once you have that, it allows you to focus on some of the other financial variables. And we do want to put a high degree of emphasis on the P&L profile of the company to generate more shareholder value.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC: Would it be reaching too far to take that as an ambition beyond high single-digit earnings growth in the next year or is that stretching?
Aart de Geus: The notion of standing on thin ice and going further and further applies to this discussion. Let's keep the -- both the strategy discussion will be at the September meeting and then the hard guidance should be complete by the end of our fiscal year. But I think, in general, we are thinking about the company, both of course, in terms of technology, investment, but also, in terms of the financial management that we want to apply more systematically. And there are many opportunities to see how we can tune to make the company even stronger.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC: One follow-up if I might, just on capital structure and cash. You're generating, you have probably one of the most visible models around semiconductors. You've talked about some of the attributes that give you that visibility, vis-à-vis the model, et cetera. You're generating tons of cash. I think you have somewhere around $7 of cash. Can you just talk about the trade-offs as you see them, between buybacks, maybe even dividends and a model like this? Where are you in the thinking around capital structure, please?
Brian Beattie: Yes, Raj, why don't I grab that one. The performance of our company is really strong again this year on cash flows, we've highlighted with our targets over $400 million. When you look at the structure of the business, we now have $340 million in the U.S. and the rest of our -- just over $1 billion of cash offshore. So again, we look very carefully at the blend of where that cash resides. And then, we've laid out pretty clearly that we're focused on growth, we're focused on M&A as a key ingredient of that growth, in addition to our organic growth, and we committed to keep our share count roughly flat. And again you can see a very strong impact on our buyback program this year, with spending $335 million of U.S. cash on that buyback to take our share count down, even a little bit actually this year, compared to where we were from the prior quarter and over last year. So those are the top 2 priorities. And at this point, we don't have dividends on the table as long as the company continues to grow, both the top line and the bottom line.
Operator: Next we'll hear from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Within the comment about strong orders for the quarter, can you give us a sense that relative to your own expectation were there any one or two areas that really stood out?
Aart de Geus: Well, in many ways, the areas that stand out is precisely what makes up the company. IP, again, did very well. We had a number of other individual products that really stand out by particular technical strengths, such as the whole physical domain. We have a number of products that we introduced in the last couple of years that are going well. IC Validator is a good example. And so it is all in all, relatively balanced, but it fits very well, I think, the make-up story that we have told you, are then exactly the facts of the growth rates that we see. In general, we were -- I don't think that we were surprised. I think we executed very well on all the transactions that came up. And I think mostly it is because we have very good relationships with the customers right now. And in many situations that -- they're involved in really, really sophisticated designs, and now that's good for us.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then, Aart. Can you give us a little bit more color, It wasn't completely clear about the agreements that you have in place with ARM, and exactly how that's going to -- how are you going to monetize that relationship over the next couple of years?
Aart de Geus: Well, we are, of course, in different businesses. Their main business is in the processor business, where they are doing extremely well. We provide many of the things around that, be it some of the I/O, IP blocks, but mostly a large number of tools and especially, the tools support with their key customers. And one needs to understand what happens really at those most advanced customers that are typically in the mobile field. They are driving extremely hard on the cores of the processors and all the IP around that to be as high-performance as possible, and as low power as possible. And there's really a race among them. And so by being well aligned and having access to some of the IP from ARM in time and with the right support, we can actually make their cores shine in the hands of their customers. And so we have, I would say, probably, 1/2 of our worldwide support is dedicated to that type of task in the broad sense, embedding these cores in very complex chips. In addition, ARM has access for quite a number of years to our tools and hopefully, they can say the positive things about the quality and capabilities of our tools, it certainly helps them drive the state-of-the-art.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then last question. Brian, can you give us a sense given the strong orders, what did that do in terms of the variable expense in the sales and marketing line, in other words, how much higher was the sales and marketing than maybe you would have expected when you originally gave guidance?
Brian Beattie: Well, it is up over what we had originally anticipated for Q3, as both the bookings for this year and the outlook for bookings for the rest of the year came in higher than what we had anticipated. So as we look at the overall expenses, we're within the range, we're at the top end of that as we came through. So we managed to control the expenses within what we'd anticipated. But again, just reiterating, very strong bookings year, has come in stronger each sequential quarter, as far as performance again, against our anticipation. And again that was the biggest driver of our cash flow as well as we look at that from last quarter to this quarter. So nice diversity of accounts, high volumes, collections earlier than what we had planned on a historical basis, and very good performance in that. But we just had to manage those expenses all within our expectations.
Operator: Next we'll hear from the line of Paul Thomas with Bank of America.
Paul Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch: One of your competitors went out of their way recently to highlight some competitive displacements at 2 top 10 semi customers. I know historically, there's a lot of back and forth amongst the competitors in this space. But this was the first time we heard a dollar figure of $10 million or more in annual revenue from these couple of agreements. So I wanted to ask you guys directly about it. Have there been any significant losses for Synopsys at any of the top 10 customers recently or is Synopsys market share stable and growing?
Aart de Geus: You know we have not seen any, and our market share feels very stable and growing and as much as $10 million is a great number, we do $1.5 billion, and so it doesn't -- it was not visible to us. And the reality is many of the very large customers have brought set of customer tool arrangements, sorry, and so frankly, we don't know what they're talking about.
Paul Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, fair enough. On the average contract life, you've talked about the long term 3-year average, but you've been below that for several quarters. Now just wondering are you still getting sort of inter-contract renewals that are being down a little bit? Or is this a little more active management to get shorter contracts? Or is there anything going on, sort of near term that's going to go away later on to get that back to 3 years? Or how should we be thinking about that?
Aart de Geus: Sorry for interrupting you. I think in general, from our perspective, the contracts are sort of staying the same. At any point in time, the reality is one rarely goes to the end of a contract then renews for 3 years. And the way this works in practice is, more often than not is, after a year or so, the customer wants some additional tools or some different configuration. And then one tends to renew and re-up for the next 3 years. That is the most common situation. During the massive downturn, we saw that some of the people waited a bit longer, mostly because they didn't want to make any additional commitments from where they were. We are not seeing that recently. From quarter-to-quarter, there can be big changes, because it's a discrete number of contracts. You're right, I think in the last 3 quarters that it was a little bit below 3 years. We are of course, ask ourselves the question, the same question. But we have not really found any special line or reason to be either concerned or elated about.
Brian Beattie: And maybe just to add to that, Paul, we're at 2.7 years, last quarter 2.8 years, then 2.5 years the previous quarter. So we are seeing a little bit down from the 3.0 years average. But we still feel that 3.0s the target level -- is 2.9 years. So a couple of points, we believe in the full transparency and be able to demonstrate what it is. We say 3.0 years is the way to go. And the other really important part of that, is the inherent run rate of those deals when they come through, and we're very happy with the run rates, the annual revenue increases that we've seen on each of those contracts, and that's also very positive.
Paul Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's very helpful, thank you. And maybe following up on the buyback question from earlier. So you did mention too in your prepared remarks that your share counts stepped down a little bit more, I guess, than normal quarter-over-quarter. And so if there's -- is there anything to read into that? And you guys getting a little more aggressive on buybacks or is that just kind of an anomaly with the stock compensation not chewing up to that in the short term?
Brian Beattie: Well, that's a good question. But again, we remain committed to keeping our share count roughly flat. And we exercise against a program we put in place that looks at the source of cash and how we can best apply it. And then as we went through the year, we exercised against our plan in the most recent quarter and the amount of exercises that came through towards the end of the quarter as the stock price had come down a little bit, came in less than anticipated. So we executed on our buyback the amount of exercises came in a little bit lighter based on the price. And we ended up in the lowest net stock position we've had in the last 2 years. So very, very good position to be in.
Operator: Next we'll hear from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Maybe another cash flow question. Of the $400 million that you're projecting for this year are there any unusual or one-time items in there? Or is this the level you'd expect from this new revenue and earnings level?
Brian Beattie: Yes. We wanted to highlight that when we looked at the 3-year average of our operating cash flow, it came in at $354 million. We are looking at a $400 million. And as you know, cash flow forecasting can be lumpy from year-to-year. The increase in our guidance from last year -- from last quarter, I should say, even from the beginning of the quarter, really all came as a result of increased collections. We had record levels of collections, reflecting a very strong business in our third quarter. We saw that both the level of bookings we anticipated came in higher volume-wise, as well as came in earlier in the year, and that again gives the opportunity for us to collect cash with the new negotiated terms that are put in place. So again, very happy with the amount of cash based on the bookings, but kind of highlighting that our average over the last 3 years have been about $350 million. So just to say, this is our, it's our, one of our record levels of performance, but it's hard to forecast, and it can be lumpy going forward.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then also you talked about 1/3 onshore, 2/3 offshore. What's the split for the, I guess the cash flow run rate at this point?
Brian Beattie: Oh, it's about 1/2 and 1/2, generating 1/2 of our cash in the U.S. and the other 1/2 outside of the country, based on where this comes through based on our current mix of profitability by region.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And has there been any changes in the laws as far as bringing cash back to the U.S.?
Brian Beattie: No, not yet. We're following the developments in Washington very closely. There have been a number of proposals on improved tax rates or repatriation, we're watching that really, really closely and support any initiative that does allow us to do that, and to bring back cash at more favorable rates.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: All right. Then switching gears a bit. Aart, when you look at the memory space, and going down to 2x nodes and talk about the vertical demand, and all this tech stuff, does this increase CDA intensity to offer memory or is it still pretty small or pretty low compared to logic?
Aart de Geus: It increases it. Every step to the next node down just brings a boat load of physics, if I can call it like that. And you may have heard about the very fact that Intel announced that they are betting on FinFETs. Think of FinFETs as transistors that instead of being flat, are vertical. And so it's a little bit like high-rise transistors, so to speak. Well, in order to build those things, the physics are extremely tricky, they're very thin, and it requires a lot of simulation. We are very well positioned with that because Synopsys is the prime provider of so-called TCADs, Technology Computer Aided Design, and TCAD in the last few years has had the breakthrough that it can now simulate 3 dimensions. Well, perfect timing because transistors are now 3 dimension. Well, the transition technology of course, is driven mostly by memory FPGA and processor people, because they are the leading edge of technology. And so the trend that you're highlighting, which is the smaller and smaller devices in Moore's Law, absolutely demands more TCAD, more extraction, more simulation, more sophisticated building of libraries and memories. And by the way also more sophisticated investments in IP blocks, and that serves us well again because our IP blocks will become of higher and higher value as they are more and more difficult to build. So we're lovers of Moore's Law, what can I say?
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: So do you view this as just kind of a continuation of the Moore's Law you've been on for 15 years or so, or is this, is there more of a step function now because of this move to the vertical transistor?
Aart de Geus: The funky thing with Moore's Law is because it’s an exponential, it feels like every 5 years there's a step function because it's not just a little bit harder, it's a lot harder. At the same time, Moore's Law is certainly alive for now 45 or 50 years. And we can see today another decade, predicting beyond that is always a little haphazard. But for right now, we see people working at sub-10 microns, sort of, nanometers, sorry, not microns, nanometers. And these are extremely small devices and the hunger for more transistors will continue. So I think there's a lot of work to be done, and we're at the heart of that.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And then finally, when you look at your business and you have 90% going into the quarter. Of that remaining 10%, is there some way to characterize the makeup of it? Is the difference in there the other 90%?
Aart de Geus: Yes, it is. And the reason it is, is because IP tends to be a higher percentage of that because in many situations the IP is a shorter duration cell or in the number of cases also just an up-front cell. So that is -- that tends to fill the last 10%. And then of course, we also have a number of services, and there the services, essentially, are being accounted for upon delivery of certain milestones. And so as much as -- on one hand, it's great to have 90% going into the quarter, it's not like there's no work to be done. But having such a strong percentage in hand, of course, gives the degree of stability that's good for the company.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Mahesh Sanganeria of RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Aart, I would like to revisit that capital structure question. I mean, here we have -- it seems like the world is falling apart, but you are doing great, your bookings are up, your cash flows is great. And so what stops you from putting some leverage on the balance sheet? I mean, we have equipment companies which are so volatile, but even the equipment companies are putting some leverage on their balance sheets. So I don't understand why you would not consider that very seriously.
Aart de Geus: Nothing stops us from doing that. And as a matter of fact, we are extremely conscious of the fact that the interest rates have become very better and better. And so from the overall strength of the company, obviously, we can take on debt. That also only make sense if there is a good return to be had on that debt. And far from me to say that there will be or will not be, but it is also clear that if there is more of a downturn, having a strong position has a high degree of value, and we certainly have learned a lot of things from the last downturn. But again, I don't want to be quoted or so I think there is going to be a downturn. There are many questions and uncertainty, and in that landscape we are solid. If the market continues as it is today, our business will continue to grow well on its own volition. But in any case, we are very proactively considering all of these options all the time. Thank you.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. That's helpful, and one more question on the 28-nanometer. How would you characterize the design starts and adoption of 28-nanometer right now, compared to 40-nanometer at a similar stage?
Aart de Geus: Actually all in all, it's not dissimilar. We put 28 and 32 in the same bucket because technically they mostly are. And we've seen, for example, in the last quarter, the design tapeouts moved to 173 from 134 in the previous quarter. So we track these things quite carefully. And all in all, we are following sort of a 2.5 to 3 years cycle from 1 node sets to the next. So I think 28 is only, where all of the advanced design that's going to go to market in the next 18 months is being done. There are a number of people working at 20 and 22 already, so that's the next wave -- that's much of our deep technology emphasis is on, and then I said there are people already below that. But 28 is the node that all of the foundries are completely focusing on, as we speak.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And just one more follow-up on that. It seems like some of the comments from TSMC, that process technology is relatively better, compared to 40-nanometer, they have much better yield at 28-nanometer, but it seems like that it's taking longer to close the design or product qualified. So can you give your viewpoint as to what's happening? Why is TSMC seeing some push outs in terms of product qualification when your process technology is quite ready?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think in general, TSMC specifically, has put a high degree of emphasis and hard work on 28-nanometer, and I think they've done very well with that. At the same time, it is also clear that when you go to these smaller and smaller geometries, the tolerances of the technology become larger versus the size of the device. Well those very tolerances reflect themself directly inside of the design. And so what we have now clearly demonstrated, is that yield is about, I would say, 1/2 to 2/3 the results of design technology and about 1/2 to 1/3 the result of actually, manufacturing prowess. Well that's a very important statement because that says that the design community needs to become much more yield sensitive. Now if you compare that to let's say 10 years ago, where most people did designs and then they would send it to the fab and the fab would execute it and end of story. Well today, you have to really tune your design for yields optimization. And actually we have some very exciting tools that are doing well one is called, Yield Explorer that allows our users, the design community to find yield issues much more rapidly. Because there's one more component, it's not just the absolute number of how good is the yield, it is how good is the yield over time. Meaning when you start in a new node, it tends to be not so great and then you tune and tune, and tune, both on the fab side as well as on the design side, and then the yields moves up. That's called the yield ramp. And so the faster you ramp, the faster your chips become cheaper. And so it's in that context that Yield Explorer is doing very well. And actually, just in the last couple of days, I've had interactions with foundries that are optimizing and where Yield Explorer has been able to find some, essentially, bad situations in the design that immediately helped the resulting yield. So I think it's an opportunity for us, the design world and the manufacturing world are no longer disconnected.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Can you assign some kind of incremental opportunity you might have or the industry might have from this systematic yield issues or the design related to yield issue? I know that this was talked about long time ago, that was DFM, and now we don't hear that word that much. But I'm sure the problem was a lot more severe. Is that an area of growth? You talked about that, but is there a dollar amount you can think about for this segment?
Aart de Geus: Well, we don't break out individual tools, but there's no question that the whole area that touches manufacturing for us, is actually of significant size. And the reason for that is because it contains things such as, the yield optimization techniques that I described, but also described -- contains the optical proximity corrections and there are 2. There's a whole new discontinuity in physics happening, the TCADs, that I mentioned earlier, which has gone 3-dimensional. And so the overall manufacturing tools TAM is probably around $500 million or so, and we must be doing, out the top of my head, I would say $175 million or something along those lines. So it's an area -- it's only that will remain very solid or potentially, growing a bit better than the core EDA.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will next go to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: First, I'd like to ask a couple of interrelated financial questions. In the third quarter, your deferred revenue on the cash flow statement was about $122 million, which was an unusually large amount now as versus that $77 million in the third quarter the year ago. I don't know it's always tricky to compare one quarter versus another in EDA. But would that increase be a rough proxy for your level of bookings increase year-over-year? In addition, in 2010, you increased your backlog by $100 million, not counting the effect of acquisitions which were another $100 million. Would it be fair to say that in fiscal '11, you should be able to increase your year end backlog versus last year by at least another $100 million or so? Then a couple of follow-ups.
Brian Beattie: Okay. So the first answer is, no. It's not related to any specific customer activity. But just overall, that deferred revenues grew on our ability to invoice our customers, and of course, it does grow very traditionally in the third quarter. It grows compared to the prior quarter, based on the profile of our ability to invoice our customers in cases of annually, in advance, or even quarterly, in advance. It's a very typical program for us to see to a growth. This year was even stronger which relates to general bookings increase and generally, abilities to invoice customers based on terms and conditions that we have negotiated. So it's very strong and does give confidence as we move forward in the year. It is a factor that we do look at for managing cash flows, and it gives us a visibility into the amount that we've invoiced and that then therefore, has very high probability on collections from that point on. As far as the backlog, we did not comment at the beginning of the year of what the backlog would do for the year. We did commit each year that we will disclose the amount of backlog at the end of this year, which would be effectively in a earnings call schedule at the very end of November. And we'll give the numbers then at that point. So again, focus more on the run rate improvement, and not just on the absolute gross dollar values of the bookings, because those do move around an awful lot.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: For Aart, a couple of product and market questions. First, at the Design Automation Conference in June. The detailed Intel's architecture group gave a pretty interesting talk on the importance of the necessary transformation in EDA, as they put it. They were talking specifically, for example, about the need to optimize across all of systems software and silicon together. The question is, setting IP aside for the moment, how well do think Synopsys is positioned to meet those kinds of needs, particularly, at the systems level? Then one last one after that.
Aart de Geus: Okay. I think Gadi Singer gave the presentation and he is tasked of course to try to look at division that Intel has 4 more encompassing design development flow. And there's no question that for a lot of products, the system angle is becoming much, much more important. Now I don't want to give the impression that many people are looking at a completely integrated system to silicon flow, because there just too many tasks and they already specialize. In the systems area though, we have made substantial investments over the last number of years, and they range from tools that are IP algorithmic, architectural level at the very high end, and the companies that used to invest a lot in those were the high end communication company. We have a number of tools that are focused on the virtual prototyping, in other words, built a model of the hardware before the hardware exists. And in that context, we acquired a number of companies, and we have just released a product that integrates much of their efforts. We have some efforts at high-level synthesis. We have a number of efforts in the prototyping based on FPGAs, which is also the benefit that it can be connected directly to analog/mixed-signal boards, for example. So we have a lot going, is the bottom line. And at the same time, I think that this is just the beginning of a field that is still evolving quite a bit. I would add one more component though, which is that in that whole system thinking, one should also look at IP. Because in many ways, IP has 2 faces. And let me take memory blocks as an example. You can think of a memory block as a set of transistors that have been really, really polished physically to be optimally dense. Well, that's the low end of memory. You can also think of it as a -- almost a software device that can store ones and zeroes, well that's the system's perspective. And the fact that we have a very strong IP position, helps us again, in looking at the whole system area. So I think we are by far in a way in the strongest position of all the players, at the same time, it is still very, very much a beginning market.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: All right. Lastly, along the lines of some of the earlier questions about where your growth will come from. Synopsys already has the highest share in IC implementation, almost certainly the plurality of the market. And of course, you still lead in synthesis and that category has been doing better over the last year, and you still have very high share in simulation and analysis. So the question is, in what other areas might you look again enough share in the 2 [indiscernible] categories, that there would be a material impact on your run rates and total revenue?
Aart de Geus: Well, there are a couple of specific areas where we do not have a high share, and so physical verification would be a good example of that, the entire custom domain. We do not have all that much share in the implementation side, and so these are areas that we can grow into. Secondly, the overall EDA market, or EDA plus-plus is actually quite a bit larger than Synopsys. So the share battles will continue, and it's a competitive market. And so our ambition should be to do better and better. At the same time, we have been quite explicit that we want to use the strong position we have to use at least some of the capital strength that we have to broaden the TAM. And you have seen our IP story expand substantially. we have at least one nice little example in the optical area where we made an investment last year that is turning out to work extremely well, and so there are many opportunities, the demand for new capability is unstoppable at this point in time. I think we have arrived at the end of the hour. And so we'd like to thank you for attending the conference call. Hopefully, the takeaway is that we have very good results for the quarter, a strong outlook for the year and are very much looking forward to see a number of you, if not all, at the September analyst meeting. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Thank you very much. And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference today. We appreciate your participation and you're using the AT&T Executive TeleConference. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-05-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Aart de Geus - Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lisa Ewbank - VP, IR Brian Beattie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Paul Thomas - Roth Capital Partners LLC Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co. Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC Unknown Analyst - 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys earnings conference call for the second quarter of fiscal year 2011. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.  At this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Beth. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. During the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2011, and in our earnings release for the second quarter of fiscal year 2011 issued earlier today. In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call, as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the current report on Form 8-K that we filed today, our first quarter earnings release and our financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I'm pleased to report that we had a strong second quarter, keeping us well on track towards meeting our objectives for the year. Against the backdrop of a healthy electronics and semiconductor market, Synopsys is well-positioned as yet another wave of eagerly awaited electronic products and advanced technologies are heading to market. Our strength is supported by our clear industry leadership position, our unwavering commitment to state-of-the-art technology and support in traditional EDA and our continued drive towards high-growth adjacencies such as IP.  Financially, in the quarter, we delivered revenue of $394 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.45. Supported by strong orders in the quarter, the run rate of the business grew and the outlook for the second half is solid. Looking forward, we are best well on track towards our earnings per share objective for the year.  Before commenting on our products, let me give some color on the customer landscape. Overall, the electronics industry remains healthy, and demand for new product is high. After an extremely strong 2010 recovery year, the outlook for semiconductors is solid with expectations of upper-single-digit growth this year. Simultaneously, that very recovery in worldwide economic stability are bringing challenges to our customers. First, time-to-market pressure is back. With the rapid growth in the mobile and consumer markets, the race is on to deliver complex products, often using the most advanced technologies. Notably, we are seeing accelerated adoption of the 28/32 and even the 20/22 nanometer nodes. Thanks to our investments and relationships, Synopsys is well-placed to effectively serve these customers.  Second, the features of these new end products are taxing every aspect of electronic design, ranging from the integration of hardware and software, to the reuse of sophisticated IP blocks, to the detailed physics impacting power consumption and manufacturing yield. The interaction of these effects is precisely one of the driving reasons for customers to select Synopsys as a key partner.  And third, with the economic recovery, the employment market has become more competitive as well. And while business is strong, many customers are very focused on how to improve their productivity to make up for increasing compensation costs.  These challenges and opportunities have recently led to several notable consolidations in the semiconductor industry, which we believe will continue to be a trend in the foreseeable future.  Looking at our products, we see continued strong interest in the rapid adoption of leading-edge solutions. This was quite visible at our users group meeting in March. We had record attendance, with over 2,300 attendees from more than 200 companies. Not surprisingly, popular themes were the ongoing quest for faster turnaround time in every aspect of the design flow and the never-ending push for performance while reducing powerful mobility in battery-operated devices. There was also particularly strong interest in our sessions on reusable IP, which incidentally, registered the highest rating in the history of the conference.  Let me focus for a moment on our implementation tools. At the conference, we introduced DC Explorer, a breakthrough in logic design that enables much faster chip completion. It's great benefit is that it correlates well with the downstream physical implementation and allows engineers to find and correct issues much earlier.  We're also seeing strong momentum with our In-Design physical verification solution, IC Validator. This quarter, 2 Top 20 semiconductor companies have started to standardize on Synopsys through final signoff, thus no longer needing a separate physical verification tool.  Moving to functional verification. We delivered outstanding results and speed improvements to drive a number of competitive wins, including an important displacement at a leading communications IT company for use in its high-profile, next-generation chip.  In analog implementation, we see continued momentum with Custom Designer. Tapeouts are growing nicely, including one of the Top 20 established companies recently completing a 40-nanometer high-performance analog design. A number of top semiconductor companies are benchmarking our solution with increasingly positive results as they are exploring the adoption of Customer Designer in their flows.  Finally, in manufacturing, another major customer is deploying Yield Explorer companywide. The value proposition is compelling. Yield Explorer offers large gains, as even a small change in yield dramatically improves their bottom line.  Now let me turn to our high-growth adjacencies, which continued to see strong results. The IP and systems areas is expected to represent about 20% of our revenue in 2011, a scale that is meaningful in driving overall revenue growth.  First, to IP. There are many building blocks on a chip: Processors, graphics cores, connections to external elements such as cameras, microphones, data interfaces, many types of memory, analog blocks, and so on. Historically, companies designed these internally. But outsourcing of reusable elements is accelerating, driven by a combination of customer desire to focus limited resources on differentiating projects and the availability of very sophisticated, reliable third-party IP.  Synopsys offers a broad portfolio of IP mapped into the key manufacturing processes. After 15-plus years of investment and execution, we are the second largest IP company in the world, and our portfolio includes a rich collection of key building blocks.  Starting with interface IP. We supply all of the top interface blocks including USB, PCI Express, HDMI, et cetera, and are either #1 or #2 in each.  Moving to memory IP. We find that about 50% of the modern chip area can be memory. As the #1 provider of memory IP, we can have dramatic footprint on advanced design.  Finally, looking at analog IP. We see many applications that require digital to analog, and vice versa, translation. An example of this would be connecting to an external microphone. We're also #1 in this rather fragmented market segment.  In Q2, we continued to see very strong demand for our IP products. This was particularly true in vertical markets such as mobile multimedia, smart phones, tablets, cameras, digital home, including set-top boxes in digital TV and wireless infrastructure.  This increasing demand has a twofold impact on our business. First, customers are significantly more willing to outsource as they see the time-to-market advantages of a commercial IP reuse approach to design. We see many opportunities to leverage our past investment and grow our business. Second, with the demand for additional title, the process-specific porting and the increased complexity of many IP cores, we need to continue to invest to meet demand and drive future revenue growth.  Now turning to the systems space, where our primary focus is to enable customers to handle the increasing challenges of hardware-software interaction. Central to this is our portfolio of prototyping solutions, featuring both software models and FPGA-based prototypes.  Prototyping accelerates both embedded software development and system validation by using models of the chip long before the design is actually finished. This approach can accelerate software delivery by 6 to 9 months. Traditionally, customers have built prototypes internally, but here too, increased complexity and sophisticated commercial solutions are attractive for outsourcing. For example, a major communications IC company is now ramping up its use of our virtual prototypes and has already started to provide the models to its end customers to help them accelerate their software development.  Also, during the quarter, a top global imaging company expanded its use on a broad range of our system solutions, including prototyping and high-level design. Overall, our FPGA-based rapid prototyping solution, again saw good growth.  To conclude, we executed very well in Q2. Our technology pipeline delivery and adoption remained strong, especially as we focus on advanced technology. As a result, we are well on track to meeting our financial objectives for the year.  Let me now turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian Beattie: Well, thank you, Aart, and good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with our guidance for Q3 and the full year.  As a reminder, I'll be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We've provided reconciliations in the press release and our financial supplements posted on our website. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year, unless I specify otherwise.  Synopsys delivered a strong quarter, meeting or exceeding virtually all of the quarterly financial targets that we provided in February. Q2 financial results were highlighted by strong orders, solid growth in both revenue and non-GAAP earnings and considerable operating cash flow generation.  Additionally, we repurchased $170 million worth of Synopsys stock during the quarter. Total revenue was $394 million, an increase of 16% and at the high end of our target range. We delivered revenue growth across all product groups, with particular strength from our IP and systems products. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of second quarter revenue.  Turning to expenses. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $342 million, which included $19 million of amortization of intangible assets and $13 million of stock-based compensation. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses of $307 million were slightly above our target range, and as expected, increased year-over-year and sequentially. The year-over-year increase was due mainly to our acquisitions, while the sequential increase was driven primarily by timing of quarterly expenses, such as the variable compensation impact that resulted from strong orders in Q2 and the first half of the year. As a result, non-GAAP operating margin was 22% for the quarter and 23% for the first half of fiscal 2011.  For the full year, we expect expenses to be slightly higher than originally anticipated, as we address near-term cost pressures, such as employee compensation. However, we have increased confidence in our annual EPS guidance and in fact, are raising the lower end of the range.  Turning now to earnings. GAAP earnings per share were $0.53, substantially above our target range, and up from $0.26 a year ago. This was due primarily to the onetime impact of a $32.8 million, or $0.21 per share, GAAP-only tax benefit associated with an IRS settlement for fiscal years 2006 through 2009.  Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.45, an increase of 10%, driven by solid top line growth and a lower effective tax rate. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 21% for the quarter, well below our target range, driven primarily by a more favorable U.S. tax rate expected for the year because of the items settled in the 2006 through '09 IRS audit. As a result, we now think that a non-GAAP tax rate for FY '11 of between 24% and 25% is a reasonable estimate.  Upfront revenue was 6% of total, well within our target range of less than 10% up front. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was 2.8 years. We continue to expect average duration over time to be approximately 3 years.  Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items. Our balance sheet remained strong with $840 million in cash and short-term investments. Of our total cash balance, 27% is onshore and 73% is offshore. We generated $96 million in cash from operations in the quarter, and we are raising our operating cash flow target for the year to approximately $300 million, up from our prior range of $230 million to $250 million, to reflect increased collections driven primarily by timing of deals.  Continuing on with our cash and balance sheet items. Capital expenditures were $10 million for the quarter. For the year, we continue to expect capital spending of approximately $50 million to $55 million.  During the quarter, we purchased 6.2 million shares of Synopsys stock for $170 million, delivering on our commitment to increase our buybacks to help us meet our current goal of keeping share count roughly flat at about 151 million shares over time. During the first half of the fiscal year, we spent $235 million, repurchasing 8.6 million shares. And we have $80 million remaining in our current authorization.  Continuing on with our balance sheet items. Q2 net accounts receivable totaled $210 million, and DSO was 49 days, which is within our target range. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $626 million. And we ended Q2 with approximately 6,540 employees.  Now let's address our third quarter and fiscal 2011 guidance. Our GAAP targets exclude any future acquisition-related expenses that may be incurred in Q3 and beyond. For the third quarter of FY '11, our targets are: Revenue between $378 million and $386 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $319 million and $337 million, which includes approximately $13 million of stock-based compensation expense; total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $292 million and $302 million, down from Q2; other income and expense between $0 and $2 million; a non-GAAP tax rate between 24% and 25%; outstanding shares between 149 million and 153 million; GAAP earnings of $0.25 to $0.31 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $0.41 to $0.43 per share. We expect greater than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog.  Now our fiscal 2011 outlook: We reiterate that we expect revenue between $1.5 billion and $1.525 billion; a growth rate of approximately 8.5% to 10.5%; other income and expense between $1 million and $5 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of between 24% and 25%; outstanding shares between 149 million and 153 million; GAAP earnings per share between $1.33 and $1.46, which includes the impact of approximately $56 million in stock-based compensation expense and the IRS settlement of $32.8 million; non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.70 to $1.77. We've increased the low end of our guidance range by $0.03. And as I mentioned earlier, we're targeting cash flow from operations of approximately $300 million.  In summary, we continue to execute well in Q2, highlighted by top and bottom line growth and very solid cash flow generation. So with that, turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC: Brian, just a couple of quick ones for you. Can you talk about what happened in sales and marketing? You had a $20 million sequential bump. I don't think I've seen that before. A little unusual. Can you explain that? And then just a clarification on the tax comment. I thought you guided the whole year at 24% to 25%. The first half was, as I recall, closer to 21%. You guided the third quarter to 24% to 25%, I think. Does Q4 go up, or did I sort of misread what you were trying to say about the full year?
Brian Beattie: Yes, you bet, Raj. Okay, on the first question, the sales and marketing expense. That effect, it reflects the total expense increase sequentially from Q1 to Q2. It's primarily in that sales and marketing line. And it's all about commissions. As you know, we take a proportional expense accrual on the total bookings levels that go throughout the year, and we're just indicating Q2 has a very, very strong quarterly bookings number for it. So therefore, it takes into account the very significant amount of bookings that came in on the quarter, reflects commissions and, to some extent, some of the variable compensation, on top of that, for the rest. The second question about the tax rate. You're right. When we look at our total year, our guidance is 24% to 25%. And what we reflect in there is both Q1, where the rate came in at 21% -- and as you know, that reflected the approval through the government of the R&D tax credit, and that had about a $5 million impact in Q1 and took us to 21%. In the second quarter, we're at 21% as well, which reflected the impact in 2011 of the audit that was just completed by the IRS for our years -- '06 through '09. And clearly, it made it very clear for us on how we treat certain actions in '11. We're able to flow that through and make all of the year-to-date adjustments totally accurate. So those are again, the onetime impacts you factor into your year. And then, on the year at this point, 24% to 25% does reflect some increase in the higher rates in Q3 and Q4 to reflect the onetime events happened in the first half. And we're still working through on the tax rate to optimize that overall.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC: So just so I'm clear. Given your guidance, what would you expect in Q4? What should we assume the tax rate to be in Q4? Because by implication, if the whole year's 24% to 25%, the first half is much lower. Q3 is in line, that suggests Q4 is higher. Am I -- is that correct?
Brian Beattie: It's going to be in the range of about 25%, 26% even for the year as we get through all the onetime costs in the first half.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And if I might, just a question or 2 to Aart on the IP business. Aart, you -- this has obviously been a real area of growth for you, standout area of growth. We showed a big sequential uptick, I believe, with that IP -- no, it wasn't, actually, forgive me. I was going to say you saw a big sequential increase in that, but it was actually a verification. So forgive me on that. Can you talk a little bit about -- you talked about service, some porting costs, et cetera. What are -- within your broad portfolio, what is it that's really hot right now and driving growth? Or is it more bundled sales that are driving growth in IP? And sort of where is the attention from customers focused today?
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, I think top-down, we see a little bit of growth everywhere in the company, but IP clearly stands out. And if you look at what's happening there, is that there are a lot of customers that are now using very large blocks in order to get very quickly to market, a. And so it's interesting that there are a number of customers for example, in the Far East that almost start from scratch, and very quickly have sophisticated chips. This is in contrast to existing companies that have been doing their IP for many years themselves, where the trend towards outsourcing is a natural outcome from 2 things, I believe. One is that, there's a desire to just be more productive and more cost efficient, and designing your own stuff doesn't do that. But the second, thing is that -- and many of these IP blocks, themselves, are becoming very sophisticated, and not every company has the skill set in-house. And so the result for us is that there's been a very high demand across the board for many blocks, from very small to very complex ones, with many requests for porting to an enhanced set of technologies, because simultaneously in the background, there's acceleration towards the smaller geometries. And so we're supporting, actually, a quite broad spectrum of silicon technologies with a very broad spectrum of IP blocks.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC: And Aart, how do you think about the associated service opportunity? Because beyond porting, I would imagine many of your customers would love it if -- and there are third-party service providers of course. But how do you think about where and how Synopsys should play on the associated, somewhat broader than porting, but service, I would think, opportunity? Is there any change there in your strategy?
Aart de Geus: There's no explicit change in strategy. I think the thing -- the term "think about it" is the right word because the challenge with service is always the same. The people that are really interested in top-notch services are also interested in top-notch talents to do that. That tends to be very expensive and not always easy to provide, and therefore the cost equation is hard to completely justify in the business model. And so we're comfortably rethinking that because with the IP, certainly there's an opportunity to be closer to a number of these customers. And we are actually doing some very sophisticated implementations with customers of subsystems, including supporting their processor work and the blocks we provide around that. And so there's an opportunity space there. The financial equation has not been all that simple, so I don't want to jump to any conclusions yet.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC: Right. If I might, one last question, a little bit different topic area. Apple gets a lot of attention for deciding to take in-house app processors and do their own A4, A5. I'm curious, do you think, given what you see in the market, that any other large company might choose to do something similar, where they can get a cost-based flow, do their own design, pay a boundary margin but avoid maybe some of the margin that's going to some of the semiconductor suppliers today? Do think that will become a trend, or is it to your earlier point, that it's very hard, even with IP-based designs, to do some of those. Is that more of a one-off particular to Apple, in your view?
Aart de Geus: Well, just to make clear before I answer, we never comment about any specific actions that one of our customers may take. But in general, what you're describing, we have actually seen at a few customers that are seeing the benefit of being very well -- working directly with us on their most advanced designs, because, by the time you optimize a processor primarily for speed and power and the blocks around that, you're talking about very sophisticated designs. If you add to that, which is a given in that field, that you want to be on the most advanced silicon technologies, you're adding a whole set of other dimensions where the EDA provider, and in this case, you could say also service provider, which we are in these situations, has to have very good connections to the silicon technology. And so this becomes very much a team sport where everybody has to rely on the few partners they work with. And so yes, we have seen some of the large companies that have a very high return on investment by shining in that dimension, that they are bringing in more of design in-house and both for competitive reasons, I have to be, of course, extremely careful with the information. But also for competitive reasons, very aggressively driving the future.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So just to kick off, I want to follow up on the variable expense. Brian, can you quantify for us relative to the guidance that you gave for the quarter, how much over did the variable expense portion come relative to that guidance?
Brian Beattie: Again, we achieved that high end of our target. Our revenue is just slightly up and our expenses are just slightly up to that basis.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Right. But if you look at that midpoint of range, are we talking about the variable expense was $5 million or $10 million higher than what you thought going into the quarter?
Brian Beattie: Yes, I'm not going to quantify on that. Be relative to the amount of accruals we made on that commission shifting. But when you looked at where our guidance was, we came in slightly above that. And just think about that as the timing on the commissions for the total year basis just got put into the quarter. Our guidance into Q3 reflects that our expenses are coming down as we'd anticipate that profiling changes into Q3.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes. I got you. Aart, in terms of the contract duration has continued to come down here. I think it's probably in a healthy way because you're still talking about strong order levels. Is it that you're seeing more of the products being bought, or more licenses of the existing products? In other words, what is driving the healthiness in that demand on the order front?
Aart de Geus: Well, in general, we are not yet on the conclusion that the duration is coming down. I think there's always a fair degree of variability from one quarter to another. But in general, I think our business, we still consider essentially a 3-year business, certainly for the core EDA tools and everything that's sort of in that ilk. Regarding other parts of the business, there, you have a little bit different business model because the IP is not in quite the same vein, and so you can see spikes up and down. And that would, on average, bring the durations down. But fundamentally, I don't think we see a big change in our business model.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I'd be remiss not to ask if you had comments in terms of Japan?
Aart de Geus: Well, obviously, we have seen with stupor the events that happened there, like everybody else. It was interesting to see how, in some areas, specifically, semiconductor technology, the diagnostics were very, very fast in finding out where the real shortcomings were. And it appears that, from what we see, the customers that are hurt are people that are either directly affected in their business, so where their factories have been hit, or that are systems companies that need a variety of almost mechanical parts, and automotive is very obvious in that. In the semiconductor field, after, I would say, about 8 to 12 weeks, the number of commentaries about this went way down, and the expectations is that in about 2 quarters total, this is less visible for the semiconductor industry because alternatives have been found. Now having said that, obviously, a number of Japanese companies are working very hard on reestablishing their business flow. And we are doing the best we can. Initially, mostly by helping them work during the power outages, because many of the software programs run much longer than the 8 or 10 hours that they have. But today, I don't see that there's much impact on our behavior. There has certainly not been any impact on our business.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And last question. You mentioned just over 10% revenue customer. Were there any 10% bookings customers?
Aart de Geus: We never disclose individual bookings. But your revenue performance is still correct.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Paul Thomas with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Paul Thomas - Roth Capital Partners LLC: I guess on the last call, you did talk about 3Q revenue being down slightly and 4Q being down slightly. And obviously, the guidance still implies that for the full year. I just want to understand, was the first half of '11, it was mostly IP and systems prototyping revenue, and that's not expected to follow through in the second half of the year? I guess the in-market drivers you talk about, tablets and mobility, I mean, obviously those things are still in place. So what is it in the second half of the year that's sort of not following through from the first half?
Brian Beattie: Well, just to clarify some of the positions on that. As you look for the first half and the second half, we're still projecting an increase in revenues in the second half, compared to the first half. And just as we identified last quarter, that our second quarter, based on a very high level of visibility we have to all of the contract terms, conditions and project deliverables, they were really scheduled to come in into the second quarter. And they did exactly do what we had forecast. If you wanted to break down, even sequentially from Q1 to Q2, about 2/3 of the increase in the revenues came into the IP and systems group. And clearly, that reflects about a 24% overall sequential growth in IP and systems. So very strong. But even as you look at that, each one of those are specific contracts that reflect on percentage completion in terms of revenue models and specific deliverables that are completed by the engineering teams and delivered in the second quarter. So we had that level of visibility. The other 1/3 of the growth sequentially was in our core business. And it really just reflects the visibility we had to the specific contracts, of when they mature, when they deliver, and when new ones start up, if you like. So that kind of takes you from Q2 to Q3. And then in -- excuse me, Q1 to Q2. And then in Q3, just a very slight decline that we're projecting at this point, just because of the visibility. Very strong growth we have in the customer deliverables in Q2, and still well on track for our total year commitment. And it's all just very normal fluctuations in the contract terms, conditions as we move forward, as we assimilate a number of the acquisitions we had last year and reflect all of that in our business model moving forward.
Paul Thomas - Roth Capital Partners LLC: Okay. Fair enough. That's very helpful. I guess you comment on core too, obviously, being up. That was 1/3 of the growth. But with respect to, I think what Aart said, about high single or I guess, mid to high single-digit, the core EDA growth for the year, sort of your market expectation, that also looks like there's going to be some acceleration expected from that segment in the back half of the year. Is that the right way to think about it?
Brian Beattie: No. I'd say to clarify, on the core business, we are a very good quarter, as we said, reflected in the numbers. On a year-over-year basis, we're up 3.9%. And our indications around the core business is in that low to mid single-digit growth rates for the core business, and then the double-digit growth rate on our IP and systems business.
Paul Thomas - Roth Capital Partners LLC: Okay. Very helpful. Then let's see, maybe the last one. On the duration. So you talked about the 2.8 but still having the expectation for a 3-year average duration. Last quarter, you had some of that because guys were coming back mid-contract to redesign. Was any of that happening in this quarter to bring that to the low end? Or was that mostly natural renewals?
Aart de Geus: A little bit of both, mostly natural renewals. We have a number of products that people are interested in. And so it feels to me a little bit like businesses is back to business as usual before the whole downturn. And in that situation, no contract gets renewed the last day of the contract for a couple of reasons. A, because neither party ever wants to be in a situation where the other party feels that they're being held hostage. But more importantly, because very often, there are new products, there are new capabilities or there are increases in utilization that people want to have. And invariably, our sales team will then take the existing contract and then essentially amend it or scratch it and renew it for the next 3 years or so. And so it feels very much to me like we're into a normal business season.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Tom Diffely with D. A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Just a couple of industry questions for you today. If you look at the several large semiconductor guys, they're talking about increasing the R&D spending by about 10% this year. And I was wondering, in your mind, how close is the linkage today to -- from R&D spending to EDA spending? And how does that translate? Is it a couple of quarter delay before you start seeing the extra spending? And how does that spending materialize at your place?
Aart de Geus: Well, in many ways, this question should have touched directly to the previous one, which is the duration, because as R&D spending jumps up or jumps down, we are much more mitigated because it tends to end up in 3-year agreements. Now the fact that R&D goes up, I think there's no question it's good news. And it ties directly to one of the things that I expressed in my opening commentary, which is that the pressure for time-to-market is on, but it also expresses the fact that a number of our customers are seeing increased emphasis on all the software that's attached to the designs that they're doing. In other words, things are more complex and are under more time pressure. And those are all good things for our industry because that's precisely the core skills that we bring to the party. And our job is to make sure that we have products that they can pick up. In that context, I wouldn't be surprised if we also saw a continuation of growth of the IP reuse business, because that's actually one of the cornerstones to get to market more quickly.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. I was just kind of curious, when you're in the middle of, say, a 3-year contract in the second year of it, and your customers raise their R&D, do you see much pickup in the EDA spend? Or is it for other things, like the IP, that you see?
Aart de Geus: Sometimes. I think whenever a customer has more budget, as you can imagine, their general managers immediately have 10 ways to spend it. And we want to be as close as possible to those people at that time. At the same time, there's also a certain steadiness to what we do and what they do, because -- just because they increase their budget doesn't mean that tomorrow, they have 10% more engineers or do 10% more chips. I think the correlation is not one-to-one right there in that minute. But in aggregate, there is certainly a linkage between the 2, and this bodes well for us.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yes, okay. And then maybe, have you ever quantified the market opportunity going from, say, the 32-nanometer node down to the 22-nanometer node for EDA?
Aart de Geus: Well, this is a question that literally comes back every node. And there's always 2 perspectives, one is the perspective that with every node, people will buy dramatically different tools. And that perspective is just not quite correct. And the reason is that much of the design that's done is being tuned for the next node and actually is predicated on being successful with the previous one, otherwise the degree of difficulty is just astronomical. On the other side of the spectrum though, is the fact that with the new node, and we can it see it very clearly for 28 and now for 20, there are a number of new technical challenges that are actually very difficult to meet. And one of the -- the reason we are particularly bullish on the offerings that we have is because I think Synopsys has an enormous degree of competence, both in its technology and its support and services in these advanced nodes. And not surprisingly, we are involved in virtually every most advanced chip in the world, to help them move there. And so as much as we simultaneously would like to increase our billing to them, the first objective, of course, is to be the chosen partner in that move forward. And I think very often, we are.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. So when you go from one node to the next, you think your opportunities may be better from a market share point of view, market gaining that it is from a market growth point of view?
Aart de Geus: Yes. I think you captured exactly the essence. And we certainly think that we have very high market share in the advanced nodes.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then just finally, any update on the pricing environment? With the improved market, has price become less of a tool for your more aggressive competitors?
Aart de Geus: Well, the reality is it's always a very competitive market. I do believe that with some of the competitors doing maybe a little bit better than a few years ago, there's only the opportunity for focusing a little bit more on the value delivered than focusing on the price. And for the earlier comment of R&D budgets going up, we should aim our pricing at those R&D budgets. Now having said that, it's a very competitive field with a very rapidly changing set of technologies. And so that will never go away. But I don't feel that the pricing has become -- has changed substantially towards the negative, no.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. I appreciate your insights.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we go to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer [ph] from Griffin Securities.
Unknown Analyst - : A question about your IP growth and profitability, a bit of a follow-on to Roger's earlier question. Historically, the IP business has been much less profitable than the tools business, though in your case, I'm sure you've seen improvements in profitability as it's grown. Could you talk about from here, how you think about the margin leverage in the IP business as you continue to see the kind of growth that you have been experiencing? Could you reach your fiscal '11 or fiscal '12 earnings objectives if, for instance, because of the investments you need to make in scaling the IP business, you see little or no margin improvement in that business for the time being?
Aart de Geus: Excellent question, because it is a topic of constant discussion here as to how to balance of these things right. There's no question that the IP business has growth opportunities. There's also no question that we'll need to make investments to build new titles, port to more silicon technologies. And the -- obviously, the investment comes before the revenue. And so in that context, we are focusing on gradually improving the margin in that business, but we're also very much interested in growing the business itself because that opportunity is there. And every year, we visit those questions. And as a matter of fact, during the year, multiple times. But for a given year, we set ourselves a number of objectives. And so in aggregate, just to make clear what we said earlier, we are very much on track for the company to meet the earnings objectives we have set for this fiscal year. As we go forward, we will revisit that exact question because, simply put -- and you will understand this better than we do, it is all about, how do we grow the value of the company? And that is obviously a balance between the profitability versus the growth rate. And this is an example where we have opportunities in both dimensions. So balance will be the key. But so far, I think we're doing very well because we're improving both.
Unknown Analyst - : Second question is with respect to geographic results, specifically in Asia-Pacific, which is now, at least in the first half of the year, solidly your second-largest region and has been showing some very good year-over-year growth, including Q2. The question is do think that you can sustain that kind of disproportionate growth in Asia Pac? And can you talk about the investments that might need to be made in order for that to happen? And is it fair to assume that there's a strong correlation between the Asia Pac growth as a region and your IP business?
Aart de Geus: Well, first, I think we are in a very good situation to continue to do well in Asia Pac for a number of reasons. One, we have established now for many years a stellar team in multiple countries. And when we talk about Asia Pac, obviously, many people immediately focus on China, as being so visible on the world stage. But clearly, there are other countries, such as Taiwan and Korea, that are major participants in the semiconductor market, and to a lesser degree, India and Singapore and a few others. And so it's actually a very broad region that all has its own needs and its own behaviors. And the good news is I think we have very high-quality teams in each region that are well-connected. So from the perspective, will we be able to continue to support and participate in the regional growth? The answer should be a resounding "yes". From the perspective of, is there a big difference in the business types? Well, a little bit in China. I would say, partially because there's much less history than in the other country, but there's also an extremely, extremely rapid learning ramp, partially helped by people that have learned in the West, partially by the fact that the governments have been very proactive in the semiconductor and high-tech segment. And in that context, there are a number of companies that are essentially joining -- jumping, sorry, straight to system-on-a-chip design using losing large blocks, using advanced tools, and not being encumbered by any not-invented-here flows from the path. At the same time though, a number of multinationals are in these countries as well, and are taking advantage of the entrepreneurial and rapid movement. So bottom line is I think we're in a good position from both perspectives, and yes, I do think that we will continue to see, relatively speaking, good growth in that area of the world.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. Just a couple of last ones for Brian. Your service and maintenance revenues, at $49 million, had an unusually large sequential and year-over-year increase. I think this was your best quarter in that category since the fourth quarter of '05. The question there is, is that partly a function of perhaps the waterfall effect of previous bookings flowing now into maintenance recognition? Or was it, in part, tied to the previously mentioned services related to IP?
Brian Beattie: It's the latter part, Jay. The growth in our business now -- almost a $200 million run rate in overall services. Most significant part of the growth is coming from our business units, themselves. And in particular, as I was saying, about half of the growth in the whole systems and IP area is in the services piece itself. So this reflects a number of the acquisitions that we made recently that have a more significant percentage completion model of revenue recognition. So we'll sign up to a project, and as the project is completed, we make the milestones committed to in the contract and we take the revenue. So all of the growth you're seeing there is coming primarily from our services group and some other slight growth from the other business units that's coming through. So that's just reflecting the new businesses we've got and a larger amount of services work that goes along with the new businesses. And I think that's going to continue to grow.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. And then lastly, on the duration question. I understand what you're saying that the recent shortening is not necessarily a structural thing or permanent thing. So the question is, even with an expectation of an average of 3 years, would you foresee doing, or customers asking for, 4-year and 5-year deals? And would you be willing to do those, assuming the run rates were no worse than what you had before?
Aart de Geus: Well, we never comment specifically on our business practices. I would say that in general, the ranges tend to be very uniform for most customers. There are always some exception, and the exception needs to be really justified, why it makes sense either strategically or economically. But in general, I think our business model is relatively uniform.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC: Aart, could you just take a minute and discuss whether or not you think there's any opportunity for sort of software to serve as application service provider type model in EDA? And if so, if you guys at Synopsys are doing anything in that domain?
Aart de Geus: Well, software as a service. There are many, many different forms of that. I can tell you only what we have done or are doing. We recently introduced to some of our customers, a cloud computing capability that is aimed specifically at the simulation field and aimed specifically at the need for some customers to have some peak availability of simulation. And the challenge for a number of customers is they may be late on a project, they see, maybe, an opportunity to go faster to market or so, and lo and behold, suddenly they need 2,000 computers for 2 weeks. Well, many customers cannot either afford it or are just limited by their computer environment, by the facilities, by the process to buy these, et cetera, et cetera. And so the -- what we have available is the capability that, for which we have teamed up with Amazon, to make it possible for customers to literally, on very short notice, have available, let's say, 2,000 computers with our VCS simulator. We charge a price per hour for the customer. And that's, of course, a function of the number of hours that they're willing to commit. Of course, we pay Amazon for the privilege of using their computers. And as part of the business model, the price is not discountable by our field force because that is very important in these type of business models. And we're now looking at is this of interest to customers. We have already navigated through many of the technical issues on how to make this practical, to many of the legal issues on how to make sure that the security is there, to some of the service issues in terms of how can you quickly make it work. But the business model has to still be proven, and this is early. So essentially, literally, just mentioned it to our customers in our users group meeting. And I think the next 12 months will tell if there is some life in that business model.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC: Right. I appreciate that. That was what I was...
Operator: At this time, I'll turn the call back over to our host and presenters for any closing comments.
Aart de Geus: Well, we appreciate the time you just spent with us. Hopefully, you heard that we finished with a very strong and solid quarter Q2 with an excellent outlook towards the end of the year. And as usual, Brian I will take some of your questions after the call. Have a good rest of the day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-02-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Aart de Geus - Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lisa Ewbank - VP, IR Brian Beattie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Saket Kalia - JP Morgan Chase & Co Paul Thomas - Roth Capital Partners LLC Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co. Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC Simran Brar
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Synopsys Inc.'s Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2011. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Beth. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. During the course of this conference call, Synopsys will discuss forecasts and targets and will make other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2010, and in our earnings release for the first quarter of fiscal year 2011 issued earlier today. In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the current report on Form 8-K that we filed today, our first quarter earnings release and our financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I'm happy to report that we started off fiscal 2011 with a strong first quarter, putting us well on track towards meeting our objectives for the year. This is all the more promising against the backdrop of a healthy semiconductor industry. Because Synopsys benefits from a clear industry leadership position, we continue to drive state-of-the-art technology in traditional EDA, and we have achieved a meaningful scale in high-growth adjacencies, such as IP.  From a financial perspective, we delivered revenue of $364.6 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.44. The run rate of the underlying business grew and the outlook for Q2 looks promising. Brian will give you more details in a minute, but let me first make some comments on the current customer landscape.  Overall, our customers communicate a healthy outlook. This confidence is visible in the increased capital expenditures by all the large foundries and IDM, as well as an exciting end market. The wave of new products continues across the board, from consumer goods, such as tablets and smartphones, to new offerings in the industrial, automotive, communication and networking domains. Simply stated, we have entered the age of smart everything, and electronics will become still more pervasive, offering good growth opportunities for Synopsys.  The quest for leading edge silicon to drive advanced products is also visible in the urgency with which our leading customers are driving to new process nodes. 32/28 nanometer designs are ramping quickly, and 22-, 20-nanometer and below developments are in full swing. The complexity and cost of these efforts translate into continued opportunity for Synopsys as they require both advanced EDA and IP.  Against this backdrop, our stated growth objective for the next few years aims at achieving annual high-single digit earnings per share growth. We plan to achieve our objective with five strategies: one, drive organic revenue growth in the low- to mid-single digits for our traditional EDA products; two, achieve double-digit organic growth in our IP and systems adjacencies; three, continue to explore M&A opportunities that broaden our total available market; four, focus on corporate efficiency and allocate resources towards the growing segments in our market; and five, maintain a roughly flat diluted share count of around 151 million shares. In Q1, we executed well on all strategy, and we are well on the way towards our EPS objective for the year.  Let me briefly share some highlights starting with the traditional EDA part of our business. In Q1, we saw a strong demand for our products. Both our contract renewals and a number of incremental sales led to positive growth of our business run rate. Specifically, adoption of our physical implementation solution around IC Compiler is growing with yet another customer deciding to migrate to us after having experienced difficulty in achieving closure with competitive tools. We also made excellent progress with a top graphics company moving to Synopsys for its next advanced chip design.  Overall, we continue to deliver very well from a technology point of view. The summary of our physical design solution achieved a 50% runtime improvement for IC Compiler while adding a powerful new optimization technique for large hierarchical designs. We delivered significant advances in analog simulation, including multicore features, resulting in notable performance improvements. The upcoming DCS simulator release is designed to deliver an amazing 2x speed up in runtime.  And in manufacturing, we shipped a new release of Yield Explorer, which achieved higher productivity by being tightly integrated with our physical design solution. In custom design, we continue to see gradual adoption. One European customer selected Synopsys for both simulation and design after a significant competitive evaluation, and another technology leader chose us for the development of IP for their 20-nanometer process node. Finally, IC Validator, our integrated physical verification solution, continues its customer base expansion with qualification for TSMC 40- and 65-nanometer processes and excellent adoption by customers.  Now let me turn to our high-growth adjacencies, which continue to deliver strong business for us. The IP and systems area will represent about 20% of our revenue in 2011. Thus, reaching scale that is meaningful in driving top-line growth. IP had another excellent quarter as we continue to integrate the Virage acquisition from last year and systematically deliver high-demand IP titles.  More and more customers are actively seeking to outsource what are, for them, non-differentiating but still very sophisticated IP blocks. Our broad, proven portfolio, ranging from libraries to memories to digital and analog interfaces, responds perfectly to this trend. In Q1, we again saw a strong demand for our cores with USB3.0 and PCI Express leading the way. Memory IP had a good quarter as well with releases of the latest DDR digital controller and analog-Fi, and we received our first order for use in 20-, 22-nanometer designs.  In the related systems space, our primary focus is on the intersection of hardware and software design with a powerful prototyping solution. Prototyping is the most efficient way to accelerate embedded software development and system validation. Engineers design with a system-level model of the chip or chips long before the design is completed or manufactured. In practice, this enables software delivery six to nine months earlier. In Q1, our FPGA-based prototyping did pretty particular well as we have evolved the product to better meet high demand.  Good progress also was made on the software-based prototyping side, notably opening up new opportunities in automotive and industrial. Mazda, for example, adopted our virtual prototyping solution, enabling them to save significant time and cost in verifying complex systems such as their electronic control units.  Moving on to our continued focus on gradually broadening our TAM. The integration of our recent Optical acquisition is progressing well, and the results achieved in Q1 are an excellent start to a good integration into Synopsys.  In conclusion, we executed quite well in Q1. We released strong technology, saw good growth, and we see a positive outlook for Q2 and the full year. Overall, we are solidly on track towards our objectives for fiscal '11.  With that, let me pass it on to Brian, who will give you the detailed financial perspective.
Brian Beattie: Well, thank you, Aart, and good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today, I'll summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with our guidance for Q2 and the full year. As a reminder, I'll be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We have provided reconciliations in the press release and the financial supplement posted on our website. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year, unless I specify otherwise. Now Synopsys delivered very solid first quarter results meeting or exceeding all of the quarterly financial targets that we provided in December. Additionally, we achieved solid growth in both revenue and non-GAAP earnings, repurchased $65 million worth of Synopsys shares and exited the quarter with more than $860 million in cash.  Total revenue was $365 million, an increase of 10% compared to a year ago and well within our target range. We delivered revenue growth across all product groups, with particular strength from our IP and systems products. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of first quarter revenue.  Turning to expenses. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $318 million, which included $17 million of amortization of intangible assets, $15 million of stock-based compensation and $2 million of acquisition-related costs. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $280 million, an expected year-over-year increase due mainly to our acquisitions but still at the low end of our target range. As a result, non-GAAP operating margin was 23% for the quarter.  Turning now to earnings. GAAP earnings per share were $0.31, down $0.88 from a year ago. Recall that Q1 of FY '10 earnings included the onetime impact of a $92 million or $0.61 per share GAAP-only tax benefit, which was associated with the IRS settlement for fiscal years 2002 through 2004. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased 7% to $0.44, exceeding our target range, driven primarily by a lower than expected tax rate and to a lesser extent, higher than expected other income and expense.  Our non-GAAP tax rate was 21% for the quarter, well below our target due to certain onetime tax benefits, driven primarily by the reenactment of the federal R&D tax credit during the quarter for fiscal years 2010 and 2011. The Q1 tax rate includes a onetime benefit of $5 million for fiscal year, FY '10. As a result, we now think that a non-GAAP tax rate for 2011 of between 25% and 26% is a reasonable estimate, reflecting the benefit of the R&D tax credit for FY '10 and '11.  Greater than 90% of Q1 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog, while up-front revenue was approximately 7% of total. This is well within our target range of less than 10% up front. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was approximately 2.5 years.  As Aart mentioned, we had a number of incremental sales of additional technology in the quarter. These tend to be shorter in duration than the large contract renewals, and we continue to expect average duration over time to be approximately three years.  Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items. Our balance sheet remains strong with $867 million in cash and short-term investments. Of our total cash balance, 33% is onshore and 67% is offshore. As expected, there was an operating cash outflow of $40 million in the quarter. This was due primarily to the timing of payments of annual incentive compensation to our employees related to FY '10 performance. We are raising our operating cash flow target for the year to $230 million to $250 million.  Now continuing on with our cash and balance sheet items. Capital expenditures were $10 million for the quarter. For the year, we expect capital spending of approximately $50 million to $55 million, which includes planned expenditures to increase our computing and network capabilities due in large part to our fiscal 2010 acquisitions.  During the quarter, we purchased 2.4 million shares of Synopsys stock for $65 million, and we have approximately $250 million remaining on our current authorization. Fully diluted share count was $153.6 million for the quarter, at the high end of our target range, as a result of higher stock price and increased employee stock option exercises. However, I'd like to reiterate that our current approach is to manage our stock repurchases to keep share count roughly flat at around 151 million shares over time. We expect to increase our buybacks from what we had originally anticipated to help us meet this goal.  Continuing on with the balance sheet items. Q1 net accounts receivable totaled $169 million, and DSO was 42 days reflecting a high quality of our AR portfolio. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $602 million, and we ended Q1 with approximately 6,575 employees. This was down from fourth quarter headcount of 6,700 due primarily to the completion of the projects by our transition employees from last year's acquisitions.  Now let's address our second quarter and fiscal 2011 guidance. Our GAAP targets exclude any future acquisition-related expenses that may be incurred in Q2 and beyond. So for the second quarter of FY '11, our targets are: revenue between $386 million and $394 million; total GAAP cost and expenses between $319 million and $338 million, which includes approximately $12 million of stock-based compensation expense; total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $292 million and $302 million; other income and expense between zero and $2 million; a non-GAAP tax rate between 26% and 27%; outstanding shares between $150 million and $155 million; GAAP earnings of $0.26 to $0.31 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.43 to $0.45 per share. We expect greater than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog.  Now our fiscal 2011 outlook. We reiterate that we expect revenue between $1.5 billion and $1.525 billion; a growth rate of approximately 8.5% to 10.5%; other income and expense between $1 million and $5 million; a non-GAAP tax rate between 25% and 26%; outstanding shares between 149 million and 154 million; GAAP earnings per share between $1.03 and $1.20, which includes the impact of approximately $52 million in stock-based compensation expense. And at this early point in the year, we're maintaining non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.67 to $1.77. R&D tax credit benefit I discussed earlier will be partially offset by expected higher taxes in other geographies with the remainder of the benefit primarily used to offset higher share count. However, our Q1 overachievement gives us even more confidence in this range. And as I mentioned earlier, we're targeting cash flow from operations of $230 million to $250 million.  Now finally, to help you with your modeling, let me provide some additional 2011 commentary for expenses and revenue. For the balance of the year, we expect a fairly linear expense profile through Q3 and Q4, while the revenue profile is coming in just slightly lower than what we expect in Q2. For all of FY '11, we expect total non-GAAP cost and expenses to increase generally in line with our targeted revenue growth, give or take a bit. In summary, we're very pleased with our very good first quarter results highlighted by top- and bottom-line growth and continued solid operating margin.  And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Paul Thomas with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Paul Thomas - Roth Capital Partners LLC: Just in terms of the guidance for Q2 and for full year, I guess, if you sort of take the midpoint of the numbers you laid out, you kind of get flat half-over-half. Could you talk a little about what you expect in second half and why we wouldn't see any of the momentum from the first half carry over and maybe also, what in particular is going on in Q2 with respect to that, that seems like it might be reversing in the second half?
Brian Beattie: Yes, let me cover that one. Again, it's fairly early in the year, right? We just completed our first quarter, and we're very happy with better than expected results against all of our key metrics. Q2, with the visibility we already have, as you know, coming in with more than 90% of the quarter's revenues in hand shows a very strong quarter materializing for us. And as we look at the profile ahead for the rest of the year, we just guided in a way that says, "Look, we've got a good first half up and coming, a good performance." We're still in the middle of integrating our acquisitions. It's early in the year. And so again, we just had a good start to both revenue and the EPS targets that we set. So again, expense will fluctuate quarter to quarter, and overall, we're happy to say we're still on track.
Paul Thomas - Roth Capital Partners LLC: Then maybe with respect to the 2Q expenses, I guess. So 1Q was up from comp expense a little bit, and Q2 revenue was a little bit higher. So are there other expenses that are a little bit higher seasonal in Q2?
Brian Beattie: Yes. It's just a seasonal -- if you look at our performance from Q1, typically, the accrued expenses are lighter than the rest of the profile for the year and then it picks up to a more normal path. And that's where I was giving a little bit more clarity around expenses to be roughly flat each quarter for the rest of the year. So again, just Q1, it's very typical to be a little bit lighter and then the rest of the year comes through since we do those accruals regularly over the year.
Paul Thomas - Roth Capital Partners LLC: Just one last one on the license duration. You talked about the shorter duration this quarter, because you had some contracts come back in. Could you talk a little bit about that during the quarter, maybe with respect to the last few? Was that quite a bit more customers coming back in? And sort of any sense for the magnitude of that, that you saw in 1Q versus maybe the second half of last year.
Aart de Geus: In general, I wouldn't pay too much attention to that. On average, the license duration is pretty much the same. Q1 tends to be a smaller quarter, and moreover, we alluded to the fact that we had a few deals that were sort of not necessarily renewals but more additions. And they tend to be shorter, because somebody buys something until the end of their contract, or they may buy some additional IP or so. In general, though, we do not see a fundamental change in the business practices for us, and we remain very solidly centered around the three years.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Raj Seth with Cowen Incorporated.
Simran Brar: This is Simran Brar calling in for Raj Seth. I have a couple of questions. Firstly, Aart, could you talk a little bit about the progress in your analog offering? And secondly, how are you thinking about core EDA industry growth for the year? And are you seeing any material share shift in your business segments?
Aart de Geus: Okay. On the outlook side, we have, of course, a fairly broad analog/mixed-signal business. And in that business, we have a strong position in all the verification side. We have a emerging position on the implementation side. In addition, there are interesting connections between that business and the digital tools, as well as the IP. And on all fronts, we're actually making very good progress. I highlighted the fact that on the verification, we had just fielded some very good speed improvements. On the implementation, we have a number of customer adoptions. This is still a very small business, and obviously, we're playing in a field that has been completely dominated by one competitor for many decades, but the solidity of what we have is actually starting to make some marks. And overall, the fact that we have all of these technologies at hand as we develop the most advanced analog/mixed-signal IP is turning out to be a very good value for us. Regarding the growth rates for what we would call sometimes core EDA or traditional EDA, we've told you that what we're banking on is low- to mid-single digit growth, and that appears to be on track so far. It's only our first quarter. We're in the right direction.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next we'll go to the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Aart, sounds like the IP business is doing quite well. Can you give us an update on the system level business, and particularly, how the integration of the various assets there is going and kind of where you see that market?
Aart de Geus: Sure. And as you probably know, this is a business that is very much aligned with the IP, because fundamentally, it's predicated on the fact that with much, much larger designs, people are both moving up in terms of how they assemble these large designs out of many IT blocks. And as they do that, they get confronted with the reality of there being a lot of software there. And so for those of you not familiar with our path, as much as we have had a few tools, literally, for 20 years at the high end, it is really the last two, three years that we've put a major emphasis on investing both internally and acquiring a number of technologies, all with the objective to provide people an opportunity to model their system or prototype their system, be it in software or in hardware. With the acquisitions of last year, we are in full integration mode right now. And what is exciting is that we've been able to find a good pathway that allows us to both integrate into a new, much more integrated and more powerful version while sustaining and supporting all the existing customers, because the various products we bought also came with a set of customer relationships that are quite broad in terms of the nature. And being able to continue to support them is very valuable, because they are providing us the feedback on where to go with this. So my expectation is that later on in this year, we will be rolling out the first round of integration. There will be multiple rounds. And so far, the customer response is very positive.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Are there any specific products we could look for as that integration rolls out this year?
Aart de Geus: Yes and no, but I don't think that we're quite ready to give the specifics, because there are always people that are very worried about, "Oh, well, is it mine? Is it the other one?" And the reality is we have found a pathway that actually creates sort of a superset of the best features of each one of the tools. We will give a bit of an update already in March at our next Users Group meeting. But in general, I think you should anticipate hearing more, I would say towards the end of the summer, roughly.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay, so not quite that time frame?
Aart de Geus: Well, yes, I'm not sure. Frankly, I don't know if we -- I'm sure we'll talk to customers at DAC as well, and all of these things are sort of work in progress. And because we're so much involved with many customers on different fronts on this topic, there's actually a lot to talk about. And I don't know if we, specifically, will roll out a product or not at that time frame. Frankly, that for us is not all that meaningful given that our own conferences are so extremely well attended and in aggregate, attract more people than DAC.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Brian, a couple of questions just clarifying the guidance. Can you clarify your comments about the revenue trajectory in the back half? Are you suggesting that there might be a little sequential downtick from the second quarter as you moved into the 3Q, 4Q?
Brian Beattie: Yes, that's right. We're showing a very strong increase in our second quarter from our first quarter just looking at the profile of the way the revenue's going to be recognized and then at this point in time, anticipate just a very slight decline into Q3 and Q4 from the second quarter. All of it, again, built into our total year numbers which are between 8.5% and 10.5% revenue growth year-over-year.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: And again, following up on the question from before about sort of the flat EPS, first half and second half. Seems like as you sort of integrate Virage, you should be recovering some of that loss deferred revenue from the purchase accounting, and I would think that would drive some incremental profitability for you in the back half, at least that say relates to Virage. Can you just sort of talk us through where -- how you see that happening? I'm assuming it's baked into your guidance but kind of would have thought it might have drove a little bit more EPS in the back half?
Brian Beattie: Yes, that's correct. Our deferred revenues, you do take a pretty significant haircut up-front on that, and that was certainly the case with Virage. So typically, you start out -- it's our first full quarter with our Virage financials built into that and then over time, you'd anticipate seeing some of the growth in there. So yes, exclusively in that category of the Virage, it anticipates seeing growth quarter-over-quarter. But then putting that in the context of the $1.5 billion overall top-line revenue growth and where the contracts are specifically outlined, as you know, one of the elements of our business model is having a very high level of visibility, and so elements are going to go up. Some of the elements will get variations based on when cash is due, when the collections are expected to come in. And that's just that slight variation that we're seeing right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next we'll go to the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Maybe just one more question on the revenues in the second half. Typically, there's a bit of seasonality, and your fourth quarter provides a nice little uptick in the revenues. Is that not historically the case? And if it is, what's different this year?
Aart de Geus: Tom, I think the seasonality is mostly in our orders. Just because compensation and the workload of much of the sales team tends to want to end at the end of a year, what happens is that in the fourth quarter, a lot of things tend to get closed. For all the renewals, that fundamentally has rarely much impact on revenue. It may have impact on expenses, because the commissions are due for some of these deals, and it may pull in a few things that are sort of add-ons, a la IP or things that were in the works anyway. I think that the last two or three questions seem to be all centered around the fact that, "Well, are you worried that the second half is worse than the first one." No, we're not. I think what we're just saying is that the first quarter and the second quarter happened to be particularly strong. There were also a couple of areas where there was a bit of almost an overhang in demand in prototyping that we're able to execute very quickly on, and many of those tend to be less renewals but more spot sales in the moment. Overall, the business picture is just quite solid for us. And as Brian has said, we have such a good insight in all the renewal deals with their unevenness. Now don't think that the sum of all the deals that we have is an exactly perfectly flat line. The reality is never quite that simple. But it is true that with 80% to 90% in hand entering the year, we do have a substantial amount of insight. And that's why with the particularly strong Q2 guidance, we assume, "Hey, maybe Q3 and Q4 won't quite be that strong on a continuation," But so far, so good.
Brian Beattie: And, just early in the year. And with one quarter behind us, we are pleased with the results. And we'll update you again next quarter as Q2 materializes, and we'll have even more visibility in the second half.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And maybe just another question on the operating margin side. Where do you see those trending over the next few years? It seems like if your IP is ramping and the industry fundamentals are getting stronger, we should see an increase in the operating margin line as well, but it seems like we're kind of stuck here between that 23% to 24% range.
Aart de Geus: Well, there's a reason why you would come to that conclusion, because we have shifted our main financial objective a little bit. And we have shifted it to say our objective is to grow earnings per share. And as you well know, there are fundamentally only three variables, which is revenue, expenses and share count. And to make it simpler, we are trying to remove the share count out of this altogether by holding it flat with buybacks, notwithstanding that any given quarter may have some fluctuation. And so then you quickly come to the revenue versus expenses balance, and the key for us is to really hit the right balance, because if we see the opportunity to grow the top line a little bit more, we want to do that. And in that sense, we're using our expense money right now, already entirely focused on 2012 and beyond in order to maintain good earnings per share growth. If we see that, for whatever reason, the top- line growth is more difficult, we will immediately revert to a higher pressure on the operating margin so that we stay with our top objective of earnings per share growth.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And then just finally, has there been any changes in the legislation, as far as being able to bring your foreign cash back into the U.S.? Any update there?
Aart de Geus: Unfortunately, I don't think there's an update. There are sort of waves of debate in Washington, as you may know. And I wouldn't be surprised if this debate will keep coming back as every government in the world right now is looking for money. In that context, it's just completely unpredictable, and therefore, we don't want to count on that. Obviously, having the cash is a good thing, but we don't want to count on being able to repatriate it at this point in time.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Saket Kalia with JPMorgan.
Saket Kalia - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Saket here for Sterling. Just a couple of questions from our side. So first, understand the downtick in the second half. But in terms of modeling it, should we be taking that out of the up-front revenue, I guess, part of the top line? Or should it be kind of coming from both time-based license and up-front and services?
Brian Beattie: Well, our average balance, as I said, is to have less than 10% up-front activity. And even with the significant level of new acquisitions last year, we're still well within that range of less than 10%. This quarter came in at 7%. So just relative to modeling, if it was a little bit of each, I think it's just the appropriate way in a generic sense of how to look at the profile going forward.
Saket Kalia - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then can you give us -- and I know we talked about the technology purchases, the incremental technology purchases in the quarter relative to the renewals, but can you comment at all on the contract renewals in the first quarter in terms of run rates? And maybe any qualitative commentary on what your outlook is for renewals the rest of the year.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, we actually made, I think, a little comment in the preamble saying that the contract renewals that we had were actually quite good in that we were able to increase our run rates. And as you know, while this is somewhat of a fuzzy number, because it's actually extremely complex to calculate and it's not audited, it is still a metric we use in-house to judge the overall quality of our business. And in that context, first quarter was quite good in that regard. Secondly, we said while there were a few additions that were sort of one-off, so to speak, and I think those are all indications that our customers are looking for some additional technology from Synopsys or some additional capacity, and that bodes well. Going forward, we do see a good pipeline of renewal, and so far, all indications are that we're well on track with that.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Aart, you mentioned strong prototyping sales. I was wondering how much of a factor that is in the second quarter bump up in revenue? And is that maybe why the margins aren't quite what we might expect given that big jump in revenue?
Aart de Geus: I don't think it is that big. I think it's a healthy, healthy business, but relatively speaking, it's small compared to the overall picture. It's just one of many things that appear to be going well. If there's one thing that I think characterizes, not only Q1 but so far, as we can see, Q2 and as a matter of fact, the whole year, is I think we're executing particularly well on many strategies that are actually coming together. And many people realized that last year, we've made many acquisitions. We put many things in movement. We're in full integration of all of this. This is actually a substantial multiyear task, and things are coming together. We're fixing issues and making things better, more efficient, and the response from the customer base on all of those is actually quite positive. But that response has to be earned with every new product and with every new way of doing business. And so it's almost more that many pieces feel like they're coming together very nicely and that we're executing just quite well.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'll turn the conference back over to our host and presenters.
Aart de Geus: Well, we appreciate your attending today. Obviously, this was a quarter that was strong and had a good outlook. And that's probably the reason why the call is also fairly short, and so all the more we appreciate your questions and attending. And as usual, Brian and myself will be available a little bit later this afternoon for any follow-ups. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-05-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - VP, IR Aart de Geus - Co Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian Beattie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Synopsys Inc. Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2010. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Lola. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. During the course of this conference call, Synopsys will make forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2010, and in our earnings release for the second quarter of fiscal year 2010 issued earlier today. In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call, as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information, can be found in the current report on Form 8-K that we filed today, our second quarter earnings release and our financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I am pleased to report that in Q2, we again delivered solid results with in-line revenue, good expense management, slightly above target earnings and strong cash generation. Moreover, we made good progress increasing our total available market for long-term growth. Over the past several years, we have been executing on all fronts. R&D investment, global customer support and targeted acquisitions, all resulting in very solid financials, as we have emerged as a clear industry leader. Let me first summarize last quarter's financial results. We met or exceeded all of our Q2 targets. We delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.41, with revenue of $338 million. We carefully managed expenses and are on track to meet our ops margin target of 24% for the year, and we're heading towards meeting or beating our initial revenue, EPS and cash flow objectives for the year. Before reporting on our strategy and execution, let me address the economic landscape that our customers are navigating and its impact on EDA [electronic design automation] and Synopsys. While the worldwide economy is gradually recovering, the semiconductor industry has experienced a rapid increase in demand. Companies are ramping up chip production as quickly as possible. Most of our customers have reported solid results, are seeing a strong six-month outlook, and in many cases, are reporting capacity shortages. Simultaneously, they do remain cautious, as there is an ongoing focus on cost throughout the supply chain. Semiconductor executives continue to reassess every part of their business and are moving resources to the most value-added functions and projects. Although I would continue to characterize the EDA market as challenging overall, Synopsys is well-positioned to help customers, both in terms of cost and productivity focus and also with the need to accelerate innovation and differentiation. Indeed, we continue to be the supplier of choice for many of these companies. And again in Q2, several customers chose us as their primary EDA partner, including Yamaha, a leader in audio and graphics chips. As companies look at increased differentiation though, through a combination of hardware and software, they find Synopsys a ready partner to drive this emerging quest forward.  Having said that, the implications of the customer landscape on near term EDA growth are mixed. On the challenging side of the ledger, we see cautious buyers, continued customer consolidation, considerable competitive pressures and core EDA budgets that are not growing. On the positive side however, the adoption of 40-nanometer, 45-nanometer and below design nodes is accelerating. IP reuse-based design methodologies are growing, hardware/software co-verification is becoming a necessity and integrated design flows are demonstrating substantial productivity benefit. For Synopsys, this is good news. We continue to lead the industry in advance designs all the way below 28-nanometer, and our highly-tuned product portfolio can handle the most difficult complexity challenges. Our IP is very strong. The interest in system solution is rapidly growing and our R&D engine continues to keep us in a strong technology position. So notwithstanding the overall market challenges, we have been able to hold average run rates roughly flat and are focusing on near-term growth efforts towards the IP and systems adjacencies. Consequently, our strategy remains unchanged: One, maintain our technology momentum, increase our efficiency and expand our core EDA leadership; two, broaden our core EDA TAM by fielding adjacent products and capabilities; three, expand our TAM beyond core EDA by aggressively driving the emerging IP and systems space. Let me begin with some highlights around core EDA. Our R&D investments continue to pay off. Not only have we made outstanding progress in providing leading solutions for the most advanced nodes, but we're also innovating in-house to optimize the design flows for substantial productivity improvements. Indeed, for the second year in a row, our Galaxy Design platform has won the EDN Magazine Innovation Award. The driver this year was IC Validator, which integrates physical verification with IC Compiler physical design. With our In-Design technology, designers can now perform physical verification checks and repairs during design, thereby reducing late stage surprises and unnecessary iterations. Feedback from customers is strongly positive and adoption is progressing ahead of expectations. Driven by the integration of IC Validator and IC Compiler, one of the largest semiconductor companies in the world selected Synopsys to displace the incumbent. In verification, our VCS simulator holds large lead in customer usage for advance designs. In addition, we're increasingly beating the competition in more mature process nodes, with two competitive displacements in Q2, based primarily on better performance and memory efficiency. In manufacturing, Renesas Adopts [Renesas Adopts Proteus OPC], our optical proximity correction for advanced 28-nanometer developments. By providing customers the best combination of accuracy and run-time performance, we can enable a shorter, more cost-effective development cycle.  Now to efforts to broaden our core EDA TAM. Our most notable focus has been the rapid maturing of Custom Designer, our analog/mixed-signal design tool. We now have not only a complete solution but also compelling differentiation, in terms of ease of use and open architecture and tight integration with other Synopsys tools. The quality and size of engagement opportunities have steadily increased, yielding several customer wins, including a competitive displacement at a company designing advanced network IPs. In addition, from reprocess design kits (sic) [process design kits] or PDK support is growing for processes across the board from 180, all the way to 28-nanometer. Another new product, Yield Explorer, is also generating notable customer interest, as it accelerates yield ramp by diagnosing yield issues during design, where major semiconductor companies successfully use Yield Explorer for 90-nanometer and 40-nanometer design, and is now broadly deploying the solution through their organization. And finally, let me address our efforts beyond the core, up into the IP and systems domain. This area is growing well, both organically and through acquisitions. Our strategic vision and investments of the last 10 years are coming together at exactly the right time. Today, IP and systems represent approximately 13% of our total revenue and is rapidly approaching $200 million in annual business for us.  IP had a very strong Q2, with many large semiconductor and systems firms making purchases. The drivers for this success are the following: Major [ph] buy decisions have accelerated, as customers stringently evaluates their cost structures and refocus their engineering on differentiation; in addition, post-recession time to market pressures have increased, forcing customers to quickly move to the new connectivity standards. Since Synopsys not only provides a broad catalog of these IP titles, but also has a strong reputation for quality and performance, we're the natural choice to partner in this area. One of those titles is USB 3.0, also called SuperSpeed USB, a rapidly growing new standards that provide 10x speed up over the previous generation. Synopsys was the first IP vendor to pass compliance and certification testing for SuperSpeed USB, and our product won the EDA Innovation Award for IP this year. We are also seeing strong business in areas such as HDMI and DDR, on both the analog and digital side. During the quarter, we announced our new DDR multi-PHY, which supports multiple standards on a single physical core without sacrificing power or area. Our development importing engines are cranking with dozens of new versions released each quarter. Synopsys is the second largest IP provider in the world, second only to ARM, and is the number one supplier of interface and analog IP. Complementary to our IP focus is our systems strategy. In Q2, we bolstered our already strong offering in algorithmic design and virtual prototyping by closing acquisitions of VaST, a leading supplier of virtual prototypes for automotive and consumer; and CoWare, the industry's broadest and largest supplier of system level tools. The integration of both companies is proceeding with good customer feedback and engagements. We've also further strengthened our portfolio with the introduction of our next-generation rapid prototyping. The new system doubled the size of designs that can be prototyped on a single board, while increasing prototyping speeds by 30%. Customer demand is very high, and we're selling these systems as fast as we can build them. Synopsys has the most comprehensive set of solutions in the IP and systems space and is the clear leader in enabling our customers to accelerate software development, raise the level of design abstraction for efficient chip design and have access to a rich set of IP and model. In summary, Q2 was a solid quarter for Synopsys. We maintained average run rates and made progress in our broadened core EDA TAM. We executed particularly well in IP. We substantially solidified our emerging systems offering. And last but not least, we delivered strong financial results and have a balance sheet that gives us many opportunities going forward. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian Beattie: Well, thank you, Aart, and good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with our Q3 and 2010 guidance. As a reminder, I'll be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We provided reconciliations in the press release and the financial supplement, which are posted on our website. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year, unless I specify otherwise. Now as Aart highlighted, we delivered solid Q2 results, meeting or exceeding all of the quarterly financial targets that we provided in February. Additionally, we continued our stock repurchase program, closed three acquisitions and generated considerable operating cash flow. Now let me provide some additional detail in our financials. Total revenue increased slightly to $338.1 million, at the high end of our target range, with greater than 90% of Q2 revenue coming from beginning of quarter backlog. Our IP and Systems business did very well this quarter, driven primarily by continued strength in our IP cores. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of second quarter revenue.  Turning to expenses, total GAAP costs and expenses were $293.1 million, which included $13.5 million of stock-based compensation, $11.8 million of amortization of intangible assets and $6.1 million of acquisition-related costs. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $257.3 million, an expected year-over-year and sequential increase and well within our target range. The year-over-year increase was due primarily to acquisitions, while the sequential increase was driven primarily by timing of quarterly expenses that we explained last quarter. As a result, non-GAAP operating margin was 23.9% for the quarter and 25% for the first half of fiscal 2010. For all of 2010, we are well on track to achieving our non-GAAP operating margin target of approximately 24%. Turning now to earnings. GAAP earnings were $0.26 per share. Non-GAAP earnings were $0.41 per share, slightly exceeding our target range. Our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 27% for the quarter. And for modeling purposes, we think that a 27% non-GAAP tax rate is a reasonable estimate for the full year. Greater than 90% of Q2 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog, while upfront revenue was 4% of total, well within our target range of less than 10%. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was approximately 2.5 years, influenced by one large two-year contract. This metric will fluctuate quarterly, depending on the mix of contracts signed, but we continue to expect average duration to be approximately three years. Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items. Our balance sheet remains very strong, with approximately $1.08 billion in cash and short-term investments, which takes into account our stock buybacks and acquisitions during the quarter. Of our total cash balance, about 50% is held within the United States. We generated approximately $82 million in cash from operations in the quarter and we are raising our operating cash flow target for the year to $205 million to $225 million. Capital expenditures were $6 million on the quarter and $14 million for the first half of fiscal 2010. For all of 2010, we expect capital spending to be in the range of $40 million to $45 million. At this time, let me briefly outline our current cash strategy, which outlines the following elements: Maintain a high quality conservative risk profile for our cash portfolio; retain maximum financial flexibility; and prudently invest our cash to generate long-term shareholder value, including stock repurchases and disciplined M&A or a combination of both. Now as you know, over the years, we've been active in both stock repurchases and acquisitions. We used approximately $370 million during fiscal '07 and '08 to repurchase over 15 million shares of Synopsys stock. We are not active in repurchasing stock in '09 based on the global economic environment. Now each quarter, we evaluate the best uses of our cash. Our goal for the time being is to use stock repurchases to try to keep our share count roughly flat with first quarter levels, and then to continue to look for the right acquisitions to add to our company. During the quarter, we purchased approximately 1.1 million shares of Synopsys stock for $25 million and have approximately 450 million remaining on our current authorization. We've also been very active on the M&A front, closing six acquisitions during the last 12 months. Now while we contemplated a number of acquisitions during the quarter, we closed three. CoWare, VaST and a small company in the smart verification space, all of which were initially funded from our U.S. cash balance. Now continuing on with our balance sheet items. Q2 net accounts receivable totaled $149.7 million, and we maintained an industry-leading DSO of 40 days, reflecting the high quality of our current AR portfolio. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $544 million and we ended Q2 with approximately 6,000 employees. While we have selectively grown our headcount, primarily through acquisitions, we continue to have more than a third of our total employees in lower-cost geographies. Now let me address our third quarter and fiscal 2010 guidance. For the third quarter of FY '10, our targets are: Revenues between $330 million and $338 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $275 million and $292 million, which includes approximately $14 million of stock-based compensation expense; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $251 million and $261 million; other income and expense between zero and $3 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%; outstanding shares between $149 million and $154 million; GAAP earnings of $0.21 to $0.27 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.36 to $0.38 per share. We expect greater than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog. Now our current fiscal 2010 outlook. We're slightly raising our revenue range with our new target between $1.34 billion and $1.355 billion . At this time, we expect revenue from our second quarter acquisitions to be very modest, primarily reflecting the purchase accounting haircut that is applied to deferred revenue. Other income and expense between $4 million and $8 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%, outstanding shares between $149 million and $154 million, GAAP earnings between $1.56 and $1.75 per share, which includes the impact of approximately $58 million in stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP earnings of $1.52 to $1.62 per share, and we're maintaining our guidance range, even taking into account the small amount of dilution from our recent acquisitions. Now as I mentioned earlier, we're targeting cash flow from operations of $205 million to $225 million. To conclude, we are pleased with another quarter of consistent execution. In addition to delivering solid financial results, we are investing in new and exciting areas that we believe will help drive the next growth cycle for Synopsys. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first we'll go to the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Aart, you mentioned a number of challenging factors in the customer environment, but could you talk about how it compares with one quarter ago or maybe two quarters ago, has it roughly stabled, sort of unchanged or has anything changed to be more challenging in that time period?
Aart de Geus: I would say that in general, it's become more positive. No question about that, in terms of the outlook from our customers. Now they are all reporting the same thing, which is a lack of capacity, thus pricing going up and all in all, that doesn't feel bad for them. Having said that, their sale are maintaining, their watchfulness on the cost side of the equation. And I think that as more money becomes available from an R&D point of view, that money will go on those areas where there can be more differentiation. One key [ph] of evidence for that would be the very fact that we've seen some of these -- the number of designs in 40-nanometer actually tweak up. So that's not a surprise, because last year actually, it sort of slowed down, and now people are catching up. So all in all, I would say it's a better environment.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Would you consider the competitive environment similar to a quarter ago? And how would you say pricing has averted? An anecdotal account of at least one large renewal where there was apparently some very aggressive pricing to try to take share. Can you characterize the competitive environment?
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well I think it finally hasn't changed all that much. I think companies are either trying to survive or trying to grow. Typically, if you have a market that overall is not changing all that much, that makes for a very competitive market. But then you know, I mean they can't be all thinking that it's always been very competitive and that the rate for technology keeps going, and over time, that's what determine how well the company does. I don't know about any specific deal that you're referring to, but I can only communicate that on the large things we been doing. We've been able to maintain essentially a flattish run rate of slightly positive, so far so good for us.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: So would you characterize bookings as on track for the year, relative to expectation?
Aart de Geus: Absolutely.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Brian, with respect to the acquisitions, can you give us a little more sense of the revenue contribution? I mean, can we assume that your base revenue as a sense for guidance was essentially unchanged and that the incremental addition is from the acquisitions? And also on the dilution front, can you give us any sense of how many EPS of dilution there might have been?
Brian Beattie: Yes, absolutely. When you look at our guidance for the year, we have factored in the three new acquisitions into that guidance, and effectively tightened our range and raised that slightly to reflect that. The core business itself, all of the existing business is right on track for the year as well. So we've raised it, just really to reflect the acquisitions in there. As you know, with software purchase accounting, there's very significant haircuts that come in, and we indicated that while the expenses fully come in as the employees come on board, we did reflect about a half a quarter of expenses in the base. So it becomes slowly diluted for the year, as what we indicated. And not withstanding that, held on to the total EPS guidance that we issued earlier. And then looking out to next year, clearly, we'd expect still some impact from that haircut, from the deferred revenues that we acquire, but clearly, that will be built into our revenue guidance that we projected in December for FY '11.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Do you think they could be neutral or accretive next year?
Brian Beattie: Well, typically again, these are smaller type deals. They're typically dilutive for the first 12 months. So I think we'd start to see a positive contribution from those in FY '11.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next, we'll go to the line of K.C. Rajkumar with RBC Capital Markets.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: With half the year behind you guys, what's your sense for next year? In particular, what would you say is the basis order of contract expiry into fiscal '11? Is it more first half loaded or is it more like second half loaded?
Aart de Geus: Obviously, we'll give more precise guidelines at the beginning of the year. But I don't think that there's anything that is out of the ordinary in terms of more or less renewals. And one of the positives of course of our model is that it is extremely stable, and that we managed the backlog in such a fashion that we have an ongoing good cash flow and good profitability level. On the other hand, it's also true that we will gradually come out of the recession because the contracts are very stable. And once that is the case, then there's an opportunity to work with customers, say, what else do you need, and have you grown your R&D expenses?. So we are really preparing for that late in the year '11.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Have you folks seen any change in the year-over-year from your customers based out of Europe?
Aart de Geus: Not really. As a matter of fact, we've done reasonably well in Europe, given the situation that the entire continent is facing. I think the question mark, that's the macro question mark, not just for us but in general, is going to be what are the currency fluctuations that come out of the fact that Europe is now going through the realigning of some of its issues, but that has nothing to do with us. And so overall, in Europe, we've done quite well and that includes by the way, good efforts on the Custom Designer side, where we've had some very active and very successful customers with it.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Which leads me to ask Brian, are you guys adequately hedged to currency fluctuations?
Brian Beattie: Yes, we are. The company has a full hedging program, and I'd just lay it out for a second for you. All of our revenue currencies, our U.S. dollars, except for the yen, and we effectively hedged on a rolling basis going forward for revenues. So we're already as you'd imagine, halfway covered through FY '11 on the hedge for revenues. In the other currencies in the countries we operate, where local currencies come into effect, we have all the major currencies hedged and we have a rolling forecast of those hedges. So again, no surprises as we approach the year. We'd anticipate having 60%, 70%, 80% even, of all our expenses fully hedged, both expenses and revenues, for a matter of fact. So we'd be very good shape and very predictable.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: And lastly from my side, would you have any comments as sort as to your IP for systems concerned, with regards to the recent acquisition by Cadence of Denali?
Aart de Geus: Well, I don't think it changes much, in terms of the overall landscape. We clearly have invested in this area now for a long period of time, and have built a, not only a great portfolio but also a great business model and a great ability to deliver high quality. Now in parallel to that, we, as you have seen recently, have increased our efforts to also provide the systems of verification and design solution, and the CoWare and VaST acquisitions were just recent manifestations of that. But obviously, in the last two years before that, we have already invested there. And so as we're looking at this picture, it is only our believers that turned amount of the, or a substantial amount of the functionality is moving from the chips to the System-on-Chip, and the System-on-Chip, by virtue of its terminology, includes those software and hardware. And as a matter of fact, most semiconductor vendors have more than half of their engineers on the software. And so our business really is in three dimensions, that is the systems dimension, the RTL and its physical dimension, and all three are quite well aligned for that.
Operator: And I'd now like to turn it back for closing remarks.
Aart de Geus: Well, that was quick. I assume that, that means that our comments were what you were looking for. As usual, we are available for questions afterwards, and we appreciate the time you've spent with us. Have a good rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you, for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-02-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank – VP, IR Aart de Geus – Chairman and CEO Brian Beattie – CFO
Analysts: Richard Valera – Needham & Company Ryan Goodman – Bank of America Sterling Auty – JPMorgan Jay Vleeschhouwer – Ticonderoga Securities K.C. Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Synopsys Incorporated earnings conference call for the first quarter of fiscal year 2010. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator instructions) Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, I will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Tony. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys, and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. During the course of this conference call, Synopsys will make forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2009 and in our earnings release for the first quarter of fiscal year 2010 issued earlier today. In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the current report of Form 8-K that we filed today, our first quarter earnings release and our financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I am happy to report that we started the year with great energy and momentum, and obtained excellent results in Q1. We delivered revenue in line with expectations, solid expense management, and earnings slightly above target. In addition, we made a number of strategic moves that we believe will increase our total available market substantially in the long-term. We feel that 2010 will be a year of positive evolution for Synopsys. Before I share some of our strategic perspectives with you, let me briefly summarize last quarter’s financial results, where we met or exceeded all of our Q1 targets. Specifically, we delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.41, with revenue of $330 million. Through disciplined expense control and focus on efficiency, we are on track to meet our ops margin target of 24% for the year. These results were achieved under our predictable business model, with more than 90% time-based revenue. With yet another strong set of technology deliveries and continued excellent field execution, we are solidly on track to meet our targets for the year. Now to our strategic direction. As we introduced to you in our last earnings call, we see 2010 and ‘11 as the time to benefit from the economic recovery, while actively broadening our opportunity space. We are pursuing three fundamental strategies. One, accelerate our execution momentum and expand our core EDA leadership. Two, broaden our EDA TAM [ph] by aggressively fielding adjacent products and capabilities. Three, expand our TAM outside of core EDA by aggressively driving the emerging systems space. Before elaborating on our strategies, let me briefly describe the customer environment that is the backdrop to our actions. Whereas the macro economy is still somewhat mixed, and most executives continue to be focused on risk and cost management, the plethora of new electronics applications will help semiconductors be one of the key growth segments in the economy going forward. Just looking at new products shown at the Consumer Electronics Show, one finds massive growth in mobile Internet devices ranging from smart – or I should say, very smart phones, to notebooks, netbooks, tablets, and e-book readers, all featuring the convergence of what used to be simpler, stand-alone applications. There are immense bandwidth and complexity drivers in high-definition, 3D video, and Internet protocol TVs. There are new growth opportunities in low-power management, smart grids, and automotive. And bringing it all together, we see mobility and Internet connectivity on a scale that dwarfs anything seen so far. With China and India consumer bases simultaneously expanding at a rapid clip, the growth opportunities for electronics appear very robust. For semiconductor executives, this landscape presents growth opportunities requiring redeployment of existing resources, even while the short-term economic situation forces a focus on cost management. This widely opens the doors for Synopsys. Designing and verifying all these complex new products requires great technological sophistication in chip design, but increasingly also in the crucial interaction between hardware and software, which brings me to our latest strategy acceleration, expanding our TAM outside of core EDA up into Systems. Over the past several quarters we have made great progress into this space. Specifically, we added major new capabilities in the automotive and consumer segments to augment our ability to model and verify complex systems. With the acquisition of VaST, we are not only adding a number of key connections to customers, we also added some important processor models and are already engaged with one of our primary EDA partners in this area. The addition of CoWare, which we announced last week, would grow our capabilities in the consumer space, most notably with strong relationships in Japan, and with technology aimed at verifying hardware and software simultaneously. One method to accomplish this is virtual prototyping. This capability is promising, as most system companies now perform these tasks internally in an ad-hoc fashion, yet are increasingly interested in outsourcing to a well-structured and complete commercial solution. Complemented by our FPGA-based rapid prototyping, our solution will compete well with more expensive and in unwieldy emulation products, enabling system validation on a much broader scale than before and allowing customers to accelerate embedded software development. Finally, in the systems area, I would like to highlight our silicon IP business, which is growing very nicely as the outsourcing of non-differentiating IP accelerates amid the convergence of cost pressures and the availability of high-quality products. We’ve seen high demand for almost all of our titles, from analog IP to connectivity standards such as HDMI. One exciting example is the new USB 3.0 standard, which was highly visible at last month’s Consumer Electronics Show. Synopsys has been the leading provider of USB interfaces for a while, and was the first to bring to market a complete IP solution of this latest incarnation. USB 3.0 is more than 10X faster than previous versions and capable of transmitting live high definition video. For example, a movie that used to take hours to load can now take just minutes. This opens the door to many exciting new products, and indeed the standard is rapidly gaining momentum. Super-speed USB 3.0 is a complex piece of IP with very sophisticated analog/mixed-signal capabilities, which brings me to our second strategy, broadening the Synopsys EDA TAM. In this area, Custom Designer is a great example of how we built a very competitive capability from scratch in a market segment that has seen limited innovation for a long time. In December, we released a greatly enhanced version, and with Synopsys having over 450 analog/mixed-signal designers, all of our new analog IP products are being designed using our own Custom Designer. In Q1, we also acquired a small company with excellent shape-based router technology that we believe will accelerate and expand our product differentiation. We’ve already seen a number of customer tape-outs, including most recently a chip used in Digital Imaging Systems’ high-performance camera modules. Another promising product is Yield Explorer, a recent addition that is finding traction with customers focused on improving their chip COGS by diagnosing yield issues and thereby accelerating yield ramp. It’s another good example of growing our adjacent EDA capabilities by effectively straddling design and manufacturing. This brings me to the center of gravity of the company, our strong core EDA solution and our opportunity to further strengthen its category leadership. Our primary partner program continues to make excellent progress, as we help our customers reduce or at least stabilize their total cost of design, while providing increasingly integrated solutions with steadily improving productivity metrics. There are many examples of where this is happening. We continue to see migration to Synopsys and away from competitor tools. At one large customer, use of Synopsys’ implementation and verification solutions increased from about 40% of total to about 90%. In another case, the customer was able to reduce the number of vendor tools from four to one. It’s important to note that these transitions are not easily done, and they occur over time. So the very fact that we can see tangible progress is very positive. As we help our customers become more efficient and automated, they can increasingly re-purpose their most precious engineering talent towards more differentiating activities. In Q1, Synopsys again released a broad set of technology enhancements ranging from substantial multi-threaded, multi-core speed increases to major advances in integrating complete design flows. Our ability, for example, to do physical verification directly in the design flow with IC Validator saves substantial design time. At yet another large international customer, we are displacing our competition as they standardize on IC Validator for their 32 nanometer design flows. The strength of IC Compiler and the integration with IC Validator combine to provide a truly state-of-the-art physical implementation flow. The integration of VCS-based simulation and low-power verification is another example of great innovation rapidly increasing customer impact. Toshiba Information Systems, for example, was successful in verifying the low-power functionality of a mobile multimedia application, and they can now reuse the verification infrastructure for additional designs. In analog, TSMC has adopted CustomSim, which brings together multiple transistor-level simulations in an integrated solution, for its sub-40 nanometer memory INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY characterization. We also made a small acquisition in the simulation acceleration space, as we continue to invest in technology enhancements. Bringing this all together, our Lynx Design System helps customers who want to shift internal CAD management resources to more differentiating projects. For 65 nanometer and below, Lynx provides a comprehensive design system, with built-in methodologies, foundry-ready checks, and an advanced management cockpit. The complete low-power flow can be up and running in just a couple of weeks. In summary, Synopsys is executing very well and we are on the move to expanding our total available market. Our technology and support engines are providing our customers the best guarantees for success, and many of them now want to also engage more closely with us to help them differentiate with their customers. That means an expanded role that requires expertise beyond traditional EDA, down to manufacturing, and increasingly at the intersection of hardware and software. Our internal investments and recent acquisitions are all aimed at driving our strategy and growth in that direction, and 2010 promises to be an exciting year for Synopsys. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian Beattie: Thanks, Aart. And good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with our Q2 and 2010 guidance. As a reminder, I’ll be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We have provided reconciliations in the press release and financial supplement, which is posted on our website. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Now, as Aart highlighted, we continue to execute well, meeting or exceeding all of the quarterly financial targets that we provided in December. Total revenue was $330.2 million, well within our target range, with greater than 90% of Q1 revenue coming from beginning-of-quarter backlog. Our IP and systems business again performed very well, achieving double-digit growth in Q1 and the trailing four quarters. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of first quarter revenue. Turning to expenses, total GAAP costs and expenses were $275.1 million, which included $17 million of stock-based compensation, $10.7 million of amortization of intangible assets, and $1 million of acquisition related costs. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $244 million, which was slightly below our planned range and declined 2 percentage points compared to a year ago, even with the addition of the Analog Business Group from MIPS Technology. The decrease was driven primarily by timing of quarterly expenses, including external professional services, some hiring, and other one-time expenses that shifted out of the quarter, along with company-wide cost control. As a result, non-GAAP operating margin was 26.1% for the quarter, a very good start towards achieving our goal of approximately 24% for the entire year. Turning now to earnings, GAAP earnings were $0.88 per share, substantially above our target range and up from $0.37 a year ago. This was due to the one-time impact of a $91.6 million or $0.61 cents per share GAAP-only tax benefit associated with the IRS settlement for fiscal years 2002 through 2004. There was no non-GAAP P&L impact as a result of this settlement. Continuing on with earnings, non-GAAP earnings of $0.41 per share slightly exceeded our target range, due primarily to timing of our quarterly expenses. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 27.6% for the quarter. And for modeling purposes, we think that a 27% non-GAAP tax rate is a reasonable estimate for the full year. Our revenue visibility remains strong with greater than 90% coming from beginning-of-quarter backlog. Upfront revenue was 6% of total, well within our target range of less than 10%. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was 3.2 years. Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion in cash and short-term investments, which of course was prior to the VaST Systems acquisition we closed earlier this month. It also does not include the expected impact of the recently announced definitive agreement to purchase CoWare. Of our total cash balance, 49% is held within the United States. As expected, there was an operating cash outflow of $45.4 million in the quarter. This was due primarily to the typical Q1 payments of annual incentive compensation to our employees related to FY ‘09 performance. Continuing on with cash and balance sheet items, capital expenditures were $8 million in the quarter. And for 2010, we now expect capital spending to be in the range of $40 million to $45 million, which includes planned expenditures to consolidate our Bay Area facilities to reduce long-term expenses. During the quarter, we purchased approximately 1.2 million shares of Synopsys stock for $25.3 million and have approximately $475 million remaining on our current authorization. As Aart highlighted, we are excited that we closed the acquisition of VaST Systems Technology as well as signed a definitive agreement to acquire CoWare. The terms of these deals are not being disclosed, but we do not expect these transactions to have a material impact on 2010 revenue or our non-GAAP earnings for 2010. Over the past six quarters, we have closed five acquisitions, in addition to the definitive agreement to acquire CoWare. And as we’ve recently highlighted, we are well positioned in 2010 to more aggressively put our balance sheet to work. Q1 net accounts receivable totaled $142 million and DSOs were 39 days, reflecting the high quality of our current AR portfolio and the timing of invoices. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $547 million. We ended the quarter with 5,875 employees. This was an expected year-over-year increase, due primarily to the acquisition of the Analog Business Group, but down slightly from our Q4 headcount. Now let me address our second quarter and fiscal 2010 guidance, which is a base case that naturally does not assume any future acquisitions or stock buybacks. For the second quarter of FY ‘10, our targets are, revenue between $331 million and $339 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $278 million and $295 million, which includes approximately $17 million of stock-based compensation expense; Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $252 million and $262 million; other income and expense between zero and $3 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%; outstanding shares between 148 million and 153 million; GAAP earnings of $0.22 to $0.28 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.38 to $0.40 per share. We expect greater than 90% of the quarter’s revenue to come from backlog. As a result, our current fiscal 2010 outlook is, revenues of approximately $1.33 billion to $1.35 billion; other income and expense between $4 million and $8 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%; outstanding shares between 149 million and 154 million; GAAP earnings per share between $1.55 and $1.74, which reflects the one-time tax benefit I highlighted earlier and includes the impact of approximately $68 million in stock-based compensation expense; non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.52 to $1.62; and we are targeting cash flow from operations of $200 million to $220 million. Finally, to help you with your modeling, let me provide some additional 2010 commentary for revenue and expenses. For the balance of the year, both total revenue and total expenses, we expect a sequential increase in Q2 followed by a moderate decline in Q3, with Q4 then showing a sharper sequential increase. For all of 2010, we currently expect to maintain our 2009 non-GAAP operating margin as well as operating income. In summary, we are pleased with our Q1 financial performance and are positioned very well for 2010 and beyond. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator instructions) And our first question will come from Richard Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Thank you. Good afternoon. Aart, I was wondering if you could give any qualitative commentary on bookings in the quarter, including any progress on the few slip deals you mentioned last quarter that from the 2009 into 2010?
Aart de Geus: Sure. As you know, we don’t give any specific color to the bookings expect for the fact that we have de facto reiterated that we are on track for this year and the bookings only support. So fundamentally, as expected, and my own sense is that business has returned to be a little bit more normal than the equivalent Q1 of last year, which of course was a very radical quarter in every aspect. So fundamentally we are in good shape.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Great. And I don’t expect much of a change here, but in terms of renewal run rates, are you maintaining the flattish run rate that we’ve been seeing for the past couple of quarters?
Aart de Geus: Yes, I think flat to up is probably the way we would characterize it right now.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Great. And then with respect to CoWare, this technology has been around for a while. And I guess for a long time a sort of missionary sales that they can be getting some progress there in terms of accelerating the deployment into the market. Do you have any specific ideas of how you can accelerate the deployment of the CoWare tools in terms of both using your larger sales force and/or tying it together with some of your existing products?
Aart de Geus: Well, at this point in time, this deal is not closed. So it’s a little early to give specific details on what we would do. But generally if you look at the systems area, it’s a very broad space. And I think even in my intro comments, I made a couple of comments around the fact that in the core implementation of the application, people are really focusing on the productivity. In the systems space, they are really focusing on how do they get the attention of their customers. And that increasingly mean how can they best support the development of applications that are exciting, and therefore the whole interaction of this boundary between the hardware and the application software is growing in importance. And so I think you’re correct in stating that the whole systems arena has been a missionary arena for a long time, but (inaudible) is starting to come here.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Okay. That’s helpful. And then finally, Asia-Pac looked like it was pretty strong from a revenue perspective this quarter. Is there anything beyond sort of normal quarterly noise in there, or should we – is there anything more we could read into that as far as the strength of Asia-Pac?
Aart de Geus: No, I don’t think you can read anything in the specific number for the quarter because these tend to fluctuate. I’ve always been saying, hey, you have to look at the longer period of time, and there you would see that Asia-Pac of course has been doing well, which is not a surprise given the sharp evolution of the economies that are involved there, and I expect that to gradually continue over the coming years.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Okay, thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question in queue that will come from the line of Ryan Goodman with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ryan Goodman – Bank of America: Hi, guys, thanks. I had a question on the OpEx. I think I understand there is going to be a bit of an uptick in the guidance for the next quarter and that sounds like more of a timing issue. Maybe I’m reading too much into it, but you lowered the share count a little bit in the FY ’10 forecast, but there was no change at the EPS level. Any chance you could just add some color what’s going on there?
Brian Beattie: Yes, Ryan. What we’ve looked at is a lot of the expense savings that we saw in the year, as I said, related to primarily some of the external professional services, some of the hiring and other costs. And anticipation is most of that shifts in the Q2 and beyond in the quarter. From our other areas, we are just continuing. Of course, we have to acquire the assets and people from the VaST Technology stream that’s built into our guidance as well, starting this quarter and moving through the rest of the year. And other than that, our share count is down slightly. We did a small buyback in the first quarter of just over 1 million shares. And I think we’ll start seeing the impact of that. And of course, it ties to the price of the stock as well that’s in the guidance.
Ryan Goodman – Bank of America: Okay, cool. Thanks. And then on the cash flow, I noticed that didn’t move as well. It was a little better than I had modeled. And it seems to just be after a better start on the year. I’m still – I know this came up last quarter too, but can you talk a bit about why you are taking what I would consider a bit of a conservative bias there? I mean, it seems like revenue is doing fine, the bookings in particular are looking to be a good year. So why guide where you are in the cash flow now?
Brian Beattie: Well, I’d say, first off, we have a very good forecast and our history has become very, very close to those cash forecast because of the way we profile out planned collections by customer by quarter over the next three years. So it’s fairly close to the actual profile, and that gives you the most collection item. And then you’ve also got your expenses, which we have to manage. So again the fact we are reiterating a positive cash flow of $200 million to $220 million is a pretty strong signal. We’ve started a negative 48, which is pretty typical, which is even better than last year’s numbers. But as you see, it really ties into the net income flow and it does over time match up with the EBITDA less the taxes paid in a long-term profile. So we think it’s very appropriate. We still have three years of the year to go, and we will get tighter as we get through, but we are fairly confident with $200 million to $220 million range for ’10.
Ryan Goodman – Bank of America: Okay, great. And then I just have kind of a high level question for what you’re seeing out there. In terms of the semiconductor market itself, I mean it’s been out to a nice start for the year. R&D spending looks to be fairly well, but there is already starting to be some chatter that there is going to be an inventory build, which could catch up with the semiconductor market, at least by the back half of the year. Could you talk a little bit about implications you see for that just to the EDA market in general?
Aart de Geus: Sure. Fundamentally, we see that there are very few implications because what you’re describing, we have already seen for the last quarter as we talked to semiconductor executives because they knew that they were replenishing inventory, they knew that the first half was probably going to look pretty solid and probably the second half ultimately – the market needed to find a natural balance. For EDA, we are a relatively stable industry, and for Synopsys specifically, I think we are in a very good shape, because if there is one thing that the semiconductor execs will continue to do is they will stay careful on their expenses. And therefore there is going to be a continued attention to how productive can they be with their tools, and that has certainly been the core tenant of our main strategy for a while and thus I think we can help them to be successful.
Ryan Goodman – Bank of America: Okay, great. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question in queue that will come from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. I have three questions. The first one is, the comment about the run rate being flat to up, can you characterize what’s driving that contract’s run rate value? Is it that you actually are getting more licenses per engineer or more products? What constitutes the value in that run rate being flat to up?
Aart de Geus: How many ways can I say yes? It is absolutely that we are rolling out more technology, the utilization is up. And fundamentally, we have the benefit of a number of customers that are gradually migrating towards us. And so it’s fundamentally [ph] yes to your question.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: And I guess the pushback is, I wasn’t looking for a yes or no. We are in an economy where unemployment is 10%. There is also arguments as to how much that hit the R&D engineering department and your core customer base. I think it’s great that it’s flat to up. I think it’s a positive sign, and I was hoping that’s what you’ll hear. But I often get questions from clients saying that they just have better utilization with more licenses per engineer, or is it that because of the smaller design nodes, it’s all about more products per – that are needed to design. So I think there is just an – to connect the dots and understanding that’s needed by the investors, to understand how the run rates can grow from here.
Aart de Geus: Sure. I apologize. I didn’t mean to be flip at all. Let me take it in layers. The first layer is, with the exception of last year seeing a few companies disappear, where a number of certainly of the top engineers got rehired. I’m sure there are some people that are unemployed. But in general, I would say in the engineering ranks with chip design, we have not seen massive lay-offs. We see people really trying to tune their companies and reduce their out-of-pocket expenses. But they all know very well that the engineering resources are very precious. So, no major change there. Secondly, we do see that a number of engineers are using more copies of given software per engineer, and this is especially true in areas such as the application where, be it simulation of some of the other tools, the more you do, the better the product gets. Third, we do see that people are still moving forward towards the more advanced node and the more advanced nodes do have a number of capability requirements that do stress the extremes of the tools. And so people will try to buy the best possible tool they can get, and we are often in that class. So all of these have moved together, and I cannot say that I see a sharp downturn economically in terms of engineering utilization or engineering period at this point in time for the last 15 months. And similarly, I don’t think that there is going to be a sharp upturn because people will remain focused on cost, but that is actually not bad for Synopsys as we are very much focused on their productivity per engineer.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: Got it. Next question is for Brian. In terms of the expense timing, as you mentioned contractors, but can you give us a little bit more detail in terms of was there anything in terms of either will it be sales commission on timing of deals or do you have maybe more accruals because the G&A line seemed to be an area that came in much lower than I would have expected in the quarter?
Brian Beattie: You’re right. It was all the areas other than commission. They basically came in per the plan, but it was really under-spending of some of our legal costs, some of the other G&A-type expenses that we had for the quarter. Hiring across the board, really just a start out of the first quarter, we had a one week shutdown, for example, which helped take down our expenses in the quarter as well. And again, that is back to business as usual in the second quarter. So just shifting out those expenses through Q2 through Q4.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: Okay. And last question is, on the cash from operations, the improvement that you saw year-over-year, can you connect the dots for me in terms of was there anything there from the tax payment, was there anything there in terms of whether the compensation level that you pay in the first quarter may be not as big as what you saw last year? What were the big items that help that improvement year-over-year?
Brian Beattie: Yes. I’d characterize, again, a reduction that was nice, about $80 million in the prior year. This year it came in about $40 million as an outflow still and primarily related to lower expenses that we saw in the fourth quarter. The actual payments in terms of variable compensation are down year-over-year. And I think that is what contributed to the performance, plus again it’s very susceptible to cash collections from particular customers or cash outflows. And I think that kind of characterizes mostly related to still some lower expenses under variable compensation in 2009.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: All right. Thank you.
Brian Beattie: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) And we will take our next question in queue from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Ticonderoga Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Ticonderoga Securities: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. Brian, another cash flow question. In terms of getting to your range for fiscal ’10, would it be fair to assume that given the net income outlook for the year that you would have to have something in the order of a $50 million to $60 million improvement in working capital versus fiscal ’09, for example, in accounts receivable, deferred and the like. And if so, could you perhaps talk about how you achieve that level of improvement implied for fiscal ’10? Secondly, with respect to the acquisitions of CoWare and VaST, would it be fair to assume that given how small they are and also given the services requirement of their respective businesses that neither is particularly profitable and perhaps you could talk about ways that you can improve upon that profitability once you’ve acquired them?
Brian Beattie: I’ll maybe take the second question first, Jay, in a way looking at the acquisition. In our guidance, we have included the VaST acquisition since it has closed. And CoWare, as you know, is subject to the normal government reviews and so it will be factored into our guidance going forward. Nonetheless we indicated that they would not be material to the FY ’10 revenues or to the earnings impact. And with every deal, we look at the expense state to identify the synergies. We look at the key skills that are required to deliver what we build as our business case. And obviously, that’s the way we’ve done it. And we’ve done, I’d say, as I said, five acquisitions in the last six quarters, with one more pending. And so we’ve gotten very good at the integration process and the flow through there, and still are targeting on the same level of operating margins we have while we expand into additional segments to expand our TAM. If I look at the overall cash flow for the year, I think it’s very consistent on a year-over-year basis. This year, the guidance of $200 million to $220 million compares to $37 million. It matches up with some of the slight reductions we’re seeing on the earnings level. Most of those earnings, as you know, relate really to the non-operational items that we saw coming into the year. The other income and expense, some of the foreign exchange impacts, a slightly higher tax rate, as we shifted from ’09 to ’10, and it’s very consistent with that net income shift. The rest related to working capital is very consistent. Industry leading DSOs in the 30s and our collections are looking very, very well, even stronger than what we saw in ’09 as we now exited through the recession and our customer environment. So again, very confident, and $200 million to $220 million for FY ’09 operating cash flow.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Ticonderoga Securities: Two follow-up questions. Aart, on the last call, you mentioned a new metric, logo profitability. And I’m wondering if you could describe any notable trends you may be seeing there across your largest customers. In other words, are there any significant differences among your larger customers in terms of profitability and for the ones that may not be so profitable? What are the ways to improve upon that? And then finally, there was an enlargement in your duration where Cadence had somewhat a shorter duration in the last quarter. So a little bit more of a gap between the two of you now in duration. Perhaps you could comment on that.
Aart de Geus: Well, I’ll be careful to talk about logo profitability given that every customer would like to know about everybody else how well they are doing, and it’s non-stop looking at ways to improve their own outlook. What I was probably alluding to although I must confess I don’t quite recall what I said at that time, is that we are in a face of the industry where efficiency, productivity, profitability actually really matters. And therefore many customers are focusing on how can they become more effective in the task that they are doing potentially at lower cost, potentially with fewer people in order to be able to invest more in those areas where they can differentiate more. And in that sense, we ourselves follow the same line of thinking, which is how can we execute as well as possible all the things that we have done so far while investing and growing the total available market around us. And so we have to live up in many ways to the same profitability improvement objectives internally as our customers do, and I think we’re pretty much in line with that thinking. Regarding duration, fundamentally we’ve said for long time we are very steady around the three years that can go up 3.2, 3.3. It can go down to 2.6, 2.7, 2.8. It varies from one quarter to another. But in essence, our business model is remarkably stable. And so far so good with that. I have no indication of change whatsoever.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Ticonderoga Securities: Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question in queue that will come from the line of K.C. Rajkumar with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
K.C. Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets: Hi, guys. How would you characterize the EDA spend for the year? Cadence had made an estimate of 1% to 6%. Would you say that’s a right ballpark?
Aart de Geus: We can comment only about really our numbers at this point in time. We are extremely stable in our core businesses. As you can see, we are now investing in some of the areas that would not traditionally be called Core EDA, and we see great opportunities there. I think 2010 is far from over. Earlier, somebody mentioned that customers on one hand were optimistic about the first half because they see a lot of demand for the business and indeed even some shortcomings in manufacturing capacity. They are still very cautious for the second half. And all of that tells me that it’s probably going to be fairly steady for the year. But we certainly had a very good Q1 and feel strong about our year. And so that’s the answer and that’s only when it comes [ph] for Synopsys.
K.C. Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets: When you talk to your customers, do you guys sense that they are planning to increase their EDA spend on average this year compared to last year?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think that on the Core EDA, they will probably stay very focused on how to improve the efficiency. And I think they are going to increasingly look at where to put their R&D money to see if they can increase their differentiation when interacting with their customers. And there are a number of areas where they can obviously do that because you can’t differentiate by having smaller chips and cheaper chips, and that takes an enormous amount of very sophisticated engineering work. And we are well equipped to help them with that, which can also differentiate by providing more of a system solution. And the term system-on-a-chip is actually well chosen about ten years because we are here today and we can see that more than 50% of the engineering employees in our customers are already software employees. And so I suspect that we will see more spending in that direction. And by the way, that’s one of the key reasons why we have also invested in broadening our TAM in that same arena.
K.C. Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. You folks mentioned that you don’t want to expect material revenue and EPS (inaudible) from VaST and CoWare this year. Would you expect something along the lines of (inaudible) next year?
Aart de Geus: Well, the first year in acquisitions like this, they are all with financial haircut. There is a partial year and so on. And I think we made very clear statements that for this year it’s fairly immaterial. Obviously, we do this with the whole purpose to grow our business. And so yes, it will have an impact on next year and moreover we think that our system strategy will have even more momentum than it’s already starting to see.
K.C. Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets: And I guess looking to consolidate the various assets that you guys have acquired in systems into one continuous product so that it can better leverage or serve them and (inaudible).
Aart de Geus: Well, one has to understand that the system arena is actually a huge market. There are many different things that go under that banner. And many things that are interacting from deep software involvement to very sophisticated hardware application techniques, all the way to touching some of the physical edges and looking at the optimization of architectures. And I’m just naming a few here. And so what is interesting is that the focus on this area is growing as the customers are starting to see an opportunity to differentiate themselves more there. And obviously there are different bets. And earlier, one of the speakers mentioned the fact that the term missionary endeavor was very appropriate for the last decade or so. Well, I think at this point in time, there are so many technical challenges in this area around verifying systems, around modeling complex IP, there are many opportunity for us. And so certainly from an infrastructure point of view, we will seek out immediately efficiency, but from a technology roadmap point of view, I think we will talk about that when we are much further along.
K.C. Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets: Lastly, into this year and next year, would you see the systems and the IP segments as going faster for you guys than EDA – than the Core EDA?
Aart de Geus: The answer in general terms is yes. And we’ve seen that already with IP. These are new areas. They are today at least in the markets that we play in much smaller than what we do in Core EDA or adjacencies to that. But the problems that it’s quite substantial. And so yes, we do think that there will be more growth there and that is precisely the reason why we are investing there.
K.C. Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re most welcome.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have no additional questions in queue. Please continue with any closing remarks.
Aart de Geus: In that case, thank you very much for spending time with us. We are looking back on a strong Q1 and we are looking forward actually to a year that’s shaping up in very interesting terms for us. And as usual, Brian and I will be available for any questions or comments that you have afterwards. Have a good rest of the afternoon.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T’s Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-12-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Aart de Geus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Brian Beattie - Chief Financial Officer Lisa Ewbank - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Raj Seth - Cowen & Company Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Co. Rich Valera - Needham & Company Ryan Goodman - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to Synopsys Inc.’s earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call I will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded.  At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Doug. Good afternoon everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. During the course of this conference call Synopsys will make forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, our actual results and performance are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2009, and in our earnings release for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009 issued earlier today. In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this call, as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in the current report of Form 8-K that we filed today, our fourth quarter earnings release and our financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that I’ll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart J. de Geus: Good afternoon, I’m happy to report that we executed well in Q4 and in fiscal 2009 we delivered revenue growth, margin expansion, strong cash flow, significant customer momentum and numerous new technology roll outs. Given the extraordinary nature of the year for the overall economy, let me comment on our financials mostly from a fiscal 2009 perspective. The bottom-line is simple, we met or exceeded almost every goal we set at the beginning of the year and most importantly we entered 2010 with a great deal of strength. Specifically, with $0.33 in the quarter, we delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.75 for the year, that’s 5% or $0.09 above the midpoint target we communicated at the beginning of ‘09. With Q4 revenue of $338 million, we grew our business 2% to $1.36 billion for the year. Through disciplined expense control and focus on efficiency we improved non-GAAP ops margin over last year from 23% to 24%. These results were achieved under our predictable business model with more than 90% time based revenue. We aggregated the year with $2.2 billion in backlog and $1.17 billion in cash. In summary, over the past 18 months, Synopsys has undergone a remarkable transformation with 2009 representing a turning point for our business. Our many years of technology development are now clearly making a difference with customers. Turning to our customers, the recession set up their alignment with fewer key suppliers. What began as a technological necessity, the integration of flows and platforms for better and faster design, accelerated for intense cost reasons. As customers were driven to rethink their expense structures and make meaningful changes. These changes are still ongoing, so let me briefly address the economic environment. Semiconductor markets are rebounding from a very tough first half with semi revenue now expected to be down 10% to 15% from last year, a welcome improvement of our previous expectations. Looking forward, there is still a good amount of uncertainty regarding holiday sales and stable business levels for next year. While the rush orders are driving up volume and prices, the lack of visibility causes continued frugality and streamlining of operations. As some of you know in an ad hoc fashion I have been calling executives around the world about their outlook on the recovery. Their perception of the economy is remarkably uniform. They all express some optimism regarding a gradual return to growth, but they also think there is almost a 50-50 chance of a more challenging outlook or even potential W pattern that is another downturn before a sustained recovery. What this tells me is that although our customers are orienting their companies towards returning growth, they will remain quite careful in terms of expenses. Looking forward into fiscal 2010, we are therefore setting conservative expectations as we account for the uncertainty around us. From a planning perspective we entered the year with an overall business run rate that is roughly flat, a testament to our strength in the phase of considerable customer stress in the first of the year. Our backlog is strong. We have over 80% of targeted 2010 revenue and more than 90% of Q1 already in hand. Without factoring in any future acquisitions or stock buybacks, we expect non-GAAP ops margin to remain steady on slightly lower revenue, and non-GAAP earnings to be slightly down in parts due tough year-to-year comparisons of tax rate and OI&E.  We also expect cash flow to be strong or to increase and several new technology rollouts to extend our innovation leads. Brian will give you more specifics on both the past and coming year, but looking back Synopsys executed extremely well in ‘09 and is poised for 2010 with momentum and strength. From a technology perspective, we drive three objectives. First, deliver best in class technology across all our products to enable customers to create differentiation in their chips. Second, deliver solutions integrated across tools, IT, design flows and methodology, to enable our customers to achieve high productivity and predictability. Third, provide top notch global engineering services and support to help our customers reduce their overall design cost and risk. To that end, in ‘09 we invested assertively in R&D and in our technical support resulting in a strong product roadmap and broadened customer relationships. Key semiconductor companies such as Juniper, Sunplus, Intel, Marvel, Panasonic, Renesas and more than a dozen others are counting on us as their primary EDA partner. During ‘09, a number of companies successfully migrated to Synopsys and are achieving the increase in effectiveness that they had hoped for. Let me provide some technical highlights from the year starting with our Galaxy implementation platform. IC Complier, our product is the cornerstone to designing the most advanced chips in the world. This year, in addition to an advanced router that delivers 10x performance and better quality of results, IC Complier has been significantly enhanced with multicore and low power features. Multicore capabilities were also expanded to our entire sign off solution thus completing the migration of Galaxy to the most modern compute infrastructure. With IC Validator we then introduced a new physical verification solution that took both technology and integration a significant step forward. What’s unique about IC Validator is that physical verification can now be accomplished within the implementation flow long before sign off thus considerably reducing turn around time and the number of iterations. This is a meaningful productivity advance and customers such as Toshiba, Nvidia and the common platform alliance are already recognizing the power of IC Validator in their advanced applications. We also made excellent progress in bringing together tools and flows with the introduction of our links design system, the result of many years of internal development and testing Links is a differentiator for Synopsys. Developed for 65 nanometer and below, Link features a complete, open, production proven digital design flow with built-in methodology, foundry ready checks and an advanced management cost base. Links has direct impact on total cost of design and gives customers instantaneous entry into a proven low power design flow. Another major accomplishment in ‘09 was the introduction of custom designer for analog mixed signal design. Not only did we deliver a very strong first product in an area previously dominated by another vendor, but customers have already completed a number of production tape outs including the latest by Digital Imaging Systems. An expert in analog system design for the mobile market, Digital Imaging completely replaced its old flaw and was able to tape out this custom designer in less than a month. While newer companies with little legacy infrastructure were the natural initial targets, we are now seeing incremental acceptance at a number of larger customers. At One we have seen substantial lead in terms of acceptance. As a result of One Group’s success this company’s CAD group is now willing to provide Custom Designer across their company. Another very large customer has made Custom Designer plan of record for its latest advanced chip. Turning to verification, our Discovery platform continues to perform very well in both digital and analog mix signals. In digital in ‘09 we extended our multicore capability to VCS resulting in a 2X improvement in speed. Given the increasing cost of verification speed improvements of this magnitude significantly impact overall design time and reduce the compute infrastructure cost as well. In fact our tracking clearly shows that the majority of the advanced designs in the world use VCS as their main simulator. In analog verification, our key introduction in ‘09 was CustomSim, a single multicore solution for analog mix signal simulation. By complaining the speed and accuracy of what used to be three separate tools we developed a flexible easy to deploy solution that has strengthened our offering. Moving up into systems, we delivered several key enhancements to our former rapid prototyping platform including the acquired technology from CHIPit. Most chips today are in fact complex hardware-software systems, thus the breadth of our solution ranging from high level system simulation to virtual platforms to FPGA based prototyping, all the way to broad functional and analog mixed signal simulation put Synopsys at the forefront in dealing with one of the most pressing issues system level design. Closing off with our IP business. We made excellent progress in ‘09 here as well. IP is a powerful component of our portfolio especially as an intense focus on reducing cost, drives companies to accelerate the outsourcing of non-differentiating projects. For example, we estimate that every other day a chip is taped out using a Synopsys USB core. In addition, we have substantially grown our collection of cores into many new technology notes expanding protocols beyond USB such as PCI Express, SATA and HDMI. In ‘09, our portfolio was further broadened into the analog mixed signal space through the acquisition of the analog business group for mixed. The integration has gone very well and the customer reaction has been especially positive. All of this adds up to a very strong year in a difficult economy. A number of customers are putting their trust in Synopsys for their future and are in the process of migrating to our solution. Financially, the impact will occur gradually but we can feel that Synopsys has excellent momentum entering fiscal 2010. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian Beattie: Thank you Aart and good afternoon everyone. In my comment today I’ll summarize our financial results for the quarter and fiscal year 2009 and provide you with our 2010 guidance. As a reminder, I will be discussing some GAAP and non-GAAP measures for our financial performance. We have provided reconciliations in the press release and financial supplement posted on our website. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year over-year-year unless I specify it otherwise. Now, as Aart mentioned, we executed well against our targets in wrapping up an outstanding year. In a challenging environment we achieved growth in both revenue and non-GAAP earnings, generated considerable operating cash flow and expanded our non-GAAP operating margins, which position Synopsys very well for 2010 and beyond. Let me now provide some additional details on our financials. Q4 revenue was $338.3 million, a decline of 4% compared to a year ago, but well within our target range. Annual revenue was $1.36 billion, a 2% increase over our revenue for all of 2008. The IP system space did very well for the year while consulting services declined as customers focused on reducing cost by delaying some engagements especially in the first half of the year. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of Q4 and fiscal year revenue. Turning to expenses, Q4 GAAP costs and expenses where $313.4 million which included $11.6 million of amortization of intangible assets, $14.1 million of stock-based compensation, $4.5 million of facility restructuring charges and $1.2 million of in process R&D. For the year, GAAP costs and expenses were $1.152 billion, which included $45.5 million of amortization of intangible assets, $56.9 million of stock based compensation, $4.5 million of facility restructuring charges and $2.2 million of IP R&D. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $279 million in Q4 and $1.034 billion for fiscal 2009, up very slightly from $1.026 billion in 2008, but below our original 2009 expense budget even with our recent acquisitions. As expected, Q4 and non-GAAP operating margins declined sequentially to 17.5% due primarily to traditionally higher Q4 expenses. For the entire year we exceeded our non-GAAP operating margin commitment by achieving 24% an increase of approximately 100 basis points over 2008. Now entering 2009, our management team was fully prepared to react quickly on expenses should the environment materially change. As a result, when the EDA and semiconductor industry was becoming increasingly turbulent we proactively aligned expenses with moderating revenue growth.  By diligently managing vendor and contractor costs, compensation and headcount related expenses and discretionary spending; total expense growth was less than the revenue growth for the entire year. With a continued focus on operational efficiency, we currently expect to maintain our 2009 non-GAAP operating margin as well as operating income for all of 2010 even with slightly lower revenues. Turning now to earnings, GAAP earnings per share were $0.13 for the quarter and a $1.15 for the year, down from $0.32 for Q4 of last year and a $1.29 for all of 2008. As you recall, FY08 earnings included a one time $17.3 million tax benefit or $0.12 per share associated with the IRS settlement for fiscal years 2000 and 2001. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.33 for the quarter and a $1.75 for the year. As Aart mentioned, our yearly achievement is considerably above the mid point of our original targets primarily as a result of our lower than expected tax rate and higher than expected OI&E. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 21.8% in Q4 reflecting a more favorable geographic mix and 25.4% for the full year. For modeling purposes we think that a 27% non-GAAP tax rate is a reasonable estimate for 2010. Our revenue visibility remains strong with 95% of Q4 revenues coming from beginning of quarter backlog. Upfront revenue was approximately 5% of total for Q4 and all of FY09, well within our target range of less than 10% even with the inclusion of hardware sales. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter and fiscal year was about three years as customers continue to have a high degree of confidence in the strength of our technologies position over the long term. As expected, backlog declined due primarily to the timing of the large contract renewals. Recalling that 2008 ending backlog included a notable positive impact from currency benefits it did not recur in 2009. While not material, we also saw several customer bankruptcies during the year resulting in the removal of less than $50 million in backlog. With bookings of about a $1 billion in 2009, our total backlog at the end of the year was $2.2 billion as customers continue to wait until closer to the contract exploration to renew. Our model affords us the ability to be flexible in the timing of contract renewals, so they make sense for both parties. Our solid run rate at the end of the year is a testament to the effectiveness of that flexibility. And finally as Aart mentioned we have greater than 80% of our target revenue in hand for the coming year and more than 90% for the coming quarter. So turning to our cash and balance sheet items, we ended the year with $1.17 billion in cash and short term investments. Of this balance, 52% is held within United States. We generated $61.5 million in cash from operations in the quarter which included a one time $19 million tax prepayment to the IRS as part of our tentative settlement for years 2002 and 2004 resulting in $236.7 million in operating cash flow for the full year. While we are still awaiting final approval of our IRS settlement, I would like to reiterate that if the tentative settlement becomes final, there will be no material non-GAAP P&L impact. It is expected to result in a decrease in GAAP income tax expense as a result of the new FAS 141 accounting rules which take effect in 2010. 2009 operating cash flow exceeded our original expectations due primarily to expense management and improved customer collections environment in the second half of the year and lower tax disbursements due to some one time benefits. At this time, we are targeting operating cash flow of approximately $200 to $220 million in FY10. We also expect our operating cash flow quarterly profile to be similar to last year with a net operating cash outflow during the first quarter of 2010 due primarily to timing of our annual incentive compensation payments. So, continuing on with our cash and balance sheet items, our capital expenditures were $12.1 million for the quarter and $36.7 million for the year, down from $38.9 million last year. For 2010 we expect capital spending to increase to approximately $45 to $50 million due primarily to some additional expenditures as we consolidate our bay area facilities to reduce some long term expenses. We did not repurchase stock in the quarter and had approximately $500 million remaining on our current authorization. Our intend is to continually evaluate the best uses of cash each quarter, including company operations, investments and stock repurchases. We believe again here we were disciplined in our deployment of cash in 2009 while retaining maximum flexibility in a tough economy. We are well positioned in 2010 to increase our strategic uses of cash as the economy begins to improve. Q4 net accounts receivable totaled a $127 million and our industry-leading DSO declined 2 days sequentially to 34 days reflecting the high-quality of our AR portfolio and the timing of invoices. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $588.7 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 5930 employees, this was an expected year-over-year increase due primarily to the acquisition of the Analog Business Group from MIPS Technologies, but down slightly from our Q3 headcount. Now, let me address our first quarter and the fiscal 2010 and guidance, which as Aart mentioned, is a base case that does not assume any future acquisitions or stock buybacks. For the first quarter of FY10 our targets are revenues between $325 and $333 million. Total GAAP cost and expenses between $206 million and $286 million which includes approximately $15 million of stock-based compensation expense, but does not include any impact of the IRS tentative settlement. Total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $245 and $255 million, down from $279 million in Q4. Non-GAAP other income and expenses between zero and 3 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%, outstanding shares between $148 and $153 million, GAAP earnings of $0.23 to $0.28 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $0.38 to $0.40 per share. We expect greater than 90% of the quarter’s revenue to come from backlog. Now our fiscal 2010 outlook. Based on what we know now we expect revenues between $1.33 and $1.35 billion. Non-GAAP other income and expense between $4 and $8 million. our non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%, outstanding shares between $150 and a $155 million, GAAP earnings per share between $1.01 and a $1.20 which includes the impact of approximately $60 million in stock based compensation expense, but do not include any impact of the IRS tentative settlement. Non-GAAP earnings per share of a $1.52 to $1.62, slightly down from 2009 earnings driven primarily by a higher tax rate, lower OI need and higher share count. And again, cash flow from operations were approximately $200 to $220 million. Finally, to help you with your modeling, let me provide you some brief 2010 expense commentary. At this time we are expecting a fairly linier non-GAAP quarterly expense profile throughout the year with Q4 showing a slightly sharper sequential increase which is very typical for our business. So, in summary, Synopsys had a very successfully year despite the many challenges in the global marketplace. We entered 2010 in a stronger competitive position from a financial, technology and customer standpoint by being fiscally conservative and investing responsibly. As a result, we were able to deliver strong profitability while expanding our technology leadership. With that I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Raj Seth - Cowen & Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Brian, in Aart’s prepared remarks suggested that your outlook, your guidance was a bit conservative given the environment. I am curious if you can talk a little bit about what assumptions you have made on run rate renewals which I guess this year was slightly less than par, in your guidance what sort of assumption are you making? Because Aart also talked about orders increasing, I’m just trying to figure out what exactly that means.
Brian Beattie: Well, you are right. As we looked at our 2009 rates, and we were signaling during the year as you recall that we thought slightly down run rate coming in terms of our revenue profile as we went through the year. So then, as we look then at the 2010 profile itself, we did modify the revenue outlook very slightly just taking into account the profile of the transactions we had, the fact that we anticipated our services business to come down in one of those areas that in 2009 with our customers preferring to reduce rather than investing in third parties outside the services. So, effectively, we have seen a flat run rate in 2009 and then build our plan on top of that for 2010.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: So, just so I am clear, your 2010 plan assumes flattish run rates or does it assume growth in those renewals, I wasn’t quite clear.
Brian Beattie: Well, as you know we have already got 80% of the revenue from F4 2010, so a very significant amount that is already factored into guidance that we built in. And apart from that we will have to see how it goes for the new deals as we approach a contract. We do anticipate we noted that we do expect orders to increase this year, and we factor that into our revenue guidance.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Brain, one more and then one for Aart. You mentioned backlog which came down $400 million, obviously some of that is large contracts like Intel that roll off before they get renewed. You mentioned a currency impact last year, some bankruptcies etc accounting for maybe $50 million, less than $50 million, how much was that currency impact that you talked about, how big an impact was that?
Brian Beattie: Well it’s fairly significant, it was about $80 million. At the end of ‘08 that was factored in our backlog, as you know our one currency is not US Dollar based, for revenue is the Yen, and that’s a pretty significant ramp up during 2008 of course. So, you are right, as we look at the backlog for this year, we did indicate right upfront that we anticipated a moderately lower book-to-bill ratio and then of course we did have a number of deals that we thought bankruptcy is occurring, we took all of that out of our backlog.  Then I think the last point as well is that there were a couple of deals that we had scheduled up for the end of ‘09 that moved into 2010 and in fact on of those has already been signed for the year, and that’s pretty typical where you see deals and that’s the beauty of our business model where deals will come up for renewal and we have already had on of those significant deals that wasn’t closed by the end of ‘09 but closed already this quarter.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Okay, thanks. Hey Aart, can you talk a little bit about growth here? I mean the big question people always asking is does EDA really grow. If you assume that the semiconductor industry and I think this is consistent with our last conversation grows, I don’t know, 6%, whatever your number is, does EDA grow more or less than that and why. What’s your view on what growth? It’s hard year to year to tell, but given model shifts etc. but perhaps you could talk a little bit about that.
Aart de Geus: I think it’s a good point that it’s hard to tell, largely because semiconductors fluctuate greatly up and down, and certainly these part of EDA industry have a high degree of stability by virtue of having multi year models.  So, if you look at our numbers for example between ‘08, ‘09 and ‘10, you essentially see that during this massive fluctuation we are essentially flat. That’s the way to look at those two and half years. And after that I think we will be right in tune with sort of the average of the semiconductor industry. If you look at the semiconductor projections, obviously the year is not quite finished, but people would say probably minus 10 to minus 15 down this year probably up from next year, and so an aggregate over that same period of time, the semiconductor industry will be down. And so, relatively speaking, we are actually doing well compared to the industry that feeds us. Now, having said that, I think the thing that is not visible in all of these numbers is that during this very difficult time around us we have been able to maintain extremely high degree of stability of our financial model and continue to invest and invest and invest in many technologies and position, and because of that we are entering 2010 in a landscape that I think in my opinion is still very questionable around us with an ability to take quite a number of actions.  So in that sense, I think we will come out of the overall recession a very strong company, and I think that is actually the interesting story under the story here.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Last quick one, would you consider a dividend given the stability of the business cash flow generation etc?
Aart de Geus: Not at this point in time, and off the school never say never, but I think we have a large number of opportunities in the coming year, and there is a good reason why we have been sitting on our cash all of ‘09, we are happy that we did that. We think that the landscape is changing in 2010 and we want to look at now substantial opportunities to invest in growth. And so, I think a dividend does not accomplish that, there are other ways of cause to return cash to the shareholders, but one of them is clearly to drive for substantial additional growth.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: I know you can’t be very detailed on across my last one, but you’re implying, you are obviously looking at M&A increasingly this year. Are there any particular adjacencies that are interesting, is there any think you can give us around the kinds of areas where you might look?
Aart de Geus: Your opening sentence was correct; we can’t give you much detail here. I think what one should think about it is that as a company we’ve been able to position ourselves very strongly in what we do, and I think that the opportunity for us is to start looking at things that are on the adjacency as you said, meaning in areas to grow our [TAM] not just a stronger penetration of the [SAM], and so I think there are many opportunities because we are a company that have connections to many customers that need a lot of technology.  So, I won’t go into too much detail now, but I want to look at 2010 as certainly a year where we should reap some of the benefits of the capital management we’ve had in the past years, and just to make sure I am complete, there are a number of people that have also asked about buybacks that is also a possibility and we are very careful in looking at what are the financial ramifications on any one of these approaches, and there is a reason why we were very cautious in ‘09 and you only have to open the Wall Street Journal to see what the reasons were.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company.
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Co.: A couple of questions; first Aart, just kind of to continue down the same path, I think we all understand how you viewed your technology position and product portfolio to improve your market position with your customers through this downturn. But do you believe that you have used your balance sheet at all to improve your position with your customers over this last 12 months period, because that was one of the things I think we were really focused on relative to your peers, as a competitive advantage and I’m not sure how that’s helped.
Aart de Geus: Well, so, I think fundamentally we have not used our balance sheet. On the contrary we have build up our balance sheet. There are a couple of small exceptions, maybe the one exception that stands out as having been very valuable is the acquisition of the analog mixed signal business from MIPS that has really been a very, very good move, but in general we have very purposefully build our balance sheet precisely because in the midst of a storm you are very careful, and at some point in time the opportunities will show up. Secondly, I would want to highlight that we have spent substantially in R&D, so that’s in the P&L, and we have been able to maintain 30% or so expenditure there, and one of the reasons that we feel very confident and the technology roadmap and technology being prepared for 2010 is because of those investments. And so, you put all of those things together and you say, well, what we have really done is strengthened and solidified our position, our traditional position I would almost say, and prepare the company for taking advantage in a landscape that has changed a lot. Now, last but not least, a number of customers have sold us in the very fact that we are financially solid as they have decided to team up with us for the long term. And so, I think all of these puzzle pieces have the potential to really come together in 2010 assuming that there is no major additional economic disruption.
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay great. And then, if you take a look back over the last 12 months, what do you think has happened to the total available engineering seat count that you sell into?
Aart de Geus: Well, fundamentally I think the seat count has not changed because a number of engineers has not really changed all that much. However, the word seat count is a little bit misleading, because there are a number of seats that are perfectly capable of triggering a lot of tools.  So, if you take made the extreme example of Verification, where engineers literally spawn off dozens of projects or have run simultaneously, the utilization of software overall is massively up. And so, from that perspective there is no doubt in my mind, whatsoever that our technology is smack-dab in the middle of what is needed in semiconductor land, it’s also clear that our customers are facing quite a bit of pain and so during ‘09 is not the time to go ask them for lot more money, but those things will rectify themselves in the not too distant future.
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then just one final question for Brian. Brian, so you can avoid having to put out an 8-K maybe tomorrow morning, you guys commented that orders would be up next year, do you expect orders to grow more than 10%.
Brian Beattie: Yes, we just want to indicate that the growth in orders is going to go up from 2009 levels, you saw our performance during the year. I think we indicated leading into ‘09 that we came in at about a $1 billion of orders, and anticipate that to grow, but that’s really all we can say. So it’s going to go up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera - Needham & Company.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: I guess following up on that, last year your were good enough to talk about the book-to-bill you expected specifically that you expected I guess less than one for the year and that proved out. Can you talk about what you expect the book-to-bill to be less than one, one or greater than one this year?
Aart de Geus: No, I don’t think we want to comment on that, and probably shouldn’t have commented last year. But in all certainty last year, the year was radically different than anything could have expected from the outside.  Let me give you maybe some other insight, which is, clearly if there is one thing that has changed in 2009 on bookings, is the approximate time line when things get close, but has not changed to us, it may have changed for others, not changed for us is the length of the deal. It tends to be three years and that our run rate was flat. What has changed is that the time to closure tends to be much closer to the ends of the contract, and that makes complete sense, because in a massive disruption the first thing people do they do nothing and that’s what we saw in the first couple of quarters of the year, and then they remained cautious unless they see that the future is more assured. That is not a bad thing for us, that is precisely why we have a good backlog and why that is useful. Now, in 2010, the situation may change and therefore actually to know exactly what the book-to-bill is hard to predict. The reason we can still say that we expect orders to be higher than this year is because we obviously have quite a number of targets for our sales team on the basis of things that are in the reasonable timeframe of what should be renewed. But aside of that I think we are managing in an environment that is much more turbulent and precisely because we have both the mechanism and the controls we can be very comfortable in managing efficient environment. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Okay. And I guess just to follow up a little bit, but it sounds like if your orders are just up a little bit relative to last year, and I forget, Brian, did you say it’s roughly a billion or a $1.1 billion, I’m not sure, but that would imply a significantly less than one to one book-to-bill, sort of eat more backlog and I’m just wondering at what point that would tend to imply I would think a lower revenue run rate than exiting the year in 2010 than you started the year with.  So just trying to get my hands around, how we should think about, because most people at this point really want to think about you guys in terms of 2011 really, I know it’s a long away, but this year is sort of a down year based on a tough 2009, I think we understand that. But I think people want to try to get their hands around whether in 2011 there is a reasonable chance of seeing some growth, not perhaps a lot but not another down year.
Aart de Geus: Rich let me take that. First to, just on terminology, Brian said quite a bit up in terms of orders, but that’s actually not the relevant thing, it was another part of your question which was the run rate, we do not see the run rates go substantially down, the only question mark on that really would be if there was another way of companies going either bankrupt, which we don’t expect or a number of companies recombining or being acquired, disappearing.  So all in all, we actually think that 2010 will be a strong year for us and we have been able to replace revenue from those companies that have disappeared quite well in 2009. I’m actually amazed at the fact that even after a number of substantial bankruptcies we were able to manage a flat run rate. So, I don’t think that that is going to get much worse in ‘10, again I don’t want to keep repeating this caveat, well, what if there is a major downturn in ‘10, I don’t think it’s super likely but it’s not impossible.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Sure. And then Brian, just wondering if you could just talk about the longer term cash flow from ops trends. You have talked in the past about how that should trend, I think sort of towards your operating income or sort of higher than the current level, is there anything you could talk about to give us a sense of where we should see cash flow from ops trending over time in a more normalized environment?
Brian Beattie: Yes absolutely. We are really proud of the achievements this year, of course driving $237 million of operating cash flow in the year and the model is mature enough that we see ourselves continuing to generate in that kind of level. Specifically for 2010 we put in $200 million to $220 million and it really kind of lines up with the operating income, but takes into account that we do have an increase in our tax rate effecting for next year. We’ve done all we can on the net income if you go back to the operating level we have kept that operating income flat year-over-year even with a slight reduction in the revenue so we’ve got expenses coming done year-over-year. And then you look at other elements sort of below the operating line, such as OI&E which is coming down here just based on some of the FX gains we got in ‘09 based on reduced interest rates of course in the market. So, from an operating perspective, we are in good shape that’s flowing through in the cash flow. There is a couple of the one-time below the line items which aren’t as good at this point as we outlook to 2010, and all of that flows through very close for us in terms of the operating cash flow which we would anticipate again being over $200 million in 2010 as we approach it. Moving beyond that it does track very closely to an EBITDA metrics less our taxes, our cash taxes that we pay, and that will tend to track along with EBITDA over the next few years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Goodman - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. 
Ryan Goodman - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I had a question on the FY10 guidance, just speaking on that a bit, I think you mentioned that about 80% of that is going to be coming from the backlog, which makes sense that represents about half of backlog right now. Maybe you could just add some color on that remaining 20% piece. It seems a bit high if you assume that comes entirely from bookings in the year just given the 1910 model, what other pieces are there that I need to be thinking about there?
Aart de Geus: Well, the first comment is we have been able to work now for a number of years with precisely this model, which is coming in with 80% in hand for the year and 90% for the quarter. Actually the number fluctuates a little bit above that typically. But that’s what we have been able to comment on every year. And so, from that perspective that is a normal model for Synopsys. Secondly, during the year obviously there are a number of deals that get renewed, and so, for those that then go into effect that is additional revenue, that is not in the backlog at the present time. And then on top of that there tend to be sort of a one off or spot deals, things that could be delivered such as services or IP that tend to be renewed fairly quickly after getting the orders.  So, this is actually not only our normal model, but I think especially in the present time incredibly healthy model because most companies do not see this. Notice also that a certain amount of the consulting is not in the backlog until it goes into action.
Brian Beattie: Let me add a little bit. In terms of the numbers here, you can see that we have got over a billion dollars of revenue already built in for orders that we’ve achieved leading up to this. So we enter in with over a billion, and the rest to be closed, what we call the turns, are very normal compared to our prior years. So we feel pretty good about the achievability of this guidance.
Ryan Goodman - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then one question on the expenses. In this type of environment you tend to see the expenses scale up a bit with the bookings. But actually the outlook that you gave on the expense side seems pretty good. Could you add some color what’s going on there, why? How much scalability do you have with current expense structure, if 2010 actually does turn out to be a stronger recovery than expected? Are we going to feel that in the expense side and maybe see that more in fiscal ‘11 revenue?
Aart de Geus: Sure that’s a good question. If you look at our history we have been steadily managing the ops margin up, and this is I think a great achievement especially that we have continued that even during extremely difficult year 2009. And so, at the present time we are sort of steadily moving towards the mid 20s and we feel okay with that. Now, the economic uncertainty, as you said, is quite large, and so, with the present planning horizon it makes no sense to speculate beyond that and we want to be careful in setting expectations. But what is clear is that obviously if things look up then there are many ways in which we can either spend money or keep it. And so, I don’t want to close any doors, I just want to make sure that everybody understands that we are still steadily moving towards the mid 20s at this point in time.
Ryan Goodman - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then one last question just more qualitatively, talking with your peers out there it seems like there is some sort of some hot bids for competition within the overall EDA sector would come to mind, you have a competitor trying to move in a bit more to your implementation. Now, from your perspective where are you feeling the most pressure if anywhere just across the board?
Aart de Geus: Well, interestingly enough, the most pressure comes actually from the customer environment which is a situation where every customer is right now substantially down versus last year, not sure about what’s going to happen next year, and therefore aiming at reducing cost every which way they can. Now, the good news for us is we have been actually able to help customers do that by virtue of providing a very complete solution that can be leveraged more for them and in the process grow our business a little bit. But I think the landscape right now, although people are absolutely planning and trying to drive towards some growth, they remain very cautious in their expenditures. And that is really the backdrop I think for our entire guidance forward, is to just reflect the fact that we don’t know what 2010 is going to look like. Now, having said that, I want to reemphasize again that in many ways we have had the good fortune of preparing for many years both technically for this complete solution and economically for having a watch that allows us to move when the time is right, and so, we see a number of areas where we actually have seen good growth such as the IP area, we actually did well in the manufacturing area, we see some very interesting things in the system area. So, there is opportunity space for us and I think the time is upon us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: I want to drill into the cash flow guidance for 2010. I always understood that your collection policies were aimed at collecting or front loading the collections within the contract, and you are trying to collect as much of the contract value in the first half of the contract life, and if that’s still the case, how come cash flow wouldn’t at least be flat year-over-year despite the higher tax rate?
Brian Beattie: Well, as we said, we are fairly close to the number we achieved this year on the plan. The actual cash collection projections relative to the structure of the invoice hasn’t changed significantly either. We see primarily getting cash a quarter in advance, a few customers that are semi annual on advance and just a couple that are annually in advance. So, just based on the mix of which accounts which customers are up for renewal that provides the opportunity. So, we built in a good recovery relative to the amount of receivables we had year-over-year, we factor in the expense management against that and there is always some small puts and takes to go through to end up with a fairly close cash flow item. Again, our operating income is we are holding that plight year-over-year, but there are higher taxes paid which again you don’t just see in the actual tax rate on the P&L, but where actual tax payments would increase in 2010, and on top of that our operating income expense is slightly lower year-over-year which is contributing to the rest of that slight decline year-over-year.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And Aart, would your comment, which mirrors mentor and cadence that customers are waiting to the end of the contracts to renew. Based on that can you give us some qualitative commentary about how the renewal pipeline, if you will, looks as you move into fiscal 2010, meaning is the renewals get better in the back half, is it more back end loaded, is it linier, is it front-end loaded, how does the renewal pipeline look for you?
Aart de Geus: I actually don’t know the answer in terms of specifically how it spreads over the year, we told you at a minimum that for us that is less relevant. I can tell you though is the very fact that we say that orders are quite a bit up from, expected to be quite a bit from the past year. Say that there is enough set of renewals so that we have incentivised our sales team to go after those. The other comment is really, again on the qualitative side is that we are maintaining the run rates just fine, and so that says that even in a very tough economic time, customers seems to value the value we provide sufficiently for us to achieve that result. So, I expect that as the economic situation gradually betters, the pressure will lessen a little bit although it may take a while for the high-tech segment to suddenly start spending a lot again. But, nonetheless, I think we’ve probably seen, most likely seen the worse in ‘09 by far, and right now we are sort of a little bit back to business as normal.
Operator: Your next question comes from K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Market.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: You mentioned that the turning of the couple of large contracts was one of the reasons why the backlog is down. My question is as and when these contracts close next year, do you think there is upside to your conservative top-line guidance or is the closing of this contract already folded into your top-line outlook?
Aart de Geus: No, I think I choose the work carefully being, I think I used conservative and cautious for a reason, which is we think that this is a plan that is very executable and this is what we are working again. We factored out all other major actions that we could take and obviously if there is an opportunity to do better on any of these contracts that will manifest itself over time well in the top-line. So, no, I think we have been very realistic against a landscape that is just very hard to predict where we have learned some interesting lessons in ‘09.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. The primary EDA program, can you give us some understanding of how much do you guys typically see your business or orders of top-line increase or change with a customer versus before they became a EDA partner?
Aart de Geus: It’s a good question; it’s a little bit all over the map. But, in general, I would say it doesn’t change all that much initially for a very simple reason which is many of the customers needs to have time to gradually migrate to us. During that time they still have contracts with maybe other sources, and those contracts don’t go away. And so, especially ‘09 that’s not the time to ask them for more money. As they do a successful conversion to our tools, they now have the opportunity to either put the savings in their pocket or comeback to us for capabilities, and this is precisely an additional reason why we are feverishly investing in more technology going forward and are looking at other investments so that when the time is right there is an opportunity to build on that very platform.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: From a modeling market though, how should we evaluate the press releases which talks about primary EDA contracts.
Aart de Geus: I think the bottom line in press releases are just that, and as much as we would all probably take a lot of pride in having great press releases, some are extremely meaningful and some are complete, well, let me be polite in the word. And so, the thing that matters is really what happens underneath an over time, and I grand you that it’s more difficult for you to observe that because it is a lot of engineering work to help people gradually solidify their position. One of the indicators that would be meaningful to you is the very fact that we say that our run rates are flat. And so, flat in a year where the entire markets collapse at the tune of substantial percentage. I should tell you that our customers seems to continue to have a strong confidence in what we do. So, time will actually show that these investments on our part and on their part will pay off for both of us. And we certainly feel very comfortable with that, the press releases are just that.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Lastly, you mentioned a couple of times of the changing landscape. Now, although, we can sort of guess what it means I would like to hear what your thoughts on how has the landscape changed over the past 12 to 13 months?
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, leaving alone the very obvious massive financial changes for many customers, starting with the top-line and then in various ramifications to the bottom-line. In my opinion what is really happening is that we have a major push for substantial increase in efficiency in the entire high-tech industry. Certainly, therefore in the semiconductor industry, certainly therefore in all these supporting industries. And so, that is accompanied by a gradual but accelerating shift towards the Far East in terms of end markets now growing and on delivery of products they are growing. And so, all of these things spell out the same words, which is how we become more efficient, and part of that is you can see the consolidation of a number of customers, you have seen recently a couple of very large mergers in semiconductors, NCE with Renesas is probably the largest one. In the foundry domain we see global foundries chartered, and then there is a slew of smaller announcements that have followed. There is one common is theme, efficiency. And so, we are catering precisely to that because we are in the business of providing efficiency tool. So, this is a good time where customers are looking at how can they not only improve by virtue of scale, but also improve by virtue of execution. And one proof point for that would be the success of our IP business, because there is a good example of many customers doing things that are not differentiated where we can provide building blocks that are of high-quality and overall economically cheaper for them if they were to do it themselves. So, we are in the middle of this massive change and change always has unexpected ramifications but I think we are very well positioned to not only manage well through that change, but to take advantage of some of the opportunities that open up because of that. With that I’m getting the sign here to wrap it up. It’s past one-hour. I appreciate all the people calling in. There may have been more questions As usual Brian and I will be available right after the call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you and ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference call for today, we appreciate your participation, you may not disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-08-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives:   Lisa L. Ewbank – Vice President of Investor Relations Aart J. de Geus – Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer  Brian M. Beattie – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts :  Raj Seth – Cowen & Company  Matt Petkun – D.A. Davidson  Rich Valera – Needham & Company Sterling Auty – JP Morgan KC Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets Paul Wick – J&W Seligman & Co.  
Operator: Welcome to the Synopsys, Inc.’s earnings conference call for the third quarter of fiscal year 2009. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we’ll conduct a question and answer session, instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, I will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time I’d like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Lisa L. Ewbank:  With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. During the course of this conference call, Synopsys may make forecasts, targets, and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results.  While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, the company’s actual results and performance are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.  In addition to any risks that we highlight in this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our 10Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2009 and in our earnings release for the third quarter or fiscal year 2009 issued earlier today. In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in our third quarter earnings release and financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.Synopsys.com. With that I’ll turn the call over to Aart de Geus
Aart J. de Geus :  I’m happy to report that we again made excellent progress towards our year’s objective. In Q3 we demonstrated solid financial results, substantial technology advances and continued customer momentum. Summarizing our financial results we delivered above targets non-GAAP EPS of $0.47 with $345 million in revenue. We achieved this within our predictable business model with more than 90% time based revenue. We continued our focus on cost control and we exited the quarter with a very strong cash position.  Turning to the economic environment around us, we see that bankruptcies have subsided, that inventory corrections are driving in increasing activities, and most importantly that the natural level of consumption is gradually stabilizing the semiconductor market. That said forecasts are now on average that our customers will end 2009 with revenue down about 15% to 20%. While semiconductor executives are cautious in a still uncertain economy and expect a gradual recovery lasting into 2011.  Accordingly, at Synopsys we are planning for continued industry stress through 2010 although we see a great opportunity to further strengthen our competitive position as customers focus on the best, most reliable long term options. Given this backdrop, we have assertively managed our business to not only adapt to the downturn but also take full advantage of it. Expense controls are offsetting marginally weaker revenue. We are driving long term segment share shifts with customers moving to us and we continue to make aggressive technology investments all focused on reducing our customer’s total cost of design. For fiscal ‘09 the result is that we’ve been able to adjust expenses to offset slightly reduced revenue expectations and provide earnings in excess of our original targets for the year. We’re also increasing our operating cash flow forecast to reflect the improved customer collections environment. We expect to exit this fiscal year with a slightly down revenue run rate. From an orders point of view, contracts are now renewing closer to the end of their duration as customers are still cautiously delaying their decisions. Contract length though, remains stable. While durations fluctuate a bit from quarter-to-quarter, we continue to see the average range around three years.  Behind our customer’s trust and commitment to Synopsys lies the recognition that we’re providing them several clear advantages. First, a continuing stream of technology advances. This quarter we again delivered substantial new capabilities to our customers. Second, a global support organization that materially impacts the success of IP design as we help customers achieve better chip sizes, speed, power, yield and most importantly, meet difficult schedules. And third, an intense focus on the total cost of design, which can be considerably improved by integrated EDA solutions with links to manufacturing, systems and sophisticated IP blocks. Each key semiconductor company such as Exar, Intel, Marvell, National Semiconductor, Panasonic, Renesas, Toshiba, Wolfson, and others are counting on us to be their primary EDA partner as they drive forward the product that will carry them out of the recession. Technology leadership is critical in this equation and in truth we again delivered great new value to our customers. Starting with our Galaxy Implementation Platform, we introduced brand new in design physical verification capability with IC Validator. This is remarkable as the in design integration lets customers diagnose and fix issues during place in route long before final signout, thus minimizing disastrous schedule delays. In June, we also shipped a complete new Galaxy release with extended core features throughout the flow and enhanced low power performance. Our customers are seeing notable success. Insignia for example, used IP Compiler to tape out the lead product of their high performance, automotive microcontroller platform. At the recent Design Automation Conference, several customers including Toshiba, Renesas, and Samsung described the excellent results using Galaxy and the in design capability integrating IC Compiler with synthesis, signoff, and physical verification.  Our goal is for these successes to result in segment share gain and while shifts occur gradually, I can tell you that we’re actively replacing competitors at a number of important customers. The central theme remains the same technology differentiation and risk reduction. One effort that precisely fits that description is collaboration we announced last month with our ARM and the IBM/Samsung chartered common platform. Together we are developing a comprehensive new solution for high volume mobile applications at 32 nanometer. The target integration of advanced rough processors, connectivity IP, manufacturing technology and a state of the art design flow will be instrumental in reducing cost and time to market.  Turning to verification, our discovery release also included many new advanced features in both digital and analog. In Q3, we’re released CustomSim for unified analog simulation. It combines the speed and accuracy of what used to be three separate tools into a single, flexible, easy to deploy solution. We delivered multi core technology in our core of VCS functional simulator resulting in a 2X speed up. Given that the simulator is used in the majority of the advanced chips in the world, a speed up of this magnitude has major economic impact as customers are able to reduce expenses for costly computer hardware.  Turning to our strategic investments, we continue to see excellent progress in both analog mix signal implementation and in our IP systems space. Custom Designer, our new analog mixed signal design solution went into general availability in June with two major new features, schematic driven layout and an advanced analog simulation environment. Customers can now complete full analog mixed signal design using only Synopsys as evidenced by two tape outs in the quarter. Interest has been significant with requests for demos and evaluations exceeding our capacity to fully handle at the moment.  To support the deployment of technology molds through open standards, TSMC announced the availability of the first 65 nanometer interoperable process design kit or iPDK for short. The iPDKs are based on the open access standards and works seamlessly in our products. Moreover, TSMC also announced that they have chosen Custom Designer as their iPDK development and validation platform. Moving to our IP business, last quarter’s acquisition of the analog business group of MIPS has generated great feedback from our customers. The integration is right on track and added a rich library of analog IP as well as HTMI connectivity cores. We continue to do well in this business and again introduced significant new products in Q3 including several connectivity titles and key power optimization IP. In addition, we were the first company to achieve certification for a USB analog [inaudible] of 32 nanometer. Finally, tying it all together at the high end, our systems solution is also progressing well. At DAC we demonstrated our newly integrated virtual platform an FPGA based rapid prototyping solution developed to accelerate embedded software development. Customer reaction to our technology momentum has been extraordinary.  During the quarter, we had a record breaking user group attendance at a number of events. Most notably was well over 2,000 attendees in our India meeting alone. In summary, Synopsys continues to execute well amid the uncertainty around us, we’re actively working with customers to help them successfully navigate the recovery and in turn are positioning ourselves for even greater strength in the future. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian M. Beattie: In my comments today I’ll summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with our 2009 guidance. As a reminder, I’ll be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. And we’ve provided reconciliations in the press release and financial supplement which is posted on our website. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Now as Aart highlighted, Q3 financial results were solid. We delivered bottom line growth, expanded non-GAAP operating margins and generated considerable operating cash flow.  Let me now provide some additional details on our financials. Total revenue was $345.2 million within our target range and with greater than 90% of our Q3 revenue coming from beginning of quarter backlog. Our IP and systems business performed particularly well this quarter driven primarily by our digital and analog IP course. This of course includes the very small revenue portion from our acquisition of the analog business group from MIPS Technologies. Even excluding this transaction, business was quite robust. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of third quarter revenue. Now turning to expenses, total GAAP costs and expenses were $284.1 million which included $11.4 million of amortization of intangible assets and $14 million of share based compensation. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses declined 4% to $251.9 million and were below our planned range despite absorbing the analog business group acquisition. The decrease was driven primarily by timing of quarterly expenses such as variable compensation as well as companywide cost control.  As a result, non-GAAP operating margin was 27% for the quarter. Q4 operating margin is expected to decline sequentially due to lower revenues and traditionally higher Q4 expenses driven primarily by variable compensation. This is consistent with the quarterly expense profile we outlined entering the year and similar to year ago trends. While quarterly expenses can be lumpy due in part to the timing of large transactions, for the year we continue to expect total expense growth to be slightly less than our targeted revenue growth even with our recent acquisitions. Turning now to earnings, GAAP earnings were $0.32 per share down from $0.39 a year ago. As you’ll recall, Q3 ’08 GAAP earnings included a onetime $17.3 million tax benefit associated with the IRS settlement for fiscal years 2000 and 2001. Non-GAAP earnings were $0.47 per share exceeding our target range, and includes the slight dilution from our recent acquisition. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 26% for the quarter and for the entire year we continue to expect a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%. Our revenue visibility remains strong with greater than 90% coming from beginning of quarter backlog. Up front revenue was 5% of total, well within our target range of less than 10%. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was about 2.8 years.  Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items, we entered the quarter with $1.08 billion in cash and short term investments. Of this balance, 55% is held within the United States. We generated $232 million in cash from operations in the quarter including an expected annual payment from a large customer. We are raising our operating cash flow target for the year to approximately $190 to $210 million driven primarily by an improved customer collections environment.  This target does not include any impact from our tentative tax settlement from the IRS that we detailed last quarter. While still subject to further approval by the Federal Government, we would expect the settlement to result in cash payments of approximately $50 million over the next 12 months which would be fully offset by tax benefits in future years. We also expect that the settlement would finally permit certain tax refund claims of around $35 million from other years to be paid to the company in 2010. Now continuing on with our cash and balance sheet items, capital expenditures were $9.9 million in the quarter. For the full year we expect cap ex to be approximately $35 to $40 million including some additional Q4 expenditures as we consolidate our Bay Area facilities. While this is a slight upward revision to our original target range, it’s roughly flat with last year. We did not repurchase stock in the quarter and have approximately $210 million remaining on our current authorization. Recall that we acquired the analog business from MIPS Technologies during the quarter in an all cash deal funded from our US cash balance. As always we’ll evaluate the best uses of cash each quarter including company operations, investments and stock repurchases and at the same time we value the flexibility that our cash provides. Q3 net account receivables totaled $136.8 million and DSOs declined 15 days sequentially to 36 days reflecting the high quality of our current account receivable portfolio and the timing of invoices. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $618.6 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 5,990 employees, an expected increase due primarily to the analog business group acquisition. While we have selectively grown our headcount primarily through acquisition, more than a third of our total employees are located in lower cost geographies. Now, moving on to guidance; for the fourth quarter of FY ’09, our targets are revenue between $335 and $343 million reflecting some caution regarding the level of up front and turns business. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $297 and $313 million which includes approximately $15 million of share based compensation expense. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $272 and $282 million, other income and expense between zero and $3 million, non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 26%, outstanding shares between 146 and 149 million, GAAP earnings of $0.14 to $0.21 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $0.39 to $0.33 per share. We expect greater than 90% of the quarter’s revenue to come from backlog.  As a result our 2009 outlook is: revenues are approximately $1.357 to $1.365 billion representing growth of about 1.5% to 2%; other income and expense between $11 and $14 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%; outstanding shares between 144 and 146.5 million; GAAP earnings per share between $1.16 and $1.23 which includes the impact of approximately $58 million in share based compensation expense; non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.71 to $1.75; and we’ve increased the low end of our guidance range by $0.9 and the top end by $0.3. As I mentioned earlier we are targeting cash flow from operations of $190 to $210 million which does not include any impact from our tentative tax settlement with the IRS. We will provide 2010 guidance in our next earnings call in December reporting Q4 results.  In summary, we continue to manage the business well in what is a difficult economic environment. I’m pleased with our consistent execution and solid financial results, highlighted by operating margin expansion and solid cash flow generation. With that I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Raj Seth – Cowen & Company. 
Raj Seth – Cowen & Company:  Aart can you talk - don’t talk explicitly about bookings, but how, even qualitatively, how have bookings come in here in Q3? I think last quarter you suggested that Q1 was weak, Q2 I thought was closer to your expectation. How’s the bookings environment feel how bookings have been coming in, even qualitatively if you can make any comment?
Aart J. de Geus : We don’t give any quantitative comments but qualitatively I would say it is sort of back to expectations. The Q1 was extraordinary just because almost every company was in shell shock and just delayed all decisions. I think we’re now back to business as usual with one difference from the past which I eluded to which is that all the contracts tend to go a little bit longer towards the end of the contract which is actually very reasonable behavior given the situation and given that the contract that we are closing are coming in just fine. I think this is exactly the type of situation for which we are well equipped.
Raj Seth – Cowen & Company:  So run rate I think last quarter you talked about it being - annualized run rate sort of at par or slightly below, same general trend. ?
Aart J. de Geus :  Yes that has not changed partially because we’re really reflecting what’s happened early into the year. I remain a little bit cautious about will there be further consolidation or changes in the semiconductor industry but at the same time I also see a number of signs that people are definitely seeing some light at the end of the tunnel or at least preparing for that.
Raj Seth – Cowen & Company:  You mentioned some incremental caution on some of the turns business that you would normally see in Q4. What’s driving that or is that a minor effect?
Aart J. de Geus :  I think it’s a minor effect. It’s more that, in a situation where people live with uncertainty are cautious, turns business can be easily delayed by a day, a week, or a month and if those happen to be the dates that cross the boundary of a quarter one tends to be a little bit more sensitive to that. However, the quality of our business model is such that we enter with the quarter with a high degree of confidence in our revenue and so it’s really just on the margin I would think.
Raj Seth – Cowen & Company:  One last one if I might, Brian talked about a strong balance sheet, you’ve got a $1 billion in cash. You’ve talked for some time and I think it’s been clearly the smart decision; preserve optionality and you stop buybacks and you just sat on the cash. At what point do you start considering buybacks again? I mean you’ve got clearly excess cash sitting here, what triggers a decision to maybe begin to deploy that cash rather than just sit on it?
Aart J. de Geus :  Oh well we actually make that decision every quarter and so this is not just something you put on the shelf for a long period of time. I think you’ve got correctly the fact that we looked at having optionality in our option space. We have that. I think there’s many changes to come in the industries around us and so right now we like the fact that we have a high degree of freedom of what we’re going to do but there’s also no question that buyback could be one of the things that we can use the cash for.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Petkun – D.A. Davidson.
Matt Petkun – D.A. Davidson:  A couple questions from me, first just when I look at the sales and marketing line item Brian, you’ve been running consistently at rates at, or in this quarter below last year’s rates on a year-over-year basis. Is it fair to say that you’ve made some structural changes and we could expect that maybe you’re getting a little bit more leverage out of that group? Obviously some of it relates to the bookings activity this year versus last year. But more directly I’m wondering how we should think about that number moving into Q4?
Brian M. Beattie:  Yes Matt, I’d say that the majority of the reasons on the quarter-to-quarter profile as well as the increase projected effectively in the fourth quarter is related primarily to variable compensation. We indicated again that is one of the factors there relates, and not only it’s tradition in the fourth quarter, not only there, we look at the fourth quarter and this fourth quarter actually will be lower than last year’s fourth quarter and we forecasted along the lines. So I’d just say that’s the primary area of variation from quarter-to-quarter, it’s on variable compensation. We’re also seeing some really significant improvements on the travel areas. We’re down about 40% year-over-year as well as below our budget on travel savings and benefits. So again, just focused at this business to optimize the margin and cash flow.
Matt Petkun – D.A. Davidson:  Then Aart, looking at this analog IP business it’s obviously early days but I’m wondering if any of the conversations you’ve had, do you see any opportunity to maybe pull through some of your, some digital design opportunities especially in the areas of wireless video?
Aart J. de Geus :  Well Matt, this has absolutely been a very good buy for us because, not only does it add a substantial catalog of analog IP blocks, it also adds some very strong IP designers. Very few people know that we have over 450 analog designers within Synopsys at this point in time. So right here at a minimum there’s a strong incentive to make sure our analog tools do very well within the company.  Having said that, this was one of the acquisitions where I got an enormous amount of unasked for positive feedback from customers almost right away. What that tells me is A, they were really looking at the company as having an opportunity to strengthen the products that they were getting and go further with that and B, that there’s a strong desire to see Synopsys take a stronger position in that direction as well. And yes, it has some impact on the tools going forward, although I think that will take a little bit longer time.
Matt Petkun – D.A. Davidson:  Then just one other question, Brian you said that some of your guidance for Q4 was related to upfront, your caution on upfront and turns based business, are you saying that you think that bookings could be delayed and so the upfront portion and the turns portion of that business could be affected because when I look at your upfront revenues in general, they’ve been relatively stable the last three quarters in a tougher environment?
Brian M. Beattie:  Yes, I think you’re exactly right. The impact on the business from quarter-to-quarter, again we’re discussing here pretty slight variations from one to the next built into the guidance and with, as you saw in the third quarter 95% of the quarter coming over from the previous quarter in terms of bookings and visibility, we’re in a real strong position so, we’re just dealing with that extra 5%. Our commitment is when we provide that guidance, we’re looking at what we’ve already got booked for the quarter as well as anticipation.  So good performance on the time-based licenses continuing each quarter-to-quarter and just a little bit of caution around the deals that we’re going to close where we’ll be able to take revenue on those deals in the quarter. So as you know if they close at the very end of the fourth quarter, then there’s very little revenue associated with that and we’re just cautious relative to the timing. As Aart said, as customers are effectively waiting, in some cases, until the end of their contracts to be renewed. And we say when they renew them not if they renew them but it’s again, has an impact slightly on the revenues and we just need to be cautious as we look at the fourth quarter.
Matt Petkun – D.A. Davidson:  Okay so just to be clear, when I’m looking at the potential for a sequential decline in revenues that would be the upfront portion recognized in time based licenses is primarily where you’re seeing that, is that correct?
Brian M. Beattie:  No, no. It’s actually the time based licenses is pretty solid actually. It’s just the line called upfront revenues itself. So I’ll break it down for you, upfront and time based licenses and the sequential decline there is in that upfront portion just associated with the type of transactions and you can see it’s a small number anyways. But that amount of variability that we have some visibility to now in the quarter is where we would anticipate the decline. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Rich Valera – Needham & Company.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company:  Aart, in your prepared remarks you mentioned you expected to exit the fiscal year at a slightly lower, I think you said revenue run rate which is the first time I’d specifically heard you call it out. I guess from parsing between upfront and time based, I’m just trying to understand where is the lower revenue run rate coming from, is it because of the lower bookings that happened in the first quarter or two or is it something you’re seeing more recently like this concern over upfront that you’re talking about in the fourth quarter?
Aart J. de Geus :  Let me clarify, first when we look at the revenue, there’re multiple components to that. What we refer to as the revenue run rate which is not a very, very firm number because it’s difficult to actually calculate it, is essentially a measure of repeatability of all the large contracts. So the only reason the revenue run rate is slightly down is because early in the year there were a number of companies that frankly just disappeared. Meaning that there were bankruptcies, there were companies that went out of business and part of that was in our backlog, part of were going to be renewed and they’re gone. Having said that, we have seen a complete decline of those, actually I’m not even sure there were any bankruptcies in Q3 now that we’re talking about it. So this has gradually improved during the year and we wanted to make sure people understand that the semiconductor industry is still in beginning of recovery mode. It’s not massive recovery partially because what you see is mostly from inventory corrections. Having said that, overall the future does look a lot better than certainly the last three of four quarters and we are in a very solid position. So, this was to give you a sense of how we look at the business exiting what we see the de facto as probably two to two and a half year recession and we have many other things that we can do on top of the existing revenue run rates and that we will do to grow the business from there.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company: So you’re last couple of sentences there were intriguing but it sounds like sort of all things equal without any acquisitions presumably you would expect 2010 to be a down revenue year from 2009 and I know we don’t want to get in to guidance but it sounds like kind of that’s what would be implied by your run rate statement.
Aart J. de Geus : As you said, we don’t want to get in to guidance right now. I think we are trying to make sure that we don’t get ahead of making predictions too quickly on both the basis of what happened earlier this year which gives some caution but also on the basis of how things feel right now which feel much more positive and the fact that I think we’re executing particularly well. You may recall, if you look way back in some of our earnings releases, that probably about four of five quarters ago already I warned that we were going to start paying more attention to expenses in light of potential revenue shifts if there was a recession. There’s been obviously a massive recession. I think we’re sailing through this with flying colors as a matter of fact and the very fact that we will deliver growth in ’09 according to the guidance we just gave, I think is a solid sign for that. So, we’re just trying to be very complete in how we let you know about the picture without wanting to give guidance before giving guidance. Just the fact that we had, I think, outstanding results in Q3 shouldn’t let us dance on the table. Yes, this is in an environment that’s tough but I think Synopsys is executing particularly well.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company: One final one if I could. You mentioned TSMC rolling out the iPDKs which would seem to be a boom for folks like yourself trying to break in to the analog design space. Could you give us a sense of what your sense is of how significant those are? Folks have been trying to use open access and pie cells for a while to sort of break in to established Cadence accounts. What do you think the iPDKs might mean for that effort
Aart J. de Geus : In general, all fields go through evolutions and that is true for the analog field, it’s true for many other fields. The open access coalition and effort have been some very, very good efforts for many years that actually were pioneered by Cadence who has added a lot of value to that. This is not any different than Synopsys many years ago pioneering many of the other access formalisms around digital design because we all know very well that our customers use a number of tools from a variety of sources that have to work together. Simultaneously it’s also clear that with the smaller geometries, it is more and more important for the availability of libraries to not only be there for all of the tools but also not become too costly and be complete in terms of the technology terms. So, the iPDKs are really the next evolution that the entire industry is signing up for and the fact that TSMC is leading the pathway in providing the data is a good sign because they are by far, by far, the largest foundry in the world so we all rely on the quality of the models they provide so iPDKs is a very good thing.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sterling Auty – JP Morgan.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan: I want to circle back Aart to the comment that you made in your prepared remarks about the stress on the industry and I wanted to get some clarification. So, you’re seeing the improvement, inventory replenishment in some sectors, you mentioned that they need to feel confident in the improvement before you start to see some improvement in your own business. But, I wanted to make sure, did you say that stress would continue in to 2010 or to 2010? It would seem to me that if they see a decent back half that they should start improving their spend and demand in the beginning of 2010?
Aart J. de Geus : Let me start by saying let’s not over stress the fact that I’m not the oracle on what is going to happen in the semiconductor industry. I may talk to a lot of people but it’s a hard industry to completely predict. What I meant to say is actually through 2010 meaning that if you look at the present semiconductor industry, just to give you some rough numbers, the first quarter it shot down 38% and that’s where everybody sort of hit the brakes. Then, it shot back up by virtue of inventory replenishing and many short term orders.  Now, the expectations, and the jury is actually still very much out, the expectations are for the semiconductor industry to end at about -15% to -20% down from let’s say ’07 to ’08. I can certainly confirm that that is the gut feel that I’m getting from all the execs I talk to. After that, the semiconductor industry will most likely behave like it always did which is ups and downs but a gradual return that some have said will go all the way to 2013. I think it’s much more likely that it’s through 2011 but in other words, 2010 is a gradual recovery year. How do people behave in such a situation? Well, in such a situation they have clearly seen that there’s been a big disruption in the past year. They have clearly seen that a number of companies did not do well, others have gained strength but it’s not visible yet, and most likely there will be some consolidation or rearrangement of the industry. So, during that time, those that have hard needs will absolutely spend more but most others will just sort of try to lay low a little bit in their expenditures.  I think that they will focus a great deal on spending more with those people where they can simultaneously save somewhere else. Therein lies some of the opportunities for us because we touch more than DDA budgets, we touch actually the total cost of design. So, what we have tried to do is to increasingly focus on interaction with customers on the basis of their overall economics. That by the way is a great opportunity that has been accentuated by the recession which is we talk to high levels in companies about their economics instead of the details of cross capacitants coupling somewhere in some tool. The picture I tried to project is one that said we at Synopsys have a great opportunity to really strengthen and broaden our position while at the same time setting up a growth pattern for the future that is predicated on knowing that people have to simultaneously be cautious in their expenditures.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan: The next question is actually for Brian based on your comment, if we looked at it, your total expenses were $14 million below the midpoint of the guided range for non-GAAP expenses. How much of that coming in below was that variable component that you mentioned?
Brian M. Beattie : Oh, most of it. I don’t want to say all of it here because there have been a lot of very good actions taken by the team on minimizing compensation and taking the right actions to keep the spending rate low that we indicated we would do at the beginning of the year. But, the rest is just timing that’s going to be moving in to the fourth quarter as I was indicating. Then, you’d anticipate Q1 drops as it has pretty well every year from the Q4 levels just based on the timing of variable compensation related to commissions, any incentive plans and so on in place and very traditional flow.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan: Then help me reconcile if most of that came from variables coming in lower, that would suggest to me then that actually your bookings in the third quarter were below what you anticipated when you gave guidance last quarter?
Brian M. Beattie : Well, we indicated a couple of things last quarter and we’re reiterating this quarter that contracts are renewing closer to their expiry date. Again, as you know, with our business model if the contract hasn’t expired yet it does not have an impact to our revenue profiles. We’re in a great position to work through the best thing, provide the best value for the customers and the right thing for Synopsys. If it closes at the end of one quarter, it’s fine; if it closes three days later and flips in to the fourth quarter, that’s fine too.  But, it’s something that we’re watching and certainly it’s been a trend we’ve seen throughout the year of closing off the agreements closer to the expiry of them itself. So, we’ll work it through. Yes, there was a little bit of a shift in those deals that moved in to the fourth quarter and that’s what we factored in to our plan but again, as we’re tacking it through great financial results for the year.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan: The last question is on cash flow, based on the cash flow guidance that you gave for the full year, it would indicate the lowest fourth quarter cash flow that you’ve generated since 2002 so if you had maybe some of the bookings slip in to the fourth quarter did you see actual collections get pulled forward and collected earlier than you would have thought?
Brian M. Beattie : I’d say most of it was really from a returning level of confidence with our customers. As we got through the first quarter that was the highest level of uncertainty and the highest level of announced bankruptcies, slow payments and so on. Then, we saw the second quarter again coming back to a stability level and with more confidence returning in the third quarter there appears to be a sense of recovery that the customers were very good on paying exactly on their due dates and we’ve got very deep relationships with them so the cash inflow came in strong during the quarter and as a result we were able to increase our operating cash flow levels as we indicated just based on better performance, more certainty around collection and more confidence as we go in to the fourth quarter that the collections and the spending profiles will be profitably managed, both sides of it, to generate increased operating cash flow for the company in 2009.
Operator:  Your next question comes from KC Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets.
KC Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets: To pick up on the question of cash flow, can we conclude that the strength in cash collection is a sign that the customers are actually loosening up their purse strings? Was the improved collection coming from just a few customers or was it more broad based?
Brian M. Beattie : Well, an increase in confidence and cash flow on expected dates from the scheduled customers that we had scheduled through the agreements. As you know, we take all of our backlog and profile that in terms of revenues going forward and cash to be collected forward by customer, by quarter. The customers paid as expected, again just based on the relationships that we’ve been able to build up and there was far less activity related to slow payments and announcements of bankruptcies. Still a couple of small ones but overall the performance was again stabilizing this quarter and a slight level of improvement going forward. So, they just paid per the terms and the agreements, nothing in advance and very little in arrears of their expected dates.
KC Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets: Sort of a broad question, I’m trying to understand [inaudible], would you at least say that your top line will be in the same direction as your customers? Meaning that if your customers are going to see an up kind of turn that will be the same direction that you would expect your top line?
Aart J. de Geus : I think you’re asking us for guidance for ’10 that we don’t want to give yet. I think generically the answer is yes because we do follow the semiconductor industry. The reason one should not answer your question with yes is because the semiconductor industry moves with incredible ups and downs. In aggregate the stability of semiconductor is actually quite good but in quarter-to-quarter or even year-to-year it can easily bump from 20% to -20%. Whereas we would love to take the 20%, I don’t think we want to take the -20%, which we just saw by the way. So, just to maybe categorize some of many of the questions I just heard in the last few minutes both in terms of cash, in terms of orders, in terms of business profile, I do think that our customers are in aggregate more confident that things are solidifying and therefore are moving back a bit more to business as usual. It’s just that the business as usual right now is not at the same level as it was ’07 and ’08 yet and that will take some time.  If you take those comments in conjunction you would have to say, “Well, that’s actually a great opportunity for Synopsys.” Because, with the massive downturn we have been able to hold the fort so to speak meaning that we’ve done very well and with the expected upturn or return, we have an opportunity to build on the strength that we have carefully cemented over the last year and a half as this was happening. So, we see actually great business opportunities, it’s just that like nobody was really capable of completely calling the downturn in Q4/Q1, one cannot really completely call the upturn exactly either.
KC Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets: You talked about taking advantage of the downturn and looking to have positive shift towards you guys, is it fair to assume that for the coming couple of years at least that your top line would outgrow that of your peers?
Aart J. de Geus : The part of the challenge with that statement is that many people have gone through model changes. However, what I can say is that I think we have a model that is incredibly solid but more importantly than that is that model is now built on a product portfolio and a customer penetration that is very, very solid. So, that allows us to build on top of that basis going forward and the fact that we now lead the industry and have an opportunity to really help customers that are trying to save money while at the same time spending well with us, I think is a great opportunity for us to fuel the growth going forward.
KC Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets: Lastly, on the op ex, have most of the temporary savings, have most of them been unwanted?
Aart J. de Geus : I’m not sure which temporary savings you’re talking about. What we have done is systematically gone through the company and prioritized all the savings that we could do. Some were obvious things that one should do, some are things that one can do if there was a worse recession or what have you. Luckily for us, we’ve been able to do very well with a number of things that have reduced our day-to-day spending. I think Brian mentioned already the travel line which is a very visible example but it’s also making sure that we invest in those areas that will have a return going forward.  We expect to continue that behavior so far for me to say that there’s not more places that we can save but it’s also clear that there are opportunities for us to invest be it in R&D, be it in M&A, be it in special support situations of customers that we can help through the downturn. All of those are essentially building solidity for the future. We’re doing all of those.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paul Wick – J&W Seligman & Co.
Paul Wick – J&W Seligman & Co.: Could you just talk about the uptick in maintenance and services on the income statement and what was the cause of that and whether it’s sustainable?
Brian M. Beattie : The slight uptick in terms of the service revenue that’s up year-over-year and up sequentially is driven by a couple of large consulting contracts that we had in the quarter and to a much lesser extent the new acquisition we had with Chipidea. We had a number of the contracts, they’re in the IP area specifically where we have multiple deliveries, the company’s been working on them for some time and completed those in the third quarter allowing us to take revenue on all the deliverables. So, it is a little bit of a catch up, it does fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter based on the milestone completions so that’s part of the elements that have contributed to it in the third quarter specifically. It’s not exactly consistent quarter-to-quarter, it just depends on those big consulting deals that we do.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Rich Valera – Needham & Company.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company: I just wanted to follow up on the run rate question, my understanding now as you’ve said it is that it sounds like the lower run rate is due largely due to some customer bankruptcies early in the first half of your year but that things are more stable now. I just wanted to clarify that in fact the run rates you’re seeing now on renewals are close to flattish or whatever you were referring to X the bankruptcies in the first half. Is that correct?
Aart J. de Geus : We don’t quantify the run rate number for a variety of reasons but I think your statement in general terms is actually very correct.
Operator:  We have no further questions at this time. Presenters I’ll turn the call back to you.
Aart J. de Geus : Thank you again for attending this quarter. I think that in an environment that is to say the least very interesting, we feel that we’re actually fairing very, very well and have been able to take advantage of some of our strength and will continue to play those out going forward. As usual, Brian and I will be available for follow up questions the next few hours. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen we thank you for your participation as well as using AT&T’s Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-05-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Lisa Ewbank – Vice President of Investor Relations Aart de Geus - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian Beattie – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Raj Seth - Cowen and Company Matthew Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co. Richard Valera - Needham & Company Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Synopsys, Inc. earnings conference call for the second quarter of fiscal year 2009. (Operator Instructions) At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, [Pamela]. Good afternoon, everyone.  With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys, and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer.  During the course of this consolidated comp store Synopsys may make forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, the company's actual results and performance are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.  In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our results are described in our 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2009 and in our earnings release for the second quarter fiscal year 2009 issued earlier today. In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this call as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in our second quarter earnings release and financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at Synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I'm pleased to report another quarter of very good execution with solid financial results, strong technology momentum and visible customer successes. Let me begin with our financials.  In Q2 we delivered $337 million in revenue and non-GAAP EPS of $0.45, above our target range. We achieved this within our predictable business model with more than 90% time-based revenue. In anticipation of continued economic stress we further tightened our expense management to stay solidly on track with earnings for the year. We exited the quarter with $877 million of cash and no debt. Turing to the overall environment, the outlook remains mixed. While we're rebounding off the bottom with inventory rebuilds and some rush orders, the semiconductor industry is expected to experience a 2009 revenue decline in the 20% range. After that, a very gradual recovery lasting into 2011 is a likely scenario although predictions will be greatly impacted by the overall economy.  The long-term ramifications of this scenario are only starting to become visible. In addition to some immediate cost cutting to respond to the crisis, most businesses are now refocusing their market strategies, massively streamlining their operations, de-risking their supply and partner relationships, and in a number of cases actively pursuing consolidation opportunities to drive economic efficiencies. The recently announced potential Renesas-NEC merger is a visible case in point. Over the next 12 to 24 months the challenge for the semiconductor industry and its suppliers will be to find the next level of efficiency in an overall very weak economy. The good news is that across a broad field of applications semiconductors are a key enable to future prosperity. Drivers range from an extensive green push to the emergence of low-cost netbooks and solid state drives to advances in connectivity, including telepresence, to exciting products such as the evolving Kindle that may completely restructure the publishing industry. Meanwhile, our customers are under high stress and we're moderating our revenue expectations as we approach 2010. In Q2 we saw average run rates slightly decrease due in part to several bankruptcies during the first half and we expect the end of the year run rates to be slightly down. As anticipated, many customers are renewing their contracts closer to their expiration dates and we expect bookings for the year to be slightly below our original internal plan. Finally, we continue to see late payments for some customers who are focused on short-term cash conservation. In a recession of this magnitude none of these things should be a surprise, and we have already adopted a number of measures to further strengthen our position. I'm happy to report that while we are slightly reducing the revenue rates for the year, we're actually solidifying our earnings per share guidance for '09. We're also moderating our operating cash flow target to reflect a collection environment. Brian will discuss guidance in more detail. Given the extraordinary economic situation Synopsys is actually doing very, very well. Our technology position is demonstrably strong, our customer relationships were built for the long term, and we have an intense focus on execution so that we emerge even stronger. Synopsys is steadily gaining customer momentum while continuing to invest in evolving our product portfolio.  As customers are aggressively de-risking their supplier relationships and focusing on cost efficiencies, many have selected Synopsys as their primary EDA partner. Evidence of this is the further extension of our relationships with companies such as Marvell, Toshiba, Tundra and Wolfson. The number of companies who have openly selected Synopsys is further augmented by several sizeable partnerships that have not been publicly identified. The stability of shared visions created in these kinds of deep relationships between vendors and customers will be critical in driving the innovation and technology roadmaps of the future. So let me now turn to the essence of our DNA, technology. The need for advanced design goes on unabated. Both the direction and level of our technical investments match well the needs of our customers, and we feel a great sense of momentum in the company. Our strategy is twofold - first, to ensure best in class point technology in products. While we can't promise the best in every tool, we always try to do so. Second and even more important is driving best in class overall results through integrated advanced flows, platforms and methodologies that focus on our customers' total cost of design. 2008 was a prolific year for Synopsys. We introduced significant new products such as Zroute, recipient of this year's EDN innovation award for design, and Custom Designer, our long-awaited entry into analog implementation. 2009 is continuing the steady delivery of new products and capabilities ranging from systems to silicon.  In verification, the number one pain point for customers, we building on our strength in both analog and digital with several advances in Q2, including Custom Sim for unified analog simulation, which combines the speed and accuracy of what used to be three separate tools into a single flexible easy to deploy solution. We also delivered multi-core technology in DCS functional simulator, resulting in a 2x speedup. In implementation we introduced an exciting new physical verification solution that integrates manufacturing information and analysis into the design process.  A companion to IC Compiler, IC Validator is architected for 45 nanometer and below designs and includes advanced features such as a brand-new engine driving greater performance, unmatched scalability with multi-core CPUs and an architecture permitting easy design corrections within IC Compiler. IC Validator has already been adopted by companies such as technology heavyweight Invidia and Toshiba.  Our implementation flow is excelling at the most advanced 32 and 28 nanometer designs and our work with customers at these nodes is proceeding very well.  With the broad objective of increasing design productivity and predictability, at our user's group in March we launched our new open design system Lynx. Lynx is architected for easy adoption by both mainstream and advanced users and it's aimed at systematizing design for efficiency through a lower risk [soundly ready] path from design to silicon. With production-proven design flows and methodologies for 65 nanometer and below, Lynx enables out-of-the-box functionality without costly CAD infrastructure spending, helping our customers reduce their total cost of design. Not surprisingly, we're already had several adoptions of Lynx, even at this early stage.  As a side note, our San Jose user's group was the best attended in Synopsys' history, attesting to the high level of interest in what we have to offer. Turning to our strategic investments, I'd like to highlight two today - Custom Design and IP. Our new analog mixed signal design solution Custom Designer is generating a lot of interest and is on track for general availability next month. Customers have been impressed not only with a viable alternative to the incumbent but also by the functional and ease of use features in Custom Designer that surpass other offerings.  In the IP space, the recession is accelerating the build versus buy decisions that many customers go through as they streamline their operations for efficiency and differentiation. Purchasing commercial high-quality IP is a good way to save on development costs and to focus one's own designers on the most critical and differentiating portions of a design. During the quarter we expanded our offering with the acquisition of the analog business group of MIPS Technologies. This acquisition adds a new analog IP product line, including data converters, audio codecs and video [inaudible] and complements our portfolio of interface IP with HDMI products.  To conclude, even with the turbulent environment around us, Synopsys again executed well in Q2. We have technology momentum and are seeing significant commitments by key customers to work with us going forward. We are practically balancing technical investments and careful expense controls. Overall, we expect to weather the recession well. We're clearly building for the opportunities waiting in the recover.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian Beattie: Well, thank you, Aart, and good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with our guidance. As a reminder, I'll be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We provided reconciliations in the press release and the financial supplement, which is posted on our website. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. As Aart discussed, we're continuing to manage the business well in what is a difficult economic environment. We delivered solid second quarter results highlighted by top and bottom line growth, strong operating margin, and we exited the quarter in a healthy financial position with $877 million in cash and no debt. Total revenue increased 4% to $336.8 million, within our target range, with greater than 90% of Q2 revenue coming from beginning of quarter backlog. While our Software results remain solid, the slow economy has understandably affected both our Consulting and Hardware businesses as customers continue to focus on reducing costs. This has resulted in some pressure on our Consulting engagements and some delays in Hardware purchases during the quarter. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of second quarter revenue. Now turning to expenses, total GAAP costs and expenses were $282.2 million, which included $10.6 million of amortization of intangible assets and $14.7 million of share-based compensation. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $253.1 million, an expected year-over-year increase due mainly to our Simplicity acquisition, but below our target range due to company wide cost controls and timing of quarterly expenses. For all of 2009 we expect total costs and expenses to increase slightly less than our targeted revenue growth rate.  As we prepare for an uncertain economic outlook for the balance of 2009 and 2010, we implemented broad cost savings initiatives focusing on vendor and contractor costs, compensation and headcount-related expenses, capital expenditures and discretionary spend, including travel and marketing events.  These actions will increase our flexibility to more efficiently manage our expenses to our moderating revenue expectations in this difficult environment. Note also however that while we're managing costs diligently, we intend to fully fund our strategic growth areas, drive product innovation, and expand our technology leadership to emerge from these challenging times as an even more successful company. Continuing on with our key operating metric, non-GAAP operating margin was 24.8% during the quarter and 25.7% for the first half of fiscal 2009. While the timing depends on how the environment improves, we remain committed to our longer-term operating margin target of mid to high 20s.  By proactively aligning expenses with revenue we were able to deliver Q2 earnings above the target ranges we provided at the outset of the quarter. GAAP earnings per share was $0.33 while non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.45. Earnings outperformance was driven primarily by top line growth and expense management along with higher-than-expected other income. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 27.1% for the quarter. For modeling purposes, we think that a 27% non-GAAP tax rate is a reasonable estimate for the full year.  Our revenue visibility remains strong, with 95% coming from backlog. Upfront revenue was 5% of total, well within our target range of less than 10%.  The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was about 3.4 years.  Now as you know from our previous disclosures, we've been involved in a tax dispute with the IRS regarding our 2002 to 2004 tax returns primarily associated with issues related to our acquisition of Avanti. We're pleased to report that during the quarter we reached a tentative settlement with the IRS Examination Division that would resolve this dispute. The settlement is subject to further approval by the government, which we expect will take at least several more months, but as of today we believe that a settlement is likely.  If approved, we would expect the settlement to result in cash payments of approximately $50 million over the next 12 months. This will be fully offset by a reduction in tax payments in future years. We also expect that the settlement would finally permit certain tax refund claims of around $35 million from other years to be paid to the company in 2010.  We reiterate that if the settlement becomes final, we are adequately reserved for these items, so no material P&L impact. The tentative settlement is not included in our 2009 operating cash flow forecast. Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items, in the current environment cash continues to be an area of focus for us and our strong balance sheet provides us with significant financial flexibility. We ended the quarter with $877 million in cash and short-term investments and no debt, an amount that translates into approximately $6.00 per share in cash. Of this balance, 52% is held within the United States.  Operating cash flow was $24.7 million in Q2. We expect higher cash generation in the second half of our fiscal year principally driven by the expected annual payment from a large customer in our third fiscal quarter. However, at this time we feel it's prudent to slightly moderate our FY '09 operating cash flow target to approximately $170 to $190 million due primarily to less-than-planned scheduled collections for the balance of '09.  This slightly lower level is driven primarily by three factors - first, continued late payments from some of our customers; second, bookings coming in slightly below expectations for the year and the timing of these bookings; and third, we're being conservative in our cash collection assumptions given the uncertain economic environment. Now continuing on with our cash and balance sheet items, capital expenditures were $6.5 million in the quarter. For the full year we expect to reduce capital spending by 15% over last year to approximately $30 to $35 million. We did not repurchase stock in the quarter and have approximately $210 million remaining on our current authorization. As always, we'll evaluate the best use of cash each quarter, including company operations, investments and stock repurchases at the time. We value the flexibility that our cash provides.  Now as Aart highlighted, we're excited to have closed the acquisition of the analog business group of MIPS Technologies earlier this month. It was an all-cash deal for approximately $22 million, funded from our U.S. cash balance. We expect the transaction to be approximately $0.04 dilutive to non-GAAP earnings in fiscal 2009, but we will absorb that dilution and are even increasing the bottom end of our EPS guidance. We currently expect the acquisition to be neutral to slightly accretive in fiscal 2010.  Q2 net accounts receivable totaled $189.1 million and DSOs were 51 days, slightly up from last year and well within our target range.  Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $588.5 million.  We ended Q2 with approximately 5,700 employees. This was an expected year-over-year increase due primarily to our Simplicity acquisition and basically flat headcount to the first quarter.  Now moving on to our guidance, for the third quarter of FY '09 our targets are revenue between $342 and $350 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $284.5 and $300 million, which includes approximately $14 million of share-based compensation expense; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $261 and $271 million; other income and expense between zero and $3 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%; outstanding shares between 144 and 149 million; GAAP earnings of $0.26 to $0.31 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $0.40 to $0.42 per share. We expect greater than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog. Now our fiscal 2009 outlook. Based on what we know now, we expect revenue of approximately $1.35 to $1.38 billion; other income and expense between $14 and $18 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%; outstanding shares between 144 and 149 million; GAAP earnings per share, $1.11 and $1.26, which includes the impact of approximately $58 million in share-based compensation expense; non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.62 to $1.72. We've increased the low end of our guidance range by $0.02 despite the slight dilution from our acquisition of the analog business group from MIPS Technologies.  We continue to target a 23% non-GAAP operating margin for the full year and as I mentioned earlier, we're targeting cash flow from operations of $170 to $190 million, which does not include any impact from our tentative tax settlement with the IRS.  In summary, we've completed a good quarter and we're continuing to execute against our earnings targets in this ongoing challenging environment. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Raj Seth - Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company: Aart, I may have missed this; I got on late. Did you make any comment about how fiscal Q2 bookings came in and can you talk a little bit about whether or not - I know the environment still is tough - but have you seen a material change from last quarter or the same general environment?
Aart de Geus: Okay, it's a complex question because let me start with the same general environment. I would argue that the general environment has not fundamentally changed with the exception of obviously many of the semiconductor companies seeing some, quote, "bounce," off the bottom, which was first was attributed to inventory that has to be replenished, now is being viewed as really the market trying to find a little bit more stable state and that stable state is not minus 38%, which is where it was a quarter ago, but is more likely to end up in the minus 20% state or so for the year.  And so in that sense the free fall is over for right now unless there's another major economic disturbance and people are really starting to look forward to where is the industry now going and how long will the recovery be. And in general the scenarios that I hear - and [inaudible] the one that we use from a management point of view - is to just assume that it will then take probably a couple of years to come back to the levels that it used to be in the middle of '08, let's say.  Within that we have clearly seen that we actually had a very good quarter. Overall as we look at the entire year, we communicated that we think that our bookings will be slightly below what we had planned, but [inaudible] as the plans were, you know, done in mid '08 so there's a lot of changes there.  And, by the way, the bookings themselves are less relevant as maybe the run rate, which is slightly down going forward. And that is also moderated by the fact that there's just been a few bankruptcies, a few people that are just very cautious right now. If I were to summarize it, we actually feel that we are in an extraordinarily strong position as a company and that the magnitude of the recession is very deep and that it's only now that many companies are planning how are they going to behave and restructure the industry going forward. And in that situation I think we're in a very good position, but we are well aware that many companies are still very stressed. 
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company:  Given the fact that 2010, certainly the top line, will be driven in large part by what you do from a bookings perspective this year - your model's a little bit unique - any initial thoughts on 2010 assuming you execute on your revised booking objectives in 2009. Is 2010, are you planning for a growth year on the revenue line, first? Anything you say on 2010 would be appreciated. And maybe, Brian, you could touch on the license duration increase in the quarter.
Aart de Geus:  I think it's a bit too early to give guidance to 2010 because there's so many moving parts in the industry. I think that the fact that the overall run rate is down slightly is a piece of what we will take into account as we plan 2010, but there also are many things that we can still do.  And the other thing is that we are certainly solidifying many relationships with customers that today wouldn't dream of spending more, but as business returns or as they find their new stability point will look at how can they improve their differentiation and efficiency. And so we do think that from that perspective we are in a very strong long-term position. But as I said in my preamble, I think that the return of the semiconductor industry - or, as a matter of fact, of the entire economy - is going to take more than just six months.
Brian Beattie: Raj, [inaudible] on the contract length as well. It was 3.4 years in the average contract length we closed in the quarter, and it gave us a good perspective based on the amount of activity we saw about just how the quarter went, you know? But we put that in the context of a real tough recession out there and it really just depends on the customer, the requirement for the software, the timing and expansion of the agreements they have.  And it averaged 3.4; last quarter it was 2.7. I think in the long run it's very, very close to the three years that we've set out for ourselves and that is the length of our agreement, but just during this recession you're going to see a number of contracts - maybe shorter, a number may be even longer it's just given it's such a unique situation out there, that's really what I'd highlight.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Matthew Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co.
Matthew Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Aart, you referred to maybe not wanting to talk about bookings as much as run rate this year. Are you referring to run rate as far as it means inflows of new orders or run rate in terms of your run rate in individual customer; maybe across the board all your customers are using less of your software? 
Aart de Geus: Sure. Matt, for starters, our customers are using more of our software, that's for sure, and that's a good sign. But it's also clear that right now customers cannot spend more. I mean, going to any customer today and say hey, we want more money is just a ridiculous proposition in the midst of a massive recession.  At the same time though we want to make sure that we maintain a healthy ongoing business profile and for that we use the term run rate. And you're absolutely right; we are thinking about those from customer to customer.  The reason I've always cautioned about looking at just orders as the reflector is precisely, following up on the answer Brian just gave, which is from one quarter to another you can have the number of years go from 2.7 to 3.4 and that's a big difference in orders, but may have no change whatsoever in run rate. And so the very fact that there will be big fluctuations is a given in this landscape.  We are managing it very much around the center of gravity of about three years because that's a way that we think to balance our business. 
Matthew Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co.:  Okay, now if, as you stated and I probably agree, your customers are using over time more of your software but they're not paying more, what levers do you have to get paid more?
Aart de Geus: Well, you know, I think that's a correct observation today and, you know, many customers will be very eloquent in formulating that we need to help them right now through this downturn because if we do over time we'll do better, and we partially agree with that. At the same time, though, it is right now that we are building a set of relationships with these customers that are moving, I think, quite far beyond the traditional just selling them software. As a matter of fact, most of our customers, principally driven by the recession, are forced or see the opportunity to revisit their own productivity and predictability model.  And that is perfect for us because for the last few years we've been aiming - aside of trying to have the best possible products to aim at getting the best possible overall results at the best overall design cost. And so focusing on total design costs with the customer is the way we are engaging today, and I think with that comes the opportunity, as they become financially more able to pay more and to be back in business, to really play with us going forward. And so we are really strengthening our position notwithstanding the fact that in the midst of a deep recession you don't go to your customers and say hey, I'm going to charge you more.
Matthew Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co.:  And then sort of in conjunction with this question, Brian, I'm wondering if any changes have been made to the deals that you are signing today in terms of maybe some of the cash collection terms as well as whether or not you're able to command as much in the way of bundled maintenance in a given contract?
Brian Beattie: Okay, sure. The bundled maintenance, by far - by far - the majority of our business activity are the term licenses taken over time, right, our time-based license agreements, so therefore all of the maintenance is bundled into that. There's a very small amount of perpetual licenses where actually maintenance is charged separately. Those are typically, you know, three or four-year-old deals that were struck awhile back, so it's basically embedded and that is built into the pricing levels. When we look at - the first part of the question was around which part?
Matthew Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co.:  Just timing of cash collection.
Brian Beattie: Yes. The payments are up slightly from what we had scheduled earlier. We track each one of them relative to how much cash is due in the first year, second year or third year of the agreement. It's up a little bit. And, again, on a case-by-case basis, as we're looking at the customers going through some of their challenges, we track the payments specifically against their due dates and considering to match that.  But, again, at this quarter we hit 51 days of DSOs. That's well within our range. We have very detailed files, analysis, risk ratings, etc., on the credit positions of each of our customers. And finally really don't take revenue until we have a guarantee that the cash is going to come in. We've almost written off no revenues at all in our history and it's very carefully and conservatively managed relative to the cash payments.  But, you know, that's why with a slight decrease in our cash outlook it's just really recognizing it's a real challenging environment out there with all companies relative to their cash. And we're still in great shape and just moderating it a little bit.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Richard Valera - Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: I'd like to follow up on the run rate discussion. Aart, excluding the couple of bankruptcies you referred to, how was the run rate? Was it nearly flat?  Then sort of a follow up as well to the discussion on primary vendor agreements, I'm just wondering what your historical track record is with increasing run rates when you sign a primary vendor agreement and how that's, you know, played out over the last couple you've signed here during this downturn.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, I think the summary is actually the whole story, which is it's nearly flat. And so there are some people that can afford an increase; there's some people that beg for a decrease. But on average we're doing very well, I would say, with that. That's why I'm saying it's a good indicator to be a little bit careful to not expect huge increases out of customers at a moment where they just can't afford to commit to that, but at the same time we are very bullish on the position that we're building with a number of customers and we think that the very fact that we can provide a strong solution that is aimed at helping their overall cost equation while not having to charge more for it today is very attractive to our customers. 
Richard Valera - Needham & Company:  And just the other part of the question with respect to the primary vendor agreements, you know, what's your - I would assume historically that's implied an increase in run rate, if you can confirm if that's true, and then what has been your experience recently? Has it been more of a flattish run rate despite signing one of these primary deals?
Aart de Geus: I think your characterization is correct. I would actually not say that there is such a big difference from where it was historically to where it is today. It is very often the case that the primary agreement is really around the core of the technology that people need no matter what, and then there are opportunities to upsell from there as we solidify our position and there are opportunities for our customers to reduce their cost bases by essentially focusing on fewer vendors that provide a more complete solution.  And so, you know, the fact that somebody becomes one of our primary EDA partners has many other relationship ramifications that really, I think, bode well for the long term going forward, but they include to be able to sell them more capability. Now the objective is not here to reduce our total available market; the objective is to increase it. But it's also clear that the technical complexity and the interaction level needed to be successful has gone up and therefore working well with these customers bodes well, I think, for both them, most importantly, and hopefully for us as the business picture clarifies going forward. 
Richard Valera - Needham & Company:  And then a couple of questions on the guidance. I guess this is for you, Brian. You have a $30 million delta in your full year revenue guidance with only two quarters to go, which seems like a quite big range given the predictability of your model would seem to imply to get to the low end you'd need to do almost no perpetual revenue, it would seem, or upfront revenue. So question number one, you know, why such a big range with only two quarters to go? And number two, if you take your nine-month EPS, year-to-date EPS, and back that away from your full year guidance, it looks like you're looking for $0.25 to $0.35 in the fourth quarter. I'm trying to understand why that EPS number is so low in the fourth quarter. Is that a new run rate or is there some unusual expenses in the fourth quarter relative to, say, the third quarter?
Brian Beattie: Okay, a good question.  On the range itself, I think, again, we're one of those companies that does provide guidance; a lot of people have kind of looked at it. And we wanted to give a range that, as we've traditionally done, keeps us within the boundaries of what we set out. So in a way you might call that conservative revenue. And really relative to the trend that we're seeing on revenues, it keeps moving along, you know? There's no anticipation of any major surprises. It's just tough out there, you know? We're just watching the credit; we're watching the situations with any consolidations happening amongst the semiconductor players and other activities going on. But you're right, we're highly predictable. We just have, you know, our traditional wider range. And we only have two quarters left to go, so I just locked that into being a conservative position on it but still feeling very confident that we're going to get through this within those ranges.  You know, as I look ahead then to Q3 and Q4, it's really just, again, the expense timing relative to when those costs come in, relative variable compensation, which for us typically picks up towards the third and fourth quarter relative to the performance metrics that we've established for the company, and we have higher levels of confidence as we move towards the end of the year.  And so I think, again, it's just a pretty good profile that has allowed us to maintain our operating margins, to increase, even with the $0.04 dilution from the new acquisition, to actually increase the bottom end of that earnings guidance and come out for the year real tight against what we set up initially in an extremely tough environment.  So we're pretty proud of the expense management and delivering the revenues as we expected to get on the EPS numbers. 
Richard Valera - Needham & Company:  If I could just ask that a little bit of a different way, the fourth quarter, assuming you did flattish sequential revenue from the third quarter, which would be within your guidance, the lower EPS would be due, it sounds like, to higher commissions, perhaps, and maybe some incremental dilution from the MIPS deal. Are those the two main contributors?
Brian Beattie: Yes, those are both contributors and beyond just the commission piece, but the whole variable compensation, which goes beyond just the sales team. And, again, as we deliver, we'll be accruing those expenses against our performance metrics for the year. So it really just builds up. And again, trying to be, you know, conservative in the expense outlook and, again, prepare us for 2010 to get our expenses as low as we can leading in. And it's a typical fourth quarter for us relative to the profile that we see every single year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: So the first question is, when I look at the jump in the average duration, you know, if we look at the industry as a whole there have been periods in the past where some vendors, when you saw a jump in duration, it was because the environment was tough and it was because of increased discounting. Can you give just some description based on what's happening in pricing and discounting because, you know, the predictability of your model, I thought that was kind of the alleviation of having to give in to some of the pressures. 
Aart de Geus: Certainly. First, on duration, you know, one of the reasons I'm always hesitant should we release this on a quarter-by-quarter basis is because it's not meaningful data mostly. The running average is far more meaningful, which are really around about three years. Now sometimes people want to have a longer duration because they essentially want to lock in pricing and feel that in a relationship they don't want to be feeling subject to price changes when things move on. There's a positive for us in that in that people commit to us. On the other hand we may argue the opposite, which is, say, you know, shorter durations are better because now is not the time to ask for premium pricing and locking it in for too long is a negative. And so the bottom line of all of that is I think we are very cognizant of the dynamics in both dimensions and that is the very reason that in the last four or five years we've actually been, I think, extremely systematic to keep it sort of at roughly the same average. Now having said that, there's no question that a number of customers right now are shifting their decision-making to be more encompassing about some of the relationships they're going into, and they are seeing that the complexity of design is demanding a degree of integration of the tools but also of the integration of the interaction between user and supplier that is different from the past to be successful.  And a number of companies are absolutely de-risking their profile of suppliers that they're using. That is a benefit for us. I think we are a safe bet. I think we're better than a safe bet. We have a number of technologies that will help them going forward. And so the discussions about the length of the deals are not difficult. It is really sort of what makes sense, what's the timeline of what they have already running with us, and a little bit a feel for how do you minimize the degree of anxiety on both sides.  So the length of the deal is a non-event in the negotiation. It's not something we're pushing or pulling one way or another.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan:  And then can you describe a little bit the linearity of the bookings through the quarter because you mentioned kind of the improvement in terms of the inventory refresh and there's been some discussions about layoffs possibly mitigating. So can you just talk about what you saw in terms of the linearity of bookings?
Aart de Geus: You know, I think at the beginning of the quarter we already had a pretty good sense of what business was actionable and it fundamentally didn't change all that much during the quarter. Now part of that is many of the companies we deal with are well aware that they have to do cuts or that the future is uncertain, but they're also very well aware that they need to have a strong set of relationships with their key suppliers to stay in business and do well.  And so the very fact that certainly initially in the downturn we saw people be very nervous making any commitments, just sort of putting it on hold and given that many deals are three-year deals that still have some time to run, there was no super urgency, I think we reported that first quarter orders were very low compared to the second quarter, which was essentially normal. And so I think we're sort of back to normal business in a still very not-normal economy. 
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan:  And Brian, I got the $0.04 dilution from the acquisition, but I missed if you said it - did you actually tell us what the revenue contribution expected and what the revenue model on the acquisition looks like?
Brian Beattie: No. No, I didn't say that, so you didn't miss anything. What we said was it's not material to our next year and that we thought in 2010 the impact of this latest acquisition would be slightly accretive on balance. You know, we typically go through haircuts on deferred revenues and things like that. So don't see it as a major item, you know? We're factoring that, of course, into the guidance and expenses and revenue for the balance of '09, and everything we said includes those metrics. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Do you guys feel that the EDS spend by your customers, customer spend, has actually lagged the other cuts they made in other segments?  And as a follow up, even if the semi customers' revenue declined for this year, it's not going to get any worse. Do you feel that the EDS spending cuts might actually [accelerate] as we go to the [inaudible]?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think there are two comments to that. First, by definition they're lagging because many of our agreements are multi-year agreements and so, with the exception of customers that essentially go completely out of business, where you would feel the effect immediately, for most of the other customers, aside of the pleading for help, there's not much that occurs. Now having said that, going forward as some of the customers re-look at their relationships, sign up some primary vendor relationships, I think we will see some shift in spending. But on the positive side, there's no question that as many customers have gotten more and more out of manufacturing and are paying more and more attention to differentiation in design, there's an opportunity for us to really have impact there.  One of the reasons I mentioned earlier why I'm so enthusiastic about some of these key relationships is because we're essentially strengthening a long-term relationship around the core offering of the company, but there's opportunity to upsell from there once their economic outlook starts to brighten up. And there's no question that from a technology necessity they will need a lot more technology. So the opportunity's there.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. Since the start of the downturn, can you characterize how many new relationships have you guys locked up, either with customers whom you did not do much business with or selling new tool sets to old customers?  And as a follow up, my impression from your answers to previous questions was that whereas so far you haven't seen a distinct increase in the contract size. Even when you increase the size of the relationship with the customer, you are hoping to do better with customers as the economy picks up. 
Aart de Geus: Well, there are many questions in your question. Let me start with new customers. There are very few truly new customers, you know, partially because today we touch virtually every electronics company in the world. And as you can imagine, the number of startups right now is rather limited and the number of people that are going to spend a lot of money from scratch is essentially nil. Having said that, there have been a few startups and there have been a few companies that we've gotten into because of the interest via some of the new IP, via some of the prototyping capabilities, so there some of the new products that we have are finding traction in places that before we didn't necessarily touch. Now regarding the main players, which are really the big companies where we seek to have profound long-term relationships, in general I would say that the spending overall has not really gone up because there's no way they're going to spend more right now at the very time where they're trying to cut costs in many dimensions.  At the same time, though, it's also not practical for them to just cut the costs because they are either in existing contracts or they have a very real need for all of our products and we're not going to give our value away for free.  And so I think the joint objective for both of these crucial customers in the industry and ourselves is to say how do we both work on a better future and the better future absolutely says how do we make you more efficient from a true overall productivity and predictability point of view. In other words, you know, let's put a dent in cost of design because that will make them more competitive; that will make us more relevant to them.  And in that context, for example, we introduced a very exciting product, Lynx, which is essentially a design flow that has been enabled for the customer to over time start really optimizing for productivity. And so it's a different level of interaction with them already and I think all of those things really bode well and we are essentially investing for post-recession, if you can call it like that. 
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets:  On the matter of the lower bookings run rate, can you comment on how much of the lower run rate is the cause of company bankruptcies and how much of it is because of a slightly lower average contract size of the surviving companies?
Aart de Geus: I don't know the exact number; it's probably about half or something like that, rough numbers. And yes, there have been a number of bankruptcies. I can't say that that is, you know, overwhelming the picture. That would not be correct.  Maybe the other aspect that has seen some marked pressure is the services and that's not really a surprise because, you know, if you are a company where the mandate comes top down cut costs, what does everybody do? The first thing they do is to look at anybody who's not employed in the company and cut their service or their short-term contract. So actually we've seen a slight rebound on that this quarter. Again, let's not overemphasize these things. I think we're in the noisy phase of a recession turning into a recovery, and the very reason we communicate a certain degree of caution is because we've seen these before and when people hit bottom they make it sound as if, you know, the end of the tunnel is here. I think the reality is the recession will take some time to work out. But knowing that reality, I think we can really take advantage of it for the long term. 
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets:  And lastly, what's going to be the earning model for the analog IP that you guys acquired from MIPS, upfront or would that also be subscription based?
Aart de Geus: Well, the IP is more upfront than certainly the software because in the vast majority of the situations it's essentially a perpetual license with some restrictions. So the perpetual license may be only for a project or only for a product family or only for some period of time, but essentially it is, in simple terms, you get paid when it gets delivered. So in that sense most of what comes out of the new acquisition will probably follow exactly the same profile. The other comment I would like to make is, you know, what we are taking there, which is, I think, there's some fabulous technology in that acquisition, but we want to make really, really sure that it also fits the Synopsys quality profile. One of the reasons that we have built, I think, such a good IP franchise is because we have really over invested in verification with our IP, which is really necessary. And so it will take a little bit of time to fully absorb this into Synopsys.  But we're very excited about it because it also ties well to our rollout of Custom Designer, which is, of course, the other area that is very exciting because it's an area that, on the analog implementation, we had no position, and so, you know, that means there's only upside there.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan:  How would you characterize - I think we talked at the end of last fiscal year coming into this fiscal year that you had on a relative basis a little bit weaker renewal opportunity set, at least in the beginning of the fiscal year. How would you characterize the amount of business that’s coming up for renewal in the coming couple of quarters and when do we get to a point where maybe the renewal opportunity starts to improve to help offset some of the economic malaise that we're in?
Aart de Geus: Well, if you don't mind, let me just disagree with your premise. The number of people that keep talking about renewal cycles is just amazing because, you know, to us that is not the key driver to our business. The key driver is the renewals are spread over roughly three years and the renewals tend to be about three years. And so if a renewal is early a quarter or two or later a quarter or two, it has no impact on the revenue whatsoever. However, there are some changes if you renew earlier or later which is can you sell additional capabilities, can you change the relationship and so on, and what we see is that in a time of high uncertainty, such as right now, different companies react differently. There's some people that immediately stop thinking about renewals because they have so many other challenges; there are other companies that think now is the time to cut a deal and maybe it's cheaper, and yet other companies that think hey, you know, now is the time to really re-think strategically where we want to be in two to three years, who will be our key partners and how do we make sure that we have both safety in our relationships but also a highly leveraged relationship going forward? And we see all of those and that's why all these talks about renewals and length of deal tend to be so noisy. But the principles are very basic, old school business principles.  So understanding that reasonably well, we've taken an approach of saying well, let's be with the customer on their most fundamental question, which is how do they over the next two years improve their business picture by becoming on one hand more streamlined economically, on the other hand, more competitive with additional differentiation. That is the dialogue that we have with all the people that we have now these broader relationships with, and it gradually morphs how we think about our own mission, notwithstanding that on a day-to-day basis we'll fight to create the best possible individual product. So I don't actually even know that there would be any difference in renewal numbers or key pieces from one year to another, the exception being one or two companies that tend to be very large, but even there there's a high degree of variability.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan:  Right. But I think the reason that we still focus on it is while it may not matter dramatically to the revenue run rate as you spread it out, it does give an indication or it has an impact on cash flow, at least in the recent past, given how you guys collect. Cash flow is also an important valuation metric in the sector. The question is, you know, if you get to a point where some of the renewals pick up, you know, maybe we see cash flow moving in the other direction; that could point to improved health. 
Aart de Geus: Actually, Sterling, you make an excellent point. I hadn't thought about that. But your point is absolutely correct. And actually you can see - one additional reason why people sometimes don't want to make any moves because they don't want to, you know, engage any cash at the moment where they're holding it as much as they can.  But your point is actually well taken and I had not thought about it that way. 
Operator:  And presenters, we'll turn the conference back over to you at this time.
Aart de Geus: Well, thank you for attending this earnings release. As usual, Brian and I will be available for some comments and clarification afterwards.  We do think that we are in a very, very good position in a very unique time environment, and we're actually quite excited about the momentum of the company. And hopefully we were able to give you an objective and balanced perspective of both the market and our situation. Thank you for your time.
Operator:  Thank you. And, ladies and gentlemen, that does then conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation as well as using AT&T's Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-02-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank – Vice President of Investor Relations Aart de Geus - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Brian Beattie – Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Rich Valera – Needham and Company Raj Seth - Cowen & Company Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Company K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets Saket Kalia - JPMorgan  
Operator: Welcome to Synopsys Inc.’s earnings conference call for the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call I will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.  At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations.  
Lisa Ewbank: Good afternoon everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. During the course of this conference call, Synopsys may make forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, the company's actual results and performance are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our 10-K for fiscal year ended October 31, 2008, and in our earnings release for the first quarter of fiscal year 2009 issued earlier today. In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call, as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information, can be found in our first quarter earnings release and financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus. 
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I am pleased to report that our first quarter of fiscal 2009 was capped by solid financial performance, continued technology momentum, and visible customer success. Let me begin with our financial results. In Q1, we delivered revenue of $339.8 million, 8% growth year over year. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.50, well above our target range. We achieved these results under a predictable business model with more than 90% time-based revenue. With the recession in mind, we continue to focus on expense controls and operating efficiency, and we expect our earnings to be solidly on track for the year. Finally, we excited the quarter with $842 million of cash and no debt.  Turning to the overall landscape, we see that in the deepening recession, our customers are de-risking every aspect of their business, and our strong position clearly sets us apart from other suppliers. In other words, because of our financial stability, we can and do continue to invest in technology development and provide vital support. This customer scrutiny of vendor stability is unlikely to change anytime soon. I just spent a number of weeks traveling to customers in the US and Europe and attending world economic forums. As I tally the perspectives of the nearly 100 executives I talked to, most believe that the recession will be deep and are preparing for it to last well into 2010. It’s fair to say that all customers are battening down their hatches and focusing on reducing risk and even more importantly reducing costs. At the same time, many of our customers are also keeping an eye on the future. These companies are explicitly using this difficult time to streamline their processes and better focus on the most important customer, technology, and current projects. Fortunately for the EDA industry, semiconductor expense cuts have been mostly on the manufacturing side. Our gross margin is sensitive to chip volume. On the R&D side, design is clearly continuing, albeit with some caution. Many customers are reassessing their design flows with the goal of coming out of the recession streamlined, more efficient, and recovery ready with compelling new products to sell into an improving economy.  This trend plays well for Synopsys’ strength, and we fully intend to emerge as an even more viable partner for our customers. Not only are we their safest bets based on our financial stability and the completeness of our product portfolio so that we can actually help them attack their total cost of design, and with our advanced methodologies and tools help ensure that they remain technically robust. The proof of this trend is evident in our steadily growing number of primary partner relationships. Today for example, we announced that LSI has joined a number of other key companies in selecting Synopsys as its primary EDA partner. Across our portfolio ranging from digital design to digital and analog verification to IP and low power solutions, LSI is betting on Synopsys to jointly drive design cost efficiency and technology leverage.  Meanwhile, we’re actively working with several other important companies on transitions to similar partnerships. While we intend to weather the storm and expect to come out of the recession in an even stronger position, we are very mindful of the economic uncertainty and of the challenges our customers are facing. Since January, we have seen a couple of companies filing for bankruptcy protection and an increase in late payments. Bookings were lighter than expected, and we anticipate that some customers hesitant to make commitments with little visibility in their business will renew contracts closer to their expiration.  Our business model is well suited for times like these. Timing of orders is less important enabling us to focus on what is best in the long term for our customers and ourselves. The economic outlook is uncertain though, and we are aiming to deliver continued solid earnings. We’ve already taken a number of expense mitigation steps contributing to solid Q1 EPS. Having said that, our top priority is to avoid any disruption to our customers in either technology or support. So we continue to systematically reduce expenses in non-differentiating areas and invest those resources to drive long term customer success and commitment. With this approach, we feel confident we’ll be prepared if the market continues to soften. If the market starts to improve, all the better. Now, let me turn to our technology which has been a critical factor as customers select their key partners. We have a comprehensive portfolio built over many years from the system level through design and verification of both digital and analog mixed signal chips and down to manufacturing. Our leading IP portfolios span the key connectivity protocols today, and our global engineering force is unmatched in terms of talent, scale, and expertise. We continue to invest strongly in R&D and are delivering technology enhancements across our core portfolio, focused primarily on performance and cost effectiveness. In physical design, IC Compiler features a new router that delivers 10X faster performance and better quality of results. Based on a large amount of customer feedback, we feel that our physical solution is stronger than it has ever been, and we’re seeing significant competitive wins. In December, we delivered the much faster multicore version of PrimeTime. In addition, we are collaborating with companies such as ST Microelectronics to develop leading edge methodologies and flows for low power and high performance cells. We now have multi-core capability throughout the digital design platform, a key differentiator for Synopsys. In verification, we delivered major performance and ease of use advances in VCS that have already driven competitive win with both advanced and more mainstream customers. In manufacturing, our TCAD is increasingly used by customers developing process technology, especially advanced modes. TCAD simulation is able to reduce a good amount of expensive hardware based experimentations and thus helps to get better technology at lower costs.  Looking forward, we see a strong technical pipeline as well. In March, at our San Jose user group conference, we will be introducing many new capabilities. First a single solution for custom simulation that combines accuracy and speech features into one flexible easy to deploy solution. Second, an extension of our multi-core capability to VCS functional verification, and finally we will introduce a brand new top-down approach to helping customers reduce their total cost of design. That is streamline their design projects, optimize EDA investments, and manage projects to get faster and more predictable results. This new design system is architected for easy of adoption providing both mainstream and advanced users a more efficient, low-risk foundry ready path from design to silicon. Stay tuned for more details. I’d like to now highlight two of our strategic investments—custom designs and system level solutions. In just the first few months of limited customer availability, our new analog mix signal design solution custom designer has generated a substantial amount of customer interest and new orders again in Q1. While small companies with legacy cost structure were the natural initial target customers, we’re increasingly seeing interest from larger customers wanting to evaluate our solution. General availability is currently on track for the spring.  At the system level, we are addressing the accelerating demand for more effective yet powerful hardware based verification solutions. Last week, we introduced an expanded rapid prototyping platform, Confirma. It already includes the recently acquired CHIPit technology which significantly improves the economics of both embedded software development and system validation. Synopsys now delivers a comprehensive software to silicon verification solution, from system modeling to rapid prototyping in virtual platforms to functional verification and analog mix signal simulation.  To conclude, while the economic weather became more turbulent, Synopsys began the year with solid Q1 results. In addition, a number of customers have increased their reliance on Synopsys as they ride out the tempest. While transitions are never simple, we are helping them reduce their total cost of design while capturing the benefits of a more streamlined design methodology. As the saying goes, never let a crisis go unused. Together with our customers, we’re doing exactly that.  In summary, our strategy for ’09 is to weather the recession and emerge even stronger by being fiscally conservative, competitively aggressive and strategically focused.  With that now I will turn the call over to Brian Beattie. 
Brian Beattie: Good afternoon everyone. In my comments today I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with our guidance. As a reminder, I will be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We have provided reconciliations in the press release and financial supplement posted on our website. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year over year unless I specify otherwise.  We executed well in the first quarter to deliver solid revenue and earnings growth, strong operating margins, and our balance sheet remains very healthy. Total revenue increased 8% to $3339.8 million, at the high end of our target range, with greater than 90% of Q1 revenue coming from beginning of quarter backlog. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of first quarter revenue.  Turning to expenses, total GAAP costs and expenses were $272 million, which included $11.8 million of amortization of intangible assets and $14.1 million of share-based compensation. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $250 million, an expected year over year increase due mainly to our Synplicity acquisition but also slightly below our target range due to companywide cost control and timing of quarterly expenses. For the balance of the year, we expect typical quarterly expense profile with a sequential increase in total expenses in both Q2 and Q3 and a traditionally higher Q4. For all of 2009, we continue to expect total costs and expenses to increase generally in line with or slightly less than our targeted revenue growth.  Non-GAAP operating margin was approximately 26% during the quarter, a very good start towards achieving our goal of 23% for the full year. We intend to aggressively manage expenses to reach our margin targets and prepare for an uncertain outlook in 2010 while at the same time aligning resources to where Synopsys will add value to our customers.  Turning now to earnings, GAAP earnings per share were $0.37. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.50, exceeding our target range. Earnings outperformance was driven by solid topline growth and expense control, higher than expected other income, a slightly lower than expected tax rate, and fewer shares outstanding. Our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 26% for the quarter. For modeling purposes, we think that a 27% non-GAAP tax rate is a reasonable estimate for the full year. Our revenue visibility remained strong. Upfront revenue was 5% of total, well within our target range of less than 10%, even with the inclusion of hardware sales. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was about 2.7 years. Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items, our balance sheet remains very healthy with $842 million in cash and short-terms investments and no debt. Of this balance, 53% is held within the US. As expected, there was an operating cash outflow of $82 million in the quarter due primarily to the timing of our annual incentive compensation payments. For all of 2009, we’re closely monitoring cash collections as we’ve seen a recent increase in late payments from some of our customers; however, at this time, we’re maintaining our FY09 operating cash flow target of approximately $200 to $220 million. Continuing on with our cash and balance sheet items, capital expenditures were $8 million in the quarter, and for the full year, we expect to reduce capital spending by 15% to approximately $30 to $35 million. We did not repurchase stock in the quarter and have approximately $210 million remaining on our current authorization. Also recall that we acquired CHIPit assets of Prodesign during the quarter in an all cash deal funded from a combination of our international and US cash balances. As always, we will evaluate the best uses of cash each quarter including company operations, investments, and stock repurchases. Our strong cash balance has served us well in the current environment, and in the near term, we value the flexibility that our cash provides. We’re also pleased with the high quality and conservative risk profile of our cash investment portfolio.  Q1 net accounts receivable totaled $150 million, and we maintained industry-leading DSOs of 40 days. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $609 million. We ended Q1 with approximately 5700 employees. This was an expected year-over-year increase due primarily to our acquisition of Synplicity, but also slightly down from our Q4 headcount. For all of 2009, we currently expect headcount to be about flat with year end 2008. Now moving on to guidance, for the second quarter of FY '09, our targets are revenue between $332 and $340 million, total GAAP costs and expenses between $280.5 and $296 million, which includes approximately $15 million of share-based compensation expense, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $257 and $267 million, other income and expense between zero and $3 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%, outstanding shares between 142 million and 147 million, GAAP earnings of $0.25 to $0.30 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $0.39 to $0.41 per share. We expect greater than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog. Now our fiscal 2009 outlook: Based on what we know now, we expect revenue of approximately $1.37 to $1.40 billion, other income and expense between $6 and $10 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%, outstanding shares between 144 million and 149 million, GAAP earnings per share between $1.11 and $1.27, which includes the impact of approximately $60 million in share-based compensation expense. Given the uncertain environment, we’re maintaining our non-GAAP earnings per share, of $1.60 to $1.72; however, after delivering solid Q1 earnings, we have more confidence in this range and expect a penny or two of our Q1 over-achievement to benefit full year earnings driven primarily by higher than expected other income. As I mentioned earlier, we are still targeting cash flow from operations of $200 to $220 million. In conclusion, I’m pleased with our first quarter execution given the many challenges in the global marketplace. We delivered solid financial results highlighted by top and bottomline growth and continued solid operating margins. We exited Q1 in a strong financial position providing us the flexibility to best position our business for long term growth during this difficult period.  With that, I will turn it over to the operator for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from the line of Rich Valera with Needham and Company.  
Rich Valera – Needham and Company: Aart, just wanted to ask a question on the bookings front. You mentioned that booking were a little lighter than expected in the quarter. I know last quarter you had mentioned you were still seeing some increasing run rates on your renewals. I just wanted to get your sense of what was it that caused the light bookings in the quarter. Was it lower run rate renewals or was it just some companies deferring their actual orders into future periods?
Aart de Geus: Rich, it was clearly the second. The run rates are flattish. The reason people tend to renew sluggishly, if that’s the word, is that they’re clearly not having much visibility themselves, and so what I expect will continue to happen over the next many quarters is that people are just gradually going to drift more towards the end of the contracts because at this point in time making no decision is often easier than making any decision. 
Rich Valera – Needham and Company: With respect to the duration, which was the lowest seen in quite a while, do you think there’s anything to that? Do you think customers are less willing to make long-term commitments now, or is this just noise in the statistics?
Aart de Geus: I think it’s mostly noise, although I think you’re still aiming at a very interesting question because I think that we’re going to see more binary behavior, meaning that we clearly see some customers that want to do business with us and that are banking on us wanting to actually at times do longer deals whereas people that are not sure will just try to minimize any decision they have to make, and so I think the sample set was not all that relevant in this case, but nonetheless, I think it’s not indicative of a major trend yet. 
Rich Valera – Needham and Company: Last quarter, you gave us a qualitative bookings guidance that you expected book to bill to be slightly less than 1 to 1 for the year. Would you care to update that? Presumably maybe you would expect it to be slightly weaker than that. I don’t know if you’d be willing to add any color to that previous guidance.
Aart de Geus: Largely, I don’t want to do that partially because I don’t think I have necessarily the color. I think there are an enormous number of moving pieces right now in the economy, and so it is possible that a number of people suddenly decide to want to do longer deals with us, and it is also possible that we see a number of people just waiting for their contracts to end, and thus be back more next year or the year after, and so frankly I don’t have the answer. I think we’re in a good situation that from a business point of view we’re well placed, and from a business model point of view, we’re of course in an outstanding position.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen & Company
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Brian, a question for you. In the $2.6 billion of backlog that you exited last year, I notice in your supplement what looks like a new note highlighting the fact that there may be some risk to the backlog, and I’m wondering if you could expand a little bit on whether you think you have exposure in the backlog and what it is that would move in these what I thought were contractual commitments with customers.
Brian Beattie: The contracts that we have as bookings are all firm commitments, legally binding, no escape clauses, so they’re really locked down. What we saw in the quarter was a couple of our customers filing for protection under Chapter 11 under the bankruptcy court, so in that case, to the extent there is some of their business still in the backlog, then we will de-book that as a conservative approach to take our any forecasted revenues and any forecasted bookings that will come in there. Up to this point though, it’s a very immaterial number for our total backlog, but we’ll continue to monitor it, continue to look at cash payments, collections, and credit status of the customers, but as you know, the majority of our customers are very large semiconductor companies who are financially pretty stable, albeit with some uncertain times in front of them.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Aart, abstracting away from some of the detail in the quarter, etc., the semi industry and certainly the capital equipment side the worst downturn ever. I’ve heard people Mike Splinter suggest that we’re going to see profound structural changes in this industry. There’s obviously a push to consolidation, etc. How do you think, and maybe it’s too early, but what do you think happens to the industry and what are the implications of likely consolidation and some of what’s going on in EDA and specifically Synopsys in your view?
Aart de Geus: First, I agree with Mike’s perspective that the entire semiconductor industry is going to shift towards a more efficient model one way or another, but I don’t think it’s unique at all to the semiconductor industry. It’s clearly part of a massive recession that initially had nothing to do with semiconductor industry, so having said that, the first call there is that many of the products that are on the market today may have a hiatus or may be working down on their inventory, but over time, it’s an industry that will come back and will continue to deliver and develop many new products. Having said that though, I think that the entire industry looking for efficiency will also look at how to do better design, and fortunately, we’re in a very good position because we started to focus on total cost of design already a few years ago, and you certainly have heard me say many times that includes much more integrated design flows, it includes better utilization of the most advanced tools and technologies, and gradually a more consolidated spending picture. In that context, next month in March, we’ll be rolling out specifically a tool set around making the design flow much more manageable, so we’re very much aimed at how do we help not only the technology future but also the cost equation of our customers. So notwithstanding that, there are huge economic waves around us. I think our ship happens to be particularly robust at this point in time.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: How do you think about M&A in this environment? You clearly indicated that you’re going to be very careful with cash, that cash is king. I think that’s good. There are a lot of really wounded companies in this ecosystem here that you can almost buy for free. Is this something that you still consider or you’re not really looking at M&A at this point or is indeed a mechanism that you can use to get even further ahead in the short term?
Aart de Geus: We’re always keeping our mind open and looking at everything. At the same time, in M&A right now, the A in many cases stands for attrition, meaning that there are a lot changes occurring with companies that I don’t think will survive period, and of course one may be tempted to look at spending money on those, but upon closer inspection, often one finds that it will take more money than it brings in in the future. Having said that, I think that it is very difficult to predict the whole makeup of the recession going forward. We will be careful. We’re fiscally, I think, at this point very conservative, because we realize full well that in these waves one needs to be very careful with the cash. Having said that, I think we just acquired a small asset this past quarter, CHIPit, that fits particularly well into our offering in an area that is seeing very great customer demand which is rapid prototyping, and so I think it shows you that we will be open to interesting opportunities, but we’re certainly not rushing into things.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Petkun with D.A. Davidson & Company. 
Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Company: Brian, on the expense line, that was where we saw some of the upside obviously in Q1, and you did mention that there were some cost cuts. Looking to the guidance for Q2, I know you said to expect expense growth as revenues grow, but it looks like revenues this quarter could be flattish but we’re still going to see about $11 million in crease in non-GAAP expenses. Can you help us understand where we’re going to see that increase?
Brian Beattie: The expenses are going to fluctuate from quarter to quarter, just given the levels of accruals we make, the business levels of activity that we close in a quarter, and it’s going to move around a little bit, and this is pretty typical for us. Q1 typically is a lighter quarter, and then as various teams hit various compensation levels and so on throughout the year, the expense base and commissions and so on gradually increases until basically you’re into an accelerated mode in the fourth quarter, so that’s what we’re representing as far as the profile we expect for the rest of this year.
Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Company: Any commentary, Aart, you might be willing to share in terms of the pricing environment, especially in light of your commentary about maybe some competitors facing more pressures?
Aart de Geus: I think there’s no question that some people will fight for survival at this point in time, and will try to do that at the end of the day with pricing. At the same time, it’s also clear that quite a number of customers have now become very concerned about a variety of suppliers not just in our domain and would be weary even if things are very cheap to commit their future on companies that they’re not sure are going to be around, and so that doesn’t mean that there’s no price pressure. There has always been, but it’s also clear that we have the opportunity to keep investing. In fact, we have the opportunity by the way to also keep supporting on a global basis many of our customers, and that has not gone unnoticed.
Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Company: Aart, on the last call you will talk about the opportunity with maybe a specific deal on a specific consolidation scenario where you guys might have an opportunity to improve your standing. Have you see that business come in this quarter, and is there any way you could elaborate on that?
Aart de Geus: Actually one of them was, I believe, announced today which is with LSI where we had worked closely with them over a period of time to see how we could help them optimize their overall design flow and solution, and they clearly picked us as their primary partner for the future, and so there are quite a number of these types of situations that we’re working on. As you can imaging, every company is different by virtue of their history, their type of designs, etc., but the common denominator in all of those things is the same, which is how do you I stay a the leading edge from a technology point of view and how do I simultaneously rein in the cost, and that is the dialogue that is the dialogue that we absolutely seek with our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of K.C. Rajkumar with RBC Capital Markets
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: You guys mentioned that you expect people to drift closer to the contract renewal date as the year drags on. Can you just comment on how many or what fraction of customers you expect that to happen to and if that places any pressure on the target bookings which you have fiscal ’09?
Aart de Geus:  From a sales force point of view, there’s always pressure on booking because that is their main role in the company. At the time, precisely because we have a business model that has been crafted over many years, we can plan ahead and sort of see what is going to happen in the economy and prepare the company. If the downturn worsens, then we can plan ahead from an expense point of view. If it starts to look up, we can take positive strides from there. Be it as it may, I think we’re in a relatively solid position, and not likely to be sort of held hostage at the end of a quarter, if that’s the right terminology. I think if one doubles up from that picture, I think we fundamentally have to realize that this is very deep and long recession, and therefore for us the most important thing is really how do we help our customers do well during this time, how do we help them focus on their total cost of design, and at the same time make sure that the business we do is healthy for the long term, and I think if we follow those premises, Synopsys will fare just fine. 
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets:  Is it fair to assume that as and when your customers renew closer to their contract expiry, some of those contracts would simply slip into next fiscal year and probably therefore that has now placed your fiscal ’09 guidance into any jeopardy?
Aart de Geus: Well, these are bookings contracts, and typically if you take a round number for all three years, while the contract is running, fundamentally we keep reporting on revenue on a completely ratable fashion, so it really doesn’t matter technically if a booking is on this side or the other side of fiscal quarter or fiscal year. Now from a sales point of view, of course, we drive our sales force to continue to work the customer interactions and close booking, but from a revenue point of view, it is all a very smooth transition, so I think as I said earlier what is very unique and very powerful about this business model is that it allows us to plan much further ahead and take preemptive action if necessary well ahead of the time that there may be challenges.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Aart, you made a comment earlier which goes “never let crises go unused.” Can you elaborate what you mean by that comment?
Aart de Geus: Yes, and pardon if this is a little bit too popular management, but many people will say that crises are opportunities to make changes that companies have wanted to do or should have done a long time ago, but so often the daily urgency takes precedence on the long term imperative, and so as many of our customers are forced to relook at their P&L and are very much compelled to look at their cost equation, they also realize that not just the spending in EDA but how they spend in EDA is often suboptimal including a lot of internal work that could be reduced or could be improved upon, and so one of the key values we think we can bring to our customers is to explain and show them how they can substantially streamline their design flows, follow some standardization in IP use for example that allows them to cut the amount of expenses they have around these flows, and what happens in crisis situations is only high level management has a much higher degree of attention for these types of proposals than in the past and thus there is a better opportunity for us to advocate that perspective, and indeed we’re seeing that we’re having quite a number of high level dialogue with customers to help them save money in the long term and in the process build a very strong relationship with Synopsys.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Maybe this is way too early to ask this question, but for those customers who are due to renew next year, what are you guys hearing from them? Are they coming back to you guys and tell you that they expect that things are still on track or is it too early to ask that question. I guess what I’m getting at is what is the sense that you guys have on your customers who are due to renew next year?
Aart de Geus:  Frankly it’s not always not the best idea to start asking customers that renew way in the future now what they think as everybody is looking at a recession that is not fully understood, and so there is no reason to rush forward on that, and I think it’s also fair to say that it is very difficult to predict what will happen. The stimuli may have some impact in the short term, but maybe it’s just sufficient to keep the economy going rather than prospering again. Be it as it may, my own sense is that we probably do well to be very conservative and careful at this time and that an assumption of thinking that the recession could go well into 2010 is probably wise as we look at our resources, our cost base, and how to support our key customers, and so if the weather looks up before that time, all the better, but meanwhile I think we are very solidly on top of having all the mechanisms of cost control works out, and if necessary, we will have the courage to take action.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia with JP Morgan
Saket Kalia - JPMorgan: Aart, would you be willing to disclose how many primary EDA relationships you have worldwide?
Aart de Geus:  Actually we have disclosed a few explicitly over the years, and I think it’s five that we have talked about. We can get back to you specifically with those that were announced. De facto, we have a few more that have been either de facto or have been accomplished without any communication, and then we have a slew of other relationships that are progressing in that direction.  
Saket Kalia - JPMorgan:  For Brian, sales and marketing was down pretty significantly in the quarter over the last quarter. Just wondering how much of that decline was related to the lighter bookings than you expected versus expense control done in the quarter. 
Brian Beattie:  When you look at the spending in sales and marketing expense, the headcount is relatively flat if now down a little bit, so the rest of it really relates to commission expense that as I mentioned earlier hits accelerators typically in the fourth quarter, and then in the first quarter, you start accruing a new base, if you like, so as we achieve that number, as I mentioned, continues to grow throughout the year, so from an ongoing expense perspective, we’ve held the operating margins where we are, we are shooting at the 23% mark and did very well in the first quarter with 26%. We’re looking at keeping the expenses as tight as we can going forward, but we did give you the profile of the expense increase from Q1 to 2 and 3, and then based on achievement of the targets in the fourth quarter, that expense does go up.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Please continue.
Aart de Geus: Given that there are no more questions, as usual Brian and I will be available after the call. We appreciate your support at this time that is to say the least very interesting. I’d like to reiterate that although we see quite a number of clouds on the horizon, Synopsys is actually in a very good place to advantage of our position, and we will continue to communicate very directly and frankly with you.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-12-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - VP of IR Aart de Geus - Chairman and CEO Brian Beattie - CFO
Analysts: Rich Valera - Needham Raj Seth - Cowen & Company Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Company Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Terence Whalen - Citi K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to Synopsys Incorporated Earnings Call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2008. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) Today’s call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call I will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Sandy. Good afternoon everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. During the course of this conference call Synopsys may make forecast, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, the company's actual results and performance are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our 10-K, our 10-Q for the third quarter and in our earnings release for the fourth quarter issued earlier today. In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call, as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in our fourth quarter earnings release and financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at synopsys.com. With that I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I am happy to report a strong Q4 and fiscal '08, strong technology and competitive momentum and most notable in this environment, strong revenue backlog for fiscal '09. Let me begin with our financial results. In Q4 and fiscal '08, we either met or exceeded virtually all of our goals despite a major change in the environment starting in mid-summer. Specifically, we delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.43 for the quarter and a $1.71 for the year. That $0.14 above the mid point target we communicated at the beginning of ‘08. With Q4 revenue of $353 million, we grew our business 10% for the year to $1.337 billion. These results were achieved under a predictable business model with more than 90% time-based revenue. To discipline expense control and focus on efficiency, we improved non-GAAP ops margin over last year from 20% to 23%. We excited the year with over $900 million in cash and no debt. While we grew our overall backlog, most importantly our one year backlog is almost $1.2 billion. In other words, we have over 80% of 2009s targeted revenue already in hand. Our excellent results in '08 provide the uniquely solid foundation going into '09, especially in the context of a global economy that is highly unpredictable. Our working assumption is that the current recession is likely to last through at least to 2009. Consumer and business caution are already leading to more conservative spending and demand for electronics will certainly be affected. Not surprisingly, cost management is key for our customers, as they revisit every aspect of their operations for efficiency and strategic effectiveness. In many ways the economic stress is accelerating efficiency initiatives that have been visible for a while, such as the move from internal manufacturing to external foundries, for example. In the last two years, we have also seen increased segment consolidation as customer seek efficiency through market share gains, where they have strong offering. At the same time, they cannot compromise on technology and today's chips require advanced EDA capabilities. To balance cost and efficiency, we see customers actively reducing the number of their suppliers and choosing key partners that are technically strong, financially healthy and safe, and that can help to reduce design costs in the overall design flow. This is why Synopsys is uniquely well positioned to be the partner of choice. One, we are financially stable with a strong cash position, no debts, good cash flow, strong backlog and a conservative business model, making us a stable partner as customers actively derisk their future. Two, we have strong well integrated technology and a comprehensive solution that is complemented by crucial IP and very experienced global support, ready to help customer streamline their overall cost of design. And three, we have the strategic vision and resources to continue to invest in the key technologies of the future. Indeed, in the last 18 months, a growing number of customers have chosen preferred relationships with Synopsys. In Q4, we announced another primary partner relationship with Sanyo, which chose to standardize on our design and verification platforms. We also expanded to other large customer relationships, one of which is scheduled to become our primary partner relationship overtime. Within these companies, we are displacing competitors in place-and-route, functional verification, custom designs and physical verification. Going forward, we plan to come out of the present economic slump and even stronger company. To that end, our strategy is best characterized as both cautious and bold. Our objectives are to financially out-execute others by adapting to the new landscape, while fundamentally staying the course in terms of business model and financial principles, to competitively solidify and expand our position to the most cost efficient complete design solutions and to strategically invest to expand our total addressable market. Well this means financially for '09 is the following: Solid revenue growth of approximately 5% starting with the unique foundation of over 80% of '09 revenue in hand today. Steady operating margin, around 23% driven by active cost reductions and pointed investments to further strengthen our competitive position and continued solid non-GAAP earnings per share in the $60 to $72 range. Brian will provide more detailed guidance in a moment. Let me comment, that our guidance is in broader ranges, than we have typically given reflecting the market uncertainty, but also to give us more freedom and execution as opportunities may arise. Moving on to those competitive landscapes: We are uniquely well positioned to provide a comprehensive solution as customers seek to simply their EDA commitments. Those of you, that have followed Synopsys for some time, know that we have spent years moving to a complete solution by developing, acquiring and integrating best in class tools from the system level through simulation, synthesis, place-and-route all the way down to the physics of manufacturing. After that a strong semiconductor IP portfolio and a global support force capable of assisting with the most difficult designs in the world, and Synopsys stands out as the lead contender for our customers EDA needs. The strength of our technology portfolio has been crucial in growing the trust of our customers, as they select preferred partners. In 2008, we delivered a multitude of technology advances, ranging from broad support of multi-core processing to expanded low power capabilities. Our physical design solution, IC compiler was further strengthened by a brand new router delivering 10X faster performance and better quality of results. We are seeing significant customer wins including business from competitors. On the manufacturing side, we also integrated formally separate pre-manufacturing steps map synthesis and map data prep giving customers a dramatic and highly differentiated improvement in overall throughput. This brings me to the third tenant of our strategy. Focused investments in our long-term growth, in practice this means three things; solidifying our core EDA anchor solutions and expanding our customer presence. We are rolling out our analog custom design solution, thus filling the last meaningful hole in our offering and investing in the emerging system level solutions area. I already mentioned some of the progress made on our traditional anchor products. However, the highlight for Q4 was the roll-out of custom designer, our longer awaited analog mixed signal design solution. Custom designer is a modern open platform built to link well with IC compiler and other Synopsys solutions. It’s easy to use, easy to adopt and has a large number of differentiated features that’s a path old competitive technologies. Customer feedback has been excellent especially regarding the ease of adoption and stability of the code. Even with limited customer availability we had our first orders in Q4. Our IP business also deserves mention. We not only added a significant collection of new course to our offering, but also grew the business as outsourcing semiconductor IP for costs reasons is becoming more main stream. Finally our FPGA based rapid prototyping system is seeing excellent momentum. In the both chip verification and embedded software development our solution go straight to the heart of one of the key cost and time challenges in modern chip and system design. On Monday we announced that we were acquiring the CHIPit assets ProDesign, a significant broadening of our rapid prototyping offering that plays well in to our long-term vision of moving further towards system level design and verification. In summary and not withstanding the macroeconomic challenges, we will continue to invest in these areas of opportunity for Synopsys. To conclude, we had an outstanding 2008 in every key financial and operational metric. Even with the economic stress around us, Synopsys is heading into 2009 with very solid financial, technical and business foundation. Our strategy for 2009 is simple. We intend to weather the storm and take advantage of the near-term recession and come out of the other side even stronger by being a financially conservative, competitively aggressive and strategically focused. With that now I will turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian Beattie: Thank you, Aart and good afternoon everyone. In my comments today I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and yearend and provide you with more details of our 2009 guidance. As a reminder, I will be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We have provided reconciliations in the press release and financial supplement posted on the website. In my discussions, all my comparisons will be year-over-year and also specify otherwise. Synopsys delivered solid fourth quarter and full fiscal year results, executing well at many fronts. In fact our consistent performance throughout the year enable us to meet or exceed all of our original 2008 targets including revenue, operating margin, EPS and operating cash flow. Now let me provide some additional details on our financials. Q4 revenue increased 12% to $352.8 million and annual revenue grew 10% to $1.337 billion. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of Q4 and fiscal year revenue. Turning to expenses, Q4 GAAP expenses were $287.5 million, which included $9.3 million of amortization of intangible assets and $14.7 million of share-based compensation. For the year, GAAP expenses were $1.118 billion, which included $44.1 million of amortization of intangible assets and $65.5 million of share-based compensation. Total non-GAAP cost and expenses were $280.5 million in Q4 and $1.026 billion for all of 2008. We held cost in line with our original 2008 expense budget even with the addition of Synplicity. For all of fiscal 2008, we achieved our operating margin target of 23%, an increase of about 300 basis points in Q4, non-GAAP operating margin was 20.5%. We continue to derive companywide operational discipline and expense control. Our strategy as Aart mentioned, is to reduce expenses in certain areas, so that we are able to invest in others that will drive long-term growth. In FY ‘08 we focused on the design and development phase of reengineering and our entire development to cash process to maximize efficiency. We hired in lower cost geographies and we reduced capital spending by 13%, as we centralized IT resource management. Turning now to earnings, GAAP earnings per share were $0.32 for the quarter and $1.29 for the year. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.43 for the quarter and $1.71 for the year, both above 2007 levels and our target ranges for 2008 driven by solid top line growth, expense management and lower taxes. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 21.3% in Q4 and 24.1% for the full year, both well below our target ranges due primarily to the reenactment of the federal R&D tax credit in United States in Q4 and certain one time tax adjustments. Our revenue visibility remain strong, up front revenue was 7% in Q4 and 5% for all of FY ‘08 well within our range of less than 10%. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter and fiscal year remained approximately three years. As Aart mentioned, we have greater than 80% of revenue in hand for the coming year and more than 90% for the coming quarter. We increased overall backlog to the book to bill slightly higher than one. Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items: At year-end, cash and short-terms investments totaled $951 million, up $74 million sequentially, due to a strong operating cash flow of $114 million. For the year, operating cash flow was $331 million, meeting our original target established in December of '07. Of our total cash balance, 53% is in the U.S. and 47% is outside the U.S. In terms of cash flow, we believe a fairly good indicator of operating cash flow overtime is EBITDA, while of course its not a perfect indicator operating cash flow tends to fluctuate around longer term EBITDA trends. At this time, we are targeting operating cash flow of approximately $200 to $220 million in FY '09. The decline from '08 is due to both less schedule collections and increased disbursements. On the collection side, the slightly lower level is primarily driven by three factors. First, because of schedule renewals in '09, we're planning for our book to bill moderately lower than one. Second, we thought it was prudent to collect as much cash as possible in '08. And third, while we haven't seen a material change in our customer's ability to pay us, we're being conservative in our cash collection assumptions, given the uncertain economic environment. From the cash outflow side. We are currently expecting higher payments due to increased expenses, including a full year impact from Synplicity and higher tax payments. Having said that, our cash flow continues to be very strong and based on our current, we expect EBITDA to be roughly flat in fiscal 2009. Given the volatility in the global financial markets, I'd also like to take a minute on this call to comment on our cash portfolio, as it relates to our investment guidelines and strategies. Our Board requires that all our holdings have very high credit ratings of AA or better. As a result, we invest our domestic cash exclusively in highly rated municipal bonds and tax exempt AAA rated money market funds that hold municipal securities. Our cash outside the U.S. is invested in AAA rated money market funds and time deposits, with what we consider healthy financial institutions. And finally, we have had no exposure to auction rate securities or mortgage-backed securities and are very pleased with the high quality and conservative risk profile of our investment portfolio. Now, continuing along with or cash and balance sheet items, capital expenditures were $12 million in the quarter and $39 million for the year. In Q4, we purchased 2.4 million shares of Synopsys stock for $50 million. For the full fiscal year, we purchased 9.6 million shares for $220 million spending 75% of our '08 free cash flow and buying back about twice as many shares as we issued during the year. We have approximately $210 million remaining on our current authorizations. Also recall, that we spend a net $181 million in cash on our acquisition of Synplicity in Q3, both the stock buyback and our Synplicity acquisition, were sourced from our U.S. cash reserves. Q4 net accounts receivables totaled $147 million and our industry leading DSO was flat sequentially at 38 days, reflecting a high quality of our AR portfolio and the timing of invoices. Deferred revenues at the end of the quarter were $680 million. Now at the end of the year we had approximately 5,700 employees. This was an expected increase on a year-over-year basis due primarily to our acquisition of Synplicity, to generally flat with Q3 as we put a hiring freeze in place in the fourth quarter. As Aart discussed, we just announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire the CHIPit assets of ProDesign's to accelerate our efforts in the fast growing rapid prototyping market. It's expected to be an all cash deal and financial terms were not disclosed. We don’t expect a material impact to our 2009 guidance. Now let me address our first quarter and fiscal 2009 guidance and then provide some additional comments on our expense assumptions for the year. For the first quarter of FY '09, our targets are revenue between $332 million and $340 million. Total GAAP cost and expenses between $276 million and $291.5 million, which includes approximately $13.8 million of share based compensation expense. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $253 million and $263 million down from $280 million in Fourth quarter, other income and expense between zero and $3 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%, outstanding shares between 145 million and 150 million, GAAP earnings of $0.26 to $0.31 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $0.40 to $0.42 per share. We expect greater than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog. Now for fiscal 2009, here are the key metrics. Based on what we know now, we expect revenues between $1.38 million and $1.41 billion, other income and expense between $4 million and $8 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%. Outstanding shares between $145 million and $150 million, GAAP earnings per share between a $1.07 and a $1.26, which includes the impact of approximately $58 million in share based compensation expense. Non-GAAP earnings per share, of a $1.60 to a $1.72 and again cash flow from operations of approximately $200 million to $220 million. We have a unique window of opportunity in front of us. Our position as a company is to take full advantage of it. Even as we invest in technology development and advancing our customer relationships, we will closely manage expenses to reach our margin targets. In 2009, we are focused on several expense control initiatives. We are planning to hold, employee cost relatively flat, including diligently managing our headcount levels, and reviewing our contractor costs. We are now in the implementation phase or reengineering our global quote to cash process, with a goal of making the process faster and easier, for both ourselves and our customers. We are rolling out, enhanced internal reporting and the analytic tools to better control and manage global expenses such as travel and procurement. And we are reducing our capital spending by another 15% in 2009 to approximately $30 million to $35 million. Now finally, to help you with your modeling, let me provide some additional 2009 commentary including our quarterly expense profile. We expect total cost and expenses to increase generally inline with or slightly less than, our targeted revenue growth. We believe this is the appropriate expense level to take full advantage of this unique opportunity we have in front of us. It also reflects the near term revenue transition, and integration of Synplicity. We are expecting a typical quarterly expense profile throughout the year, with a modest sequential increase in total expenses in both Q2 and Q3, and a traditionally higher Q4. We expect our operating cash quarterly profile to be similar to last year, with the net operating cash out flow during the first half of ‘09 due primarily to the timing of our annual incentive compensation payments. While, these assumptions are based on the current environment and our internal operating targets, our management team is fully prepared to react quickly on expenses, should things materially change. We will continue to be physically conservative and focused on responsible investing to enhance our leadership and emerge from these challenging times in a stronger competitive position. While our near-term goal is to expand our competitive presence, while sustaining margins in this environment, we remain committed to longer term operating margin targets of mid-to-high 20s. In summary, we are very pleased with our fourth quarter and fiscal 2008 results. While the economic environment is uncertain, we enter 2009 in excellent financial condition and look forward to another year of solid business execution. And with that I will turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And our first question will come from the line of Rich Valera with Needham. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera - Needham: Thanks, good evening gentlemen. Brian, you talked about EBITDA expected to be flat in ‘09 versus ‘08, can you give us the EBITDA number for ‘08 if you have that convenient?
Brian Beattie: Yes, I do just, 2008 the number came in at $364 million.
Rich Valera - Needham: Great. Looking at your expected share account for fiscal ‘09, it doesn’t look like you plan to get particularly aggressive on a buyback. This, despite the fact that it would appear that buyback is quite accretive at current stock levels. Is there anything that would make you get more aggressive on a share buyback or do you really want to keep that much dry powder around for other opportunities?
Aart de Geus: Yes. It's a great question. We're just constantly looking at the capital structure even more so now of what cash we have on hand, where we hold it and obviously how it's invested. So, it's an awful lot of visibility going into how that cash has been managed. I also outlined the amount of the cash that was both in the US and the amount of cash that was outside of the US. So, again that narrows the ability of using that cash in the US for things like stock repurchases and for some of the M&A investments we have here locally too. So, we constantly look at where we're going spend that cash or lot of great opportunities both in terms of the operating piece of it. We need to maintain the flexibility given the current credit markets we've got, and again look for M&A opportunities that present themselves in this environment. So, the buyback program is still very consistent in part of that structure as well. We still have dollars remaining on our authorization and we'll continue to balance those opportunities as we move forward.
Rich Valera - Needham: Brian, you mentioned you expected a book-to-bill slightly less than one in fiscal '09. Can you elaborate on that, how much of that is due to a renewal schedule, which maybe is little lighter than fiscal '08 and how much of that is due to expectations of maybe lower run rates on renewals due to the weaker macro environment?
Brian Beattie: I’d say it’s almost all related to the renewal schedule as we look forward to the contracts that are up for renewal in 2009. It just looks like again a moderately decline in that book-to-bill ratio for the year, so really on renewals.
Rich Valera - Needham: So, I guess just to follow-up on that. What has been your experience, you have in October closed your quarter obviously October was a very challenging period to be doing business? What was your experience in closing deals in terms of run rate, are you successfully maintaining run rates at this point, are you seeing a lot of pushback on customers trying to actively reduce run-rates? If you could give any color, that would be helpful.
Aart de Geus: Maybe I can't comment on that, this is Aart. In October, we actually continued to grow our run rates and I think that's a good sign because, that means that the people investing with us are investing for the longer term. I think one of the aspects on their renewals is I wouldn't be surprised if people become a little bit more cautious about long-term renewals, just because they look at the uncertainty around us in the world and are just cautious in making commitment. And so, I'm glad you bring up the notion of run rate because that's clearly what we are paying a lot of attention to, as that is a key health indicator for our business going forward and so -- so far so good in our business.
Rich Valera - Needham: And Aart, how do you think that will manifest itself, do you think your duration, your average ratio will actually go below three, where people want shorter commitments like one and two year as opposed to the average three year deals?
Aart de Geus: The honest answer is I don't know. I just think that with this amount of change around us, there will be changes. And so it could go either way actually. You could go the directions where people say, "I don't want to make long-term commitments, I don't know what's coming towards me". And that would say shorter duration, you should see that also. So, no, I want to make a bigger commitments from a preferred partner point of view; let's go longer duration. And so because none of us has faced the economic situation we have around us, we are trying to execute very thoroughly, while leaving ourselves a fairly high degree of flexibility, and how we get there is by paying great a deal of attention to the very basics of what is good business. Ultimately, we'd like to see this as an opportunity for Synopsys to strengthen its position with the customers that matter most.
Rich Valera - Needham: Okay. Thank you and good luck in '09.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Hi, thanks. Aart, just to follow-up to the previous question. Can you talk a little bit more about what changes you've actually seen over the last few months in your customer base? Maybe a little color on how some of the conversations you are having with key semiconductor executives, how those are going, what's the tone of those conversations at this point?
Aart de Geus: Well if there's one uniform phrase coming out of the vast majority of the customers, it is this term of "no visibility" and they immediately characterized, it doesn't mean that there is not a substantial amount of business comes in, it just is not clear when and exactly how. And that brings about a fairly high degree of caution. The second aspect is that people look around the economy and all come to the same conclusion, which is okay; cost management is absolutely essential and there are two or three ways to look at that. The first way is not to do projects that go nowhere. In normal times its always difficult to cut these things, in stress times people find a way to do that and reinvest the efforts in those projects that are more promising. Second is to look at every one of your processes, including the design process and see how you can streamline it more. And that is why we are moving more towards integrated design flows, fewer vendors, looking at which IP wants you internally versus externally, all of these things are on the table; and as you well know, for many years we have essentially prepared the company for that direction. I think that moment is upon us now
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: And do you see that I mean a normalized environment for people even when business gets slower? Not to cut R&D projects, key product development projects in 2001, 2002 and when facing a deep downturn, they did? Are you beginning to see that in your customer base or is that not started yet?
Aart de Geus: Not massively so. I think rather than cutting projects it's almost more like people are looking at their entire business unit structure and they have five business units why don’t I sell this one to somebody who is in the same segment and can do better. In other words, you get to what I would call a "segment consolidation" long before you get a lot of project cutting. Now underneath, I think there is no question that people are looking at every aspect of their business and partially because of the economic stress. It gives management internally the mandate to do something and therefore they are actually moving more rapidly than they would normally. So, I think that over time we will get there. We have not seen any slowdown in the most advanced chips and I wouldn’t expect to see a big slowdown. We have seen that a number of customers are hanging around longer at the older notes and I think I have shared that trends with you now for at least 18 months or so. This does not mean that it will have sophisticated design; it just means that people are squeezing even more out of the older more amortized notes for cost reasons. The word cost is pretty much essential to the vocabulary of old top executives.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: And if I might ask a couple more questions? You mentioned share and have mentioned share a couple of times over the last couple of quarters. Your view that you are taking some share and some of the bigger deals you have done. Any sense for how much share you have gained over the last year or any projection about how much share you think you might be able to gain over the next year given the chaos amongst some of your competitors?
Aart de Geus: Well, the term share has been misused many times in many of the EDA earnings releases. At the end of the day it is sustainable revenue, so that gives you the share. We are growing our revenue and I think one of the key reasons we are able to do that is because a number of customers are making growing commitments with us and because of the quite conservative revenue recognition model that we have, I think the revenue you see is really where we are as a company. So I think the opportunity space is clearly impacted by the overall economic down pressure. There's no question about that. On the other hand it is precisely because of that, that customers are going to move faster in some of their efficiency pushes and I do think that we are well positioned to help them with that and hopefully that will actually have positive impact on our growth potential.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: I promise. Last question: you mentioned TAM expansion as an objective and you talked about being maybe a little careful in terms of use of cash for strictly buybacks etcetera. When you think about where you want to take the footprint of Synopsys from a TAM perspective, where are the areas you want to expand over the next 12 to 18 months.
Aart de Geus: Well, two comments. First I want to make sure that people understand. We are not adverse to buying back our own stock. We are just very, very cognizant that we are in a time period where cash is king again and so we like the cash position that we have. We clearly see that one could potentially expend in the agencies that we've already have a footprint in and a couple of that spend out as clearly, how we can invest internally or otherwise in what we do in the IP and the Rapid Prototyping in the moving towards the system side. But I wouldn't discount, also the fact that, some of our core Anchor tools are becoming stronger and therefore more competitive as we approach customers to focus more on Synopsys as their primary partner.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Okay. Thanks for all that.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Matt Petkun with D. A. Davidson & Company. Please go ahead.
Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Company: Hi, good afternoon. Aart, when you guys provided initial guidance last year or not last year, last quarter. I think one of things you suggested is that you don't want to set the bar too high because you saw that your competitors would likely be facing a tough environment and would be perhaps willing to do some potentially natural things on the pricing side? At least judging by their equity valuations, their situations haven't improved. How is the pricing environment right now? And how do you maintain appropriate pricing in an environment like this?
Aart de Geus: Well, I’m of the school that you don't want to move a lot on pricing because pricing tends to never come back and so far we've done okay with that. I think, the pricing is actually interesting and often I think a lesser consideration than the decision to invest with vendors that are stable and going to be there for the long run. So, let's not forget that, that many companies right now are looking around and say how can I derisk my future, while, driving my internal efficiency. And so that is actually I think the bigger consideration for many of our customers and I do think that, as all the competitors have a move more ratable business model. There is a natural better ability of industry to be more careful with the pricing practices anyway.
Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Company: Okay. Then just looking at the revenue mix the upfront portion of your business is up nicely year-over-year almost 28% and environment that I’d think would be challenging to get upfront deals done. Is that mostly Synplicity business? Please remind us if the mix of through Synplicity. How much the hardware business should be as the portion of that total business.
Brian Beattie: Sure. Our model, just to clarify again, is that we would have less than 10% of our revenues coming from upfront transactions and by of the majority more than 90% coming from transactions that are done on a time-based environment. So, that still the tend of our underlying business model through the last several years and of course go into ‘09 and ‘10. So, we are aiming to keep it up below 10, so you have the consistency and predictability around that the top line in the business side. So, relative to the achievement in the quarter, while the upfront were again well within that less than 10% range for both Q4 and the total year. And it does include now the addition of the hardware piece of Synplicity. In overall, we’re not really breaking out the details of Synplicity in that level, but if you recall we had talked about the range of $21 million to $23 million of revenue coming from Synplicity in 2008 in our numbers and they delivered against that model. So, that’s a little bit more breakout of the revenue line.
Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Company: Okay. And then just a follow-up on that, are one of the things the Synplicity was really hoping to launch this year was really some tools that help people not just get prototypes on to these FPGA boards, but actually helps take those boards up to, simulators like you’ve provide or is that offering now up and running you perhaps gaining share relative to emulators, as a result or at least increasing the addressable market?
Aart de Geus: Well, it's a good question because there is no question that the whole verification side of the design flow is becoming much, much larger. And that is extenuated by the way, by the fact that there is a lot of embedded software that goes with lot of the chips. And so in that context, the Rapid Prototypin to emulation space is one that we are highly interested in. And of course, the challenge with emulator is notwithstanding that for some applications they are great, is that they are very, very expensive and a bulky machines that are not particularly flexible for many applications. And so your description is actually correct. What we're doing is connecting it more and more to our simulation environment and this is a really multi-stage effort because there is both connecting downwards to the RTL simulation but also upwards to our virtual prototyping, which is essentially the software version of Rapid Prototypin. And then in there addition, we added yet another tenant with the CHIPit's acquisition, which adds some more capabilities that also allow us to play in some of the end applications that are software rich and where there's also some real time capabilities. We have, I think at this point in time, a very good portfolio. And the pieces will continue through a multi year both evolution and integration. But it's an area that we're bullish and positive about.
Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Company: Okay, One final question. There wasn't tremendous amount of growth, in fact the growth is now slowing, it looks like in your manufacturing related revenues, DFM related revenue if you will. Is that mostly just due to lower CADs business this year, as the overall capital equipment markets have declined? And how do you see DFM offerings expanding over the next couple of years?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think in general the results in a market that is highly played by all in all very few customers, fluctuates quite a bit from quarter-to-quarter and from year-to year. The offering is doing well. I think that what we are going to see is that the manufacturing guys are under as much cost pressures as anybody right now, because they get immediately hit by anything that touches volume. And so my guess is, that will be an area that will be fairly careful in it's spending in the near-term. Having said that though, it is a very, very good anchor point for many of our other tools and we debate continually if we actually should split this out or not in our counting. But being all the way down into TCAD, which is almost the atomic level, all the way up to the place-and-route, is actually good position for us. So, I think you're just going to see some fluctuations.
Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good afternoon. Aart, how would you compare the current environment, what we saw back in '01 and '02? I suppose in one respect at least it's very much the same with EDA almost certain to decline as an industry this year, as it did in '02. But what other differences or similarities might there be between this environment and that last EDA recession?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think one has to move to the big picture immediately, which is there's a reason people are talking about a global recession because it is touching pretty much every aspect of the modern economy. And as a matter of fact, when discussing with many of the semiconductor guys, they will all say, well, there are some big differences in '01 we had way too much inventory. In '01 there was oversupply and at this point in time the semiconductor people think, "hey we are a victim here; this has nothing to do with our industry". Having said that, the victim or not, you are part of it and so the pressure is coming from a much more global perspective. Now zooming in on to your question, is still making the question what's the impact all the way into our industry. Well on one hand, we are obviously subject to the same cost pressures of all of our customers wanting to save money. On the other hand, we are the core of the very thing that differentiates them and keeps them alive. Secondly in the last few years, many customers have essentially greatly decreased their R&D spending on the manufacturing side, thus freeing up some of that money to go towards design. Now design has become more complex and so the combination of all of those things leads them to look at design not as a whole set of point to task, but more and more as a profit that needs to be orchestrated and managed to efficiency and productivity and predictability. And those are exactly the angles that we've taken for a while and I think they are starting to resonate more than they did in the past partially because pressures always makes you look at what's essential.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  Would it be fair to say that at the technology level one difference between now and then is that backend one or two. There was really only one important product upgrade going on at the time physical synthesis, we are to-date or might be perhaps multiple technology upgrades than necessarily need to incur?
Aart de Geus: I would almost go the opposite direction which has -- lot of focus at that time was on product upgrades and so on. Nobody is talking to us about products today. It's all about what's the overall solution and how do we manage productivity. What can you do to help me bring my cost down and so the dialog in times of economic pressure invariably moves up and it invariably moves to the executive who says well you know I may not understand completely EDA. I know it's important but help me understand why and where and how much should I spend on this? And it all goes back to the cost equations, and so that doesn't mean that they are not fabulous technical advances, and we are certainly proud of quite a number of the new products and new capabilities that we have. It's just that I think we have moved to more of an economic dialogue than just the technology dialog. That doesn't mean that you can bypass technology. I think technology has to be not only good enough it has to have legs going forward and one needs to have a vision where it's heading, but the economic priorities it's only a key in the dialog.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Brain, with respect to the book-to-bill comment for '09, you alluded to it's been largely a function of the renewals calendar. When we look back at progression of '06 bookings, the worst quarter clearly was Q1 pretty lower bookings number, the rest of the quarter is above six, three years ago assuming you were here to the three durations. Russia not that bad second, third and fourth quarters of '06 did reasonably well particularly well Q4. So, would you say that the issue for '09 is largely a weak renewals calendar in Q1, why not release in first half and perhaps the rest of the year it starts looking normal?
Brian Beattie: Yes, on a quarterly renewal basis it's really not the most critical metrics of when deals renew, if they renew on time if they renew a quarter in advance or that relative to the financial performance of the company. I think said we do profile as we laid out some of the discussions around Q1 revenues around the expense profile, we see throughout the year. But it's pretty consistent of when the deals are up for renewal. They get negotiated anywhere between three months to a year in advance to those renewal dates to try to identify the new capabilities, number of seeds, the new product offerings and again we have to be pretty flexible if you work through these opportunities in front of us.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Aart, with respect to the analogue product, the custom designer, you've got the second version and GA coming in the spring. Do you think that could trigger over the remainder of ‘09 after it goes to general release, perhaps a few ten to millions of dollars of incremental bookings from that product line?
Aart de Geus: Well, as you know we never talk about specific bookings for a specific product. Let me remind you that one of the key things, why we wanted to have a good position in custom design is because we wanted to have a complete solution. And I think that was the strategic objective that we wanted to meet and I think subject to continued improvement, I think we have just made fantastic strides in that. Presently having said that, I think the product is actually looking quite good and I already started to communicate to you, I think in the spring that we saw that the quality of the product was very high in other words, very few bug issues and so on. What we know now is that the adoption in, is actually better than something what I would have suspected and so those are all good thought. Now you have to put that under the umbrella of the overall landscape of change and so we will absolutely drive a business, who are custom designer because there is an opportunity, there are a number of customers I would like to work with alternatives to what's been on the market and I looking for the new features, at the same as I said earlier, I think most of the dialogues with customers is about overall solutions and this is just great timing for us to have fill this gap.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tim Fox with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. First question, just going back to the book-to-bill one more time, if I might, the lower outlook for revenue now for '09, you obviously knew what the renewal calendar was last quarter heading in to '09 and you’re talking also about maintaining run rates and additionally picking up some market share. So, I’m just wondering, how to fill in that blank of why the lower outlook for '09?
Aart de Geus:  Well, first there is no blank to fill. Meaning that, I think there is a little bit of a misconception on the word "renewal". Many people think, you do a pretty good deal and therefore all these things renew constantly and sort of they, a three year cycle. That's actually not the case. Our field people continually interact with the customer, many of the renewals are earlier and they’re not really a renewal, you sell them additional things, you sell them more things and so our objective is to continually growth the run rate with the customer, renewal or no renewal as a matter of fact. Secondly, I think that we do try to look at roughly how many and which ones are the deals that would likely to come about and as we looked at the weather forecast on the outside, you currently do one thing, which is be as conservative as you can possibly be and there is no point whatsoever in renewing with customers that have one objective, which is get into a much, much, much lower cost point unless you can grab significantly more market share. And so the way we are looking at this is, a combination of conservative, but stay very much on the ball or focusing on the run rate and precisely because we have a very, very good backlog for ‘09 and already substantial backlog for '010 and '011. This allows us to sort of weather the storm and be judicious in how we worked the new opportunities.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that's helpful. And Brian again going back to the cash flow and just looking at the guidance. Your GAAP net income looks like it down about 13% or so, but cash flow guidance is down about 60%. I am just wondering could you help maybe with the puts and takes you talked about and guide us through what are the major changes that really driving that 60% drop in cash flow. I mean are you looking at any major diversions in D&A or stock-based comp or is this going to be more of a deferred revenue change, you can help us try to understand the puts and takes so that will be helpful?
Brian Beattie: You bet. I mean cash as it's to sell critical right of watching each to the inflows and outflows that are coming and it's a good metric. As we look at the year in front of us here, we see both that we're going to have slightly less collections than we had seen in 2008 and that we are going to see some increased disbursements. So at a high level that's really what cash is all about. When we looked at the collection side of the equation, we over achieved our cash collection target actually by about $25 million in our fourth quarter, as you can see we came in very, very strong in cash for the entire year. And just believe it's better to have the cash in our pockets, if you like, given the environment that we're in. So, from a swing perspective of what happens from '08 going to '09 that is contributes about $50 million right, its kind on both sides of the equation. And that's as I said about $25 million of being overly achieving the targets we had set out for ourselves in that fourth quarter. The other thing is we're just again being conservative in the cash collection environment, given how critical cash is to everybody. We want to be conservative to the payments that are already lined up. But again, anticipating with terms of new business activity and other things that there maybe a slowdown or we aren't seeing that detail yet, but as far as forecasting of full year in advance, to start it's prudent to include that. And then again that last element on the collection side is that moderate book-to-bill reduction that we're seeing, that's going to contribute as well. On the other hand the disbursement side, while we're holding the operating margins at about 23% for the year. We're committing to higher revenues between 3% and 5.50%. But at the same time of course, expenses will go up, reflecting the full year of Synplicity. So, disbursements being higher, the collection side being down slightly, contributed to that $200 million to $220 million of positive operating cash flow, a very strong number still.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Great. And then CapEx for '09, any sense what that might be at this point?
Brian Beattie: Yeah. We're forecasting between $30 million and $35 million of cash which is a further reduction of 15% from this year's level which we already reduced the '08 numbers if you like by 13% from the '07 level. So, again just cash is so critical, we've done I think a pretty fair job on taken up that cash during '08 and look forward to conserving that again in '07 from expense management perspective. Watch on the CapEx side and then be able to use that cash for the appropriate investment side, as we go forward.
Operator: We have four minutes left for the conference. Our next question will come from the line Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: With the book-to-bill commentary that you make can you give us some idea of the magnitude change in bookings you expect in '09. Do you expect it will be up, flat, down, down double-digits just give us a sense based on that book-to-bill comment?
Aart de Geus: Well, normally, we don’t comment on bookings at all as you know. What we give out is at the end, what our backlog looks like for the coming year. And so again I don’t want to get the feeling here and we overstate this discussion point, because the correlation between the bookings and the run-rate is not a simple one at all. As a matter of fact, yeah there are many situations where lowered booking maintains a better run-rate and that is the objective to hold on to. There is lot of uncertainty right now, in terms of what customers want to do and so in many situations we are best off if they don’t do anything that's a matter of fact. Now, having said that, our objective is to continue to grow the run-rate for the year, and so we’ll see how the economy holds up for that, but our business outlook not withstanding the landscape around us is actually quiet bullish. We think that we are as strong a position as we've been in many years given the utilization of our tools, the opportunities space compatibly that we have and the strength of the technology. And so what you hear, us do here is essentially work against a plan that is built for conservatism. And you see us manage the balance sheet in exactly the same fashion because nobody we talk to can really predict what’s happening in the beginning or in the midst or the end of next year. And so I think we are reasonably well braced for many scenarios and as things turn up that is great. Just nobody knows that that will happen and therefore we are well prepared with the overall plan that we have put in place.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Okay and then Brian, can you give a sense you’ve given us you've given us the revenue guidance and the revenue growth guidance, but what would that guidance be on an organic basis?
Brian Beattie: Well those numbers are all inclusive of course reflecting both the impact of the, primarily Synplicity acquisition, but breaking at just organic growth the company over its history has acquired many companies and continued to grow. So we really don't split them out. I think we are being conservative in both organic this does not include any additional M&A opportunities. This is really a forecast of where we see the company growing as we move forward. So 3.2% to over 5.5% is our combined overall revenue growth rates for 2009.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: All right, last question. Aart, there has been a couple of questions about the last time around in terms of the slowdown. One thing the last time around was the concern about shelf ware and what happened with R&D headcount and reductions. Can you give us some commentary in terms of what you are seeing from your standpoint from your customers right now on the headcount side and maybe what you might manage or do differently this time around to minimize the shelf ware issue?
Aart de Geus: Sorry, could you clarify what do you mean with shelf ware issue, you mean that demand in the software?
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Sure, well if you've got a 100 engineers at a customer and there are five or ten of them, and you had a 100 licenses there. They are not going to come back and buy more licenses until they get back above 100 engineers in a simplistic fashion?
Aart de Geus: Sure, now I understand thank you. Well first in terms of people. So far we have not seen major reductions in workforce in the engineering side of things and frankly I think that the first reductions are going to be much more on the production and manufacturing side, because those are things that are really impacted by volume and it invariably tends to be towards the end of any issue that people start to cut into R&D. Now having said that, I think there is no question of people will look at which project have a future and will mostly try to sell off the assets that don’t any longer fit their strategy. So, I think we are going to see a number of businesses essentially trading hams more than anything. And invariably the engineers go with that and then it’s a matter of working out the fine points of what happens to the software as they move owner. On the software issue, I think that sort of secondary to that first point, meaning that I don’t there is much software right now. Remember that one we came out of the crazy ‘99 and 2000s, where if you just had clicks that were viewed as revenue and that permeated the entire industry. So, people were growing so much, they were just buying on the future. I think that is long gone, as a matter of fact if there is anything that CFO have changed in after ‘01 is that, they are not buying ahead of needs very much. Lastly, I think that’s for many of the more modern shaft the utilization of software has dramatically grown up or grown I should say until from that perspective its more a matter of negotiation of how much do you get for the budget that you have available than anything and our objective should be the discussion with customers because that brings us straight back to productivity to how they can simplify their flows and how we can become a more important supplier to them rather than having debates on numbers of copy.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Aart de Geus:  You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi. Please go ahead.
Terence Whalen - Citi: Thanks. I appreciate you putting me in. This one is just a real simple one on operating margin. Brian, I believe you said with the revenue growth of 32% to 55% in fiscal ‘09 you would expect expenses to be inline or undergo that slightly. Would that mean that operating margin would be slightly upper, I thought you had mentioned maybe operating margin would be down slightly if you could just reconcile those and that's from me.
Brian Beattie: Yes, you bet Terence. We are really looking overall at about a flat margin story at a very healthy 23% level right, where we came in for this year. So, we are working around that based on the scenarios for both revenue and expenses, but it's a roughly flat numbers. So, maintaining the profitability levels that we've achieved deal both it can be additional revenue and to be able to invest in those opportunity it's right in front of us to be able to grow for the future here.
Terence Whalen - Citi: Okay, great. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: You’re welcome.
Operator: And our last question will come from the line of K.C. Rajkumar with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Can you talk to any specific initiatives that you want to see taken and especially seasonal marketing folks to gain customer share, not market share, but customer share at the expense of your main competition.
Aart de Geus: Certainly we have a quite a number of very active discussion with customers about the notion of productivity and predictability. Let me distinguish the two, productivity is clearly how you can get as much out as possible for the amount of dollars that you spend. And when I say dollars you spend, I’m not talking just about EDA out of pocket cost, but overall design cost. And that is really the key that, that we have to go after, because if we can look at that picture, the way that we can save our customers’ money, while for Synopsys is growing. Secondly on predictability, which is the other, is the time dimension, is that with more and more of the complex chips, people are finding that they have a hard time knowing exactly when the project is finished because their design methodologies a little bit all over the map and need to become more structured, more standardized, and more disciplined. And that of course ties directly to the first topic which is how can you work with fewer vendors to get a better solution. And so those dialogues are very, very active right now. And I think that we will see that economic pressure will actually help customers make moves that otherwise, internally are hard to do, because change management is always hard. Whereas, when it becomes economically harder, top down management can actually have more impact and I think we are already starting to see the beginnings of that.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Do you expect the launch of the custom designer tool to help you gain customer share next year, or is it that more of fiscal '10 story?
Aart de Geus: No, I think it is a fiscal '09 story and it is obviously, gaining share from virtually zero and specifically the custom-design area. And so there are customers that already have done tape outs with our tools today, which is very encouraging. At the same time, it is also in the much bigger picture which is by virtue of having a more complete solution, we become much more attractive to customers that really have a need of selecting fewer vendors to be economically more viable. And we now have a check mark in that category, as well.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Any quick thoughts on, what is going to be the revenue for following fiscal '09 beyond the first quarter?
Brian Beattie: Well, I think we gave earlier guidance and maybe we can take this up in the Q&A session, the individual Q&A interactions. But there is guidance for '09 revenue in the documents I've send out I believe. And so if we can refer you to those, there is a lot more detail there.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Lastly, do you expect the base of 32 nanometer tools to pick up next year?
Aart de Geus: I think it has already picked up, because the 32 nanometer chips are already in design, the technologies are being honed for roll out in 2009. As a matter of fact, I am looking at my sheet here that we are, tracking 32 active designs today. We already have a number of tape outs at 32 nanometer and I know that there is a whole bunch of people that are gearing up for making the technology available commercially, pretty much in the second half of '09. So, the technology train hasn't path decelerated at all.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Finally, would you have any quick thoughts on I think you have addressed this earlier. But if one or two point to couple of specific risks which you can anticipate into next year, beyond the usual macro stuff through guidance what could they be?
Brian Beattie: Well, it's obvious, that the macroeconomic picture is one of uncertainty that pretty much all of us have never seen so far. Now having said that, both the high-tech field is impacted, but is also crucial within that the semiconductor field is impacted bit even more crucial and I would argue that line of reasoning applies to us as well. So from that perspective, I think continued investment in high-tech will absolutely be a necessity. Now the fact is that, when everybody is looking for money, the negotiations are going to be harder than before. People will plead that they need more technology for less money. We should be prepared and we should not be careless about that. I think many of our customers will hurt and we need to be able to a really good partner in that. But at the same time we also provide the very value that allows them to differentiate survive and do well. And so I think we are crucial for that picture. Lastly, I expect that in United States within the new administration there will be additional emphasis on high tech and so I think that supports all of the arguments I just made that the semiconductor industry will continue to be very important in the years to come. With that I think it’s time to close this earnings release. We appreciate the time that you spent with us. As usual Brian, Lisa and myself available for additional comments and questions right after this. Thank you for all the support in '08. We look forward to your support in '09. Find to be in many ways a very interesting challenging but also high opportunity year for us. And so we appreciate the time you spent with us in this earnings call. Good bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay after 4:00 pm till Wednesday, December 17th at midnight. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701, and entering the access code of 968632. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 and enter the access code 968632. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-08-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Lisa Ewbank – VP IR Aart de Geus - CEO Brian Beattie - CFO
Analysts:  Rich Valera – Needham & Company Raj Seth – Cowen & Company Matthew Petkun – DA Davidson Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch Terence Whalen - Citigroup Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets 
Operator: Welcome to the Synopsys, Inc. earnings conference call for the third quarter of fiscal year 2008. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the call over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Lisa Ewbank: Good afternoon everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys, and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer.  During the course of this conference call Synopsys may make forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, the company’s actual results and performance are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that may be projected.  In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our Form 10-K, our Form 10-Q for the second quarter and in our earnings release for the third quarter issued earlier today.  In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call, as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and supplemental financial information can be found in our third quarter earnings release and financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com.  With that, I will turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon, I’m happy to report another solid quarter for Synopsys. Revenue came in at $344 million, above our target range, with over 90% time-based license revenue. We managed expenses well, holding spending to the low end of our range and we delivered above target non-GAAP earnings growth of 37% yielding $0.44 per share. We are raising non-GAAP earnings guidance and expect to come in $0.08 to $0.11 higher then we anticipated at the beginning of 2008. Our technology is very strong and competitively we are clearly pulling ahead in both customer success and business execution.  Before moving to the quarter’s highlights let me comment on the customer on EDA environment. The marketplace today is sending mixed signals. While chip volumes are increasing ASP pressure has been top of semiconductor growth. Lately though manufacturing capacity has begun to tighten up and the first half semiconductor results came in better than many expected. In this uncertain landscape we see some customers racing forward to gain market share while others are holding back on their forward commitments. One common theme is caution and selectivity in choosing suppliers they can count on for the future. While challenging for the EDA industry overall, this is positive for Synopsys being recognized as technically and financially very strong. Indeed many companies who rely on us including those who have selected Synopsys as their primary partner, are seeing superior productivity benefits and overall appear to be doing well themselves. Even against the backdrop of increased caution and lengthening sales cycle, Synopsys delivered strong results again and we are increasing out outlook for the rest of the fiscal year. With the 2009 market uncertainty in mind though, we are proactively outperforming on Ops margin already in 2008. A better 2008 finish helps us enter 2009 in a very solid position with the objective to deliver continued strong earnings even with more moderate revenue growth. Once we complete our 2009 planning we will provide detailed guidance with our next earnings report. Based on backlog, pipeline, recent customer interactions and the visible struggles of our competitors we are assuming a revenue growth rate of approximately 6% to 7%. With a focus on market share gains and continued Ops margin expansion; we estimate growing earnings in to the $1.70 to $1.80 range. If the semiconductor landscape improves all the better. Meanwhile we’re making excellent competitive headway as our product differentiation is positively impacting our business. Not only did we recently announce that National Semiconductor selected us as their key EDA supplier, and is partnering with us on our new analog mixed signal design solution, we also have a number of customers seeking our help and [taping] out chips which have overwhelmed competitors tools. Clearly Synopsys is mission critical for their success and we are supporting them well during this time of uncertainty. That brings me to the product and technology highlights for the quarter. Technology is at the core of our differentiation and this year we’re doing particularly well with our existing product portfolio and in delivering a steady stream of new capability. In core EDA both digital and analog mixed signal are gaining competitive strength. Starting with our digital solutions, IC Compiler is especially strong and is systematically replacing competitors’ tools at a number of customers. During the Design Automation Conference in June, Intel, TI ASIC, SD, Toshiba and ARM, presented testimonials about their excellent results using IC Compiler. These companies are seeing significantly faster turnaround time and quality of results for their advanced high performance chips. Another example is MediaTek known for its wireless and digital media solutions, MediaTek adopted IC Compiler for its next generation 65nm design. Also at DAC we demonstrated our newest multi core capability to standing room only crowds. Products included PrimeTime, Design Compiler, and as a special surprise to our customers or new router, Zroute.  Zroute is a brand new multi threaded router developed from the ground up and integrated into IC Compiler. It has delivered a 10x increase in speed, its easy to use and its [inaudible] for manufacturing friendly results. It is notable that at its introduction Zroute had already completed its first production tape out attesting to its great new capabilities and robustness. We also continued to deliver enhancements throughout our low power flow including low power reference flows for the 45nm common platform process as well as for [UMCs] 65nm technology. One example of low power success was at Oticon the leader in development of power sensitive hearing aids. Oticon used IC Compiler’s unique low power optimizations in taping out its next generation DSP chip sets.  Together with ARM and [inaudible] we also announced industry’s first comprehensive low power verification solution. The new verification methodology captures the expertise of all three companies and enables customers to more rapidly and broadly adopt best practices for low power designs.  The integration of Synplicity is starting with positive momentum as well. During the quarter we introduced great new functionality in SPGA designs including new physical synthesis and significant quality of results improvements for [inaudible] SPGA devices. After barely three months of integration we can already confirm that Synplicity brought to Synopsys a very strong team, excellent technology and an expanded customer base. Most importantly business is right on track.  On the analog mixed signal side we’re seeing accelerated adoption of our XA technology which combines the speed of HSPICE with the accuracy of SPICE. This quarter four new customers used XA in their production flows.  Let me also give you an update on our highly anticipated new custom design solution. We are perfectly on track for launch this quarter. The demos at DAC had the highest attendance and received the highest scores. Our bigger partners are quite enthusiastic about the core technologies, ease of use, and ease of adoption and robustness of the product.  Stay tuned for more details shortly. Now let me turn to our adjacencies, systems and manufacturing. In systems we had a solid quarter for the IP business and for our new ASIC rapid prototyping system. We saw continued product momentum with the release of new digital IP titles including a SATA device controller which completes that IP family. We also announced a major addition to our PCI express family and added TSMC 40nm and 45nm library to our design ware library portfolio. In mixes signal IP product accomplishments included the tape out of a new TSMC analog USB core and the release of new DDR capabilities. Demand for our [Confirma] rapid prototyping system is high as well as customers are beginning to migrate to our off the shelf solution rather then make their own costly custom boards. During the quarter we announced hardware and software enhancements including the much anticipated Identify Pro debug technology and market expanding interface applications such as PCI Express and SATA. In manufacturing our TCAB solutions are finding increasingly broad end markets. They are recognizing the benefits of our nanoscale simulation technology. Kodak, the world leader in image sensors adopted our TCABs to support its research and development of new products as high image resolution requires very complex simulations. In the Mask area we introduced a new release of Proteus which delivers key ease of use features and further flow integration enabling concurrent processing of manufacturing applications.  In summary Synopsys is executing very well notwithstanding the turbulent landscape around us. We see four key elements contributing to our strong outlook; excellent technology and product pipeline with visible competitive momentum, strong scalable global customer support executing well on a growing number of primary vendor collaborations, a conservative time-based business model that helps us navigate in uncertain waters while supporting investments for future growth and finally a strong and motivated team focused on growing our value to our customers.  With that I’ll turn the call over to Brian Beattie, our CFO.
Brian Beattie: Thank you Aart and good afternoon everyone. In my comments today I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with our 2008 guidance. As a reminder, I will be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We have provided reconciliations in the press release and financial supplement posted on our website. In my discussions all of my comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. As Aart mentioned, Q3 financial results were solid. We delivered double-digit growth in both revenue and earnings, generated considerable operating cash flow and expanded non-GAAP operating margins, all under a consistent business model. Let me now provide some additional detail on our financials. Total revenue increased 13% to $344 million above our target with strength across many areas of the business. Our core EDA platform continues to perform well and achieve double-digit revenue growth for the trailing four quarters. As expected Synplicity revenue contribution was fairly modest primarily reflecting the purchase accounting haircut that’s applied to the deferred revenue. One customer accounted for slightly more then 10% of our third quarter revenue. Turning to expenses, total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $261.5 million, an expected increase due mainly to our Synplicity acquisition but at the low end of our target range due to timing of expenses and overall cost control. As a result non-GAAP operating margin was 24% during the quarter, an increase of more than 500 basis points. Turning now to earnings, GAAP earnings per share were $0.39 with costs and expenses totaling $294 million. This included $11 million of amortization of our intangible assets, $17 million of share based compensation, and $4.8 million of IP R&D associated with Synplicity and a one-time $17 million GAAP only tax benefit associated with the IRS settlement that we first announced in December of 2007. We are pleased that we resolved this $477 million tax issue for fiscal years 2000 and 2001. Now in a similar vein as part of a routine examination of 2002 to 2004 returns, the IRS recently proposed adjustments which would total approximately $250 million in additional taxes primarily associated with our acquisition of Avanti.  As with the previous case we filed a protest, we believe the claim is without merit and that we are fully reserved. As you know resolution of these routine issues can typically take a long time and we’ll provide more details in our third quarter 10-K to be filed next month.  Now turning back to earnings, non-GAAP earnings per share increased 37% to $0.44 exceeding our target range. As a result of this solid execution we are raising our annual earnings guidance. Our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 25%, slightly below our target range.  For the entire year we continue to expect a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 26% which does not assume renewal of the R&D tax credit in the United States. Given our predictable business model, revenue visibility remains strong and we continue to execute well on contract mix.  Upfront revenue was 6% of total, within our target range of less then 10% and as expected greater then 90% of Q3 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was again approximately three years.  Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items, cash and short-term investments totaled $877 million up $60 million sequentially even with our all cash purchase of Synplicity during the quarter. We generated $231 million in cash from operations including an expected annual payment from a large customer.  Capital expenditures were $7 million. We did not repurchase stock in the quarter and have approximately $260 million remaining on our current authorization. And as always we’ll evaluate the best uses of cash each quarter including company operations, investments and stock repurchases. Q3 net accounts receivable totaled $144 million and we maintained industry leading DSOs of 38 days reflecting the high quality of our AR portfolio and the timing of invoices. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $657 million, an expected sequential increase due to the large annual payment I mentioned earlier.  We ended Q3 with approximately 5,650 employees, a year-over-year and sequential increase due primarily to our acquisition of Synplicity. Before moving on to guidance let me provide some additional commentary around Synplicity. The acquisition has been enthusiastically received by our customers and integration efforts are progressing well from a business process and employee perspective. For reporting purposes, you’ll notice we’ve adjusted our financial supplement to reflect the inclusion of Synplicity in the appropriate product groups.  Within core EDA, we’ve added the Synplicity products associated with FPGA design. Within IP and systems, we’ve added the products associated with ASIC rapid prototyping and DSP. Now moving on to guidance. For the fourth quarter of FY08, are targets are: revenue between $348 million and $356 million, total GAAP costs and expenses between $295 million and $310 million which includes approximately $13 million of share based compensation expense, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $273 million and $283 million, other income and expense between zero and $3 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 27%, outstanding shares between 147 million and 152 million, GAAP earnings of $0.23 to $0.29 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $0.36 to $0.39 per share. And we expect greater then 90% of the quarter’s revenue to come from backlog. Now our fiscal 2008 outlook, we’re raising the bottom end of our revenue range with our new target between $1.332 billion and $1.340 billion, a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 36%, outstanding shares between 147 million and 150 million, GAAP earnings per share between $1.20 and $1.26 which includes the impact of approximately $64 million in share based compensation expense.  Non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.65 to $1.68. We’ve increased the low end of our guidance by $0.05 and the top end of the guidance range by $0.04. And now that we’re in our fourth quarter we’ve refined our cash flow from operations target to $300 million to $325 million. We will provide 2009 guidance in our next earnings call reporting our fourth quarter results. To conclude I’m pleased with another quarter of consistent execution and solid financial results, highlighted by top and bottom line growth, operating margin expansion, and solid cash flow generation.  With that we are now ready for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Rich Valera – Needham & Company
Rich Valera – Needham & Company: I wanted to get your thoughts on the incremental change in the environment, it sounds from your comments that on the margin over the last three months, things have gotten a little more challenging in the EDA space, just wanted to get your color on that. Also last quarter you were good enough to provide some preliminary fiscal 2009 guidance and just wanted to get your thoughts on that, get your feel for how you feel about that guidance at this point. 
Aart de Geus: You characterized it correctly, I think it’s incremental. We are certainly not in the school of saying there are very massive changes suddenly occurring. I do think that the entire semiconductor industry is looking forward saying; well what happened to the overall economy and when will that really hit us, but meanwhile keeps delivering all and all reasonable quarters. And so on the basis of reasonably okay results but a careful look, people are cautious as they commit going forward and we see some customers nervous towards committing for a long period of time. Now clearly that has had some impact on the EDA industry although I think a number of the changes that you saw recently were only marginally related to the economy, we have picked up a number of these signs and therefore are a bit careful ourselves and someone asked a few quarters ago if we picked up the slightest signs would we immediately take some action on the expense side, well we already did.  And in that sense, we are preparing well for the coming year. I gave in the preamble some initial indications of our planning right now assuming a 6% to 7% revenue growth and our initial estimates of the non-GAAP EPS to be in $1.70 to $1.80 range. Bear in mind we haven’t finished our planning. There are a lot of things changing but overall we are just doing incredibly well I think in what appears to be a very turbulent EDA industry and certainly somewhat turbulent semiconductor industry. 
Rich Valera – Needham & Company: With respect to the cash from operations what was the driver for taking that down a bit from the $325 to the $300 to $325 million?
Brian Beattie: As we’re now approaching of course deep into the fourth quarter and getting ready for year end, we’re just looking at refining our cash flow from operations targets slightly so we’re still working hard to bring it in, but given that it’s the end of the year and if you look at timing of payments and collections we just wanted to align it properly with our current forecast. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raj Seth – Cowen & Company
Raj Seth – Cowen & Company: As you look into 2009 how should we think about, I know its preliminary, but how should we think about cash flow in 2009 and as it related to bookings in the current quarter, did bookings come in as you expected or were they a little weaker? Are you anticipating in the fourth quarter slightly weaker bookings then you might have forecast three months ago given the commentary on the environment? 
Brian Beattie: On the cash flow for 2009, what we’re looking at there, we haven’t provided all the final details of the profile but the biggest element to track is the net income item and as you look at that and look at the effective tax rates we’ve been able to produce, that’s a pretty good representation for us relative to this year’s performance, our operating cash flow. So other then that when you look at balance sheets and what come in the quarter, what gets deferred and things, the net income is the most consistent element to track on a year-over-year basis. And we’ll give you all the details of that in three more months when we do our year end call. 
Raj Seth – Cowen & Company: How should we as we exit this year think about backlog given the large Intel deal some time ago? What’s the appropriate way to think about how backlog should look coming out of this year? 
Brian Beattie : We’ll provide the specific numbers for the backlog at the end of this year and then from there of course you see the levels of revenue and bookings associated with it and I think the most important item to remember is that we continue to enter each quarter with more than 90% of the quarter locked up and then we also have each year approach the coming year with more then 80% of the incoming year relative to the amount of bookings coverage and revenue coverage that we have and we’re not anticipating 2009 to be any different. We’re right on track for that. 
Raj Seth – Cowen & Company: So given all that, should backlog go up?
Brian Beattie: Yes, that’s the answer we’ll be giving you in December. We’re working it through. We don’t comment quarterly on the bookings or the backlog impact, but again we’re working hard to work on it. We’ll give you the final answers as we exit the fourth quarter with all the year wrapped up. 
Aart de Geus: We don’t comment on the bookings of the quarter but let me comment that for the year we’re looking that we’re on track against our plans. So in that sense there’s nothing out of the ordinary. We did pick up though with a number of customers suddenly that just the sheer number of signatures was increasing. We saw a number of places that the process took longer and that people were although worried about the out years, and so what tells us is that people are just cautious about how they look at the longer term and we want to make sure that we keep signing up run rate growth business and that’s why we are tempering a little bit our expectations for 2009.  But having said that the more I see the announcements around us, the better I feel about the position that we have and having seen how well the technology is doing at a number of places as people become more selective, I think Synopsys tends to bubble up to the top of their choice list. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Petkun – DA Davidson
Matthew Petkun – DA Davidson: The sequential increase in the upfront revenues, would you associate that, is much of that associated with the Synplicity business?
Aart de Geus: Yes. Brian is probably better equipped to answer this question, I hadn’t even noticed that there was a significant uptick there. Synplicity is a little bit more upfront then what we have but I think over time that will just blend in to the rest of our business anyway. 
Brian Beattie: And from a data point perspective its at 6%, our target is to maintain it at less then 10% and 6% is exactly what we hit for last year’s upfront ratio. So no change there. And then just looking at timing of it in Q1 and Q2 it ran about 4%, we’d anticipate it being in the 5% to 6% range for the total year inclusive of Synplicity which has the hardware element in there which will be taken upfront.
Matthew Petkun – DA Davidson: I know its difficult to talk about the pricing environment, but is there any reason given the blood in the water that we’ve seen in other elements of this space why you might want to be more aggressive with pricing in this current environment?
Aart de Geus: I think the blood in the water description is somewhat accurate in a time of a lot of change. Let me immediately focus, that the move of one of our major competitors towards a ratable model I think is a very, very positive. I think it’s a much healthier business model for the industry. I wouldn’t be surprised that over time more people were to go there. Having said that I think most of our growth and opportunities lies with the fact that we just have stellar technology right now and that we’re really seeing the difference and so from that perspective, yes, we can be aggressive.  From the perspective of pricing, at the end of the day we make sure that we grow our run rates, that is what in the long-term will grow our business and obviously we can work the flexibility but jumping to pricing, its hard to jump back away from it later so I think we’re prudent and conservative there. 
Matthew Petkun – DA Davidson: The implied non-GAAP guidance for next year, what tax rate are you assuming for those earnings? 
Brian Beattie: We’ve assumed a 28% tax rate. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch: First a clarification on Q3, can you comment on the sequential increase in Japan, was that too related to the Synplicity acquisition or perhaps was it carry over from previous quarters Synopsys bookings? 
Brian Beattie: Our performance in Japan was very strong and in fact you can see 22% growth over our last four quarters in Japan. But revenue by product platform or even geography does tend to fluctuate a little bit from quarter to quarter based on the mix of those contracts. In the quarter there was a couple of due and payables that came in to Japan consistent with the way a number of those accounts have been handled in the past and we’re right on track with that, so other then that, real happy with the performance in Japan. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch: Are the DC and IC Compiler releases still on track for next month as you commented at DAC and similarly is the new release of PrimeTime still set for December?
Aart de Geus: Very simply put the answer is yes. I think things are actually moving along very nicely in technology and the products that you mentioned obviously are our core anchor products in our business. I have an interesting little side note because you will recall that about three years ago we said that 80% of [Astra] would be replaced by IC Compiler and so this morning I asked the team where we were, it turns out that we are a bit over 75% overall and for all the advanced nodes, 90nm and below, we’re well above that.  And so I think IC Compiler has done very, very well in the last couple of years. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch: So given that penetration rate when you look into 2009 and 2010, what’s next then do you think in terms of the most incremental product growth drivers in terms of licenses or contributors to growing the pools for run rate purposes? 
Aart de Geus: We do have some stellar technology advancements. I mentioned Zroute which is interesting because its really one of the core modules that I think about makes a big difference that is now going to be rolled out substantially to a number of people. We also actually see that the adoption rate of IC Compiler specifically is continuing at a number of customers where we are over time replacing other competitors. So from that perspective alone, I think there’s, the core EDA will remain very strong for us and of course that’s good news because that’s such a large portion of our business. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch: With respect to other market indicators do you still feel that semi R&D is perhaps the closest albeit imperfect proxy, what else would you be looking at? 
Aart de Geus: I think both the word closest and imperfect apply here as we have said for a long time because the, in many ways the R&D investments are the ones that have the longest timeframe even with volume or ASPs going up and down the one thing that doesn’t change all that much is the number of engineers working on advanced chips, so from that perspective the high degree of stability. At the same time it’s very clear that some of the R&D investments are changing in the semiconductor industry by virtue of a number of companies getting out of the manufacturing and the new technology development themselves.  We should only hope that some of that money will be used to [inaudible] more on the design side which is good for us. Some of that money is also clearly going towards essentially efficiency for the semiconductor industry. And you see many other changes to that effect. So we’re sitting in the middle of that with customers that are a bit nervous and yet at the same time have to commit for multi years and so they are looking at us in terms of not only the present strength of technology but also the pipeline going forward and being strongly anchored in the future nodes already I think suits us very, very well as they make their decisions. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch: If the environment were to worsen before it gets better how do you think that might manifest itself in terms of contract durations, can you hold three years? Do you think you might see a preference towards shorter or even perhaps longer because of the consolidation affect? 
Aart de Geus: First a premise, at this point in time I do not see it worsening a lot. I think one could see turbulence meaning that some companies may do particularly well and others poorly and so you see more diffraction and the same is true in of course our market. Secondly you pointed out that there are two pathways which is yes, get people to sign up more with you.  The challenge to that is if you go too long you tend to be able to sign them up but not necessarily get as much run rate growth over the period of time as desired or as reflective of the strength of the technology. Lastly on holding the three year, we’ve been holding the three year remarkably well and partially it’s just another element of the stability of our business model and I think it’s just pretty well the gestalt of the semiconductor industry. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen - Citigroup
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: I believe you said you had a 10% customer, I was wondering if you could give more specific number on what that customer was this quarter?
Aart de Geus: We never disclose specifically what the customers are, most people that have followed us for a number of years and who understand that there’s some semiconductor guys that are very large have figured out that we will on an ongoing basis have essentially a 10% customer. Because the revenue is recognized on a ratable fashion, it’s actually not a this quarter type of question, it’s a deal that we did last year that will last for a number of years. You will see it reoccurring pretty much every quarter.
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: With regard to the cash flow number can you remind us what the target was last quarter and then update on specifically what has changed? 
Brian Beattie: The target that we had in our last quarter that we would to achieve approximately $325 million of operating cash flow in the year. The current perspective is that number would range between $300 million and $325 million and even when we look at our free cash flow number working to try to improve that as well, it brings into a range of about $260 million to $285 million on a free cash flow basis inclusive of the CapEx spending which we’ve taken down pretty significantly year-over-year.  From the reason that its in that $300 million to $325 million range is just that we’re at the end of our fourth quarter, getting into our fourth quarter and approaching year end and we’ve been able to refine the exact cash flow anticipated by account and look at our payment outflows that are scheduled to happen and just giving ourselves a little bit of a range using that $300 million to $325 million so that we hit it. 
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that the sales cycle was lengthening, and you’ve alluded toward incremental cautioning on the part of customers, can you give us more specificity, is this just general customer reservation or is it related to customers that might be restructuring parts of their business or could you give us a little more color on why the sales cycle is lengthening? 
Aart de Geus: I don’t want to overstate it because sales cycles lengthening sounds like a big deal, its almost more like in sales situations that are heading towards closure you suddenly get two, three, four weeks more signature loops then anything else. And that says one thing, that says typically that the approval is going up one or two levels in a company or that everything goes through the desk of the CFO.  Secondly when you said does it apply to companies that are restructuring, it feels to me almost like the entire semiconductor is constantly restructuring a little bit, not with the [inaudible] normally associated with that word, but rather with the objective of trying to line up businesses that are a little bit more critical mass in the sub market segments. It interesting just this morning to hear the announcement Erickson and [SD] are teaming up in the mobile domain and this is a mere three months later after [SD and NXP] teamed up and now taking over that piece.  And so those are good examples of changes that then bring about the, well how do you do the deals? How do you transition the contracts, etc. and it is more, turbulence is probably the best word rather then really a sales cycle lengthening. Maybe I used words that were a little bit too heavy for the situation. 
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: Regarding buyback, zero buyback this quarter, after having had some consistent buyback in the prior quarters what caused that in your term and how you think about that and also longer term obviously with the cash balance you have and targets really in the space being slightly smaller how do you think about cash longer term to perhaps enhance the return on equity? 
Brian Beattie: On our cash flows we mentioned this quarter we didn’t buy any stock back but we have been very aggressive throughout 2008, we’ve purchased 7.2 million shares for $170 million which is more then the 5.7 million we bought for all of FY07. and then in addition considering uses of cash we paid $181 million out of the cash at Synplicity to acquire that company in the third quarter so that was a significant investment and again we keep all of those options open whether we’re going to be using our internal operations to invest that cash or whether we’re looking at buybacks or M&A, we just continue to look at that and we still have $260 million remaining on the current authorization so again we’re doing all we can in this area to improve our shareholder value and look at the right investment for the highest return. 
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: And then longer term perhaps the cash balance especially if you’re looking at deceleration would you think more about trying to enhance increases in return on equity?
Brian Beattie: Absolutely, always focus on improving our return on equity, through both earnings per share improvement translating through operating margin and revenue growth, all which we have again addressed for 2009 and looking at the performance for 2008 as far as improving shareholder and enhancing return on equity again a very heavy investment in stock buybacks comparison to year-over-year. We continue to look at buybacks as an important area but as you can tell we just did our largest acquisition in several years with the acquisition of Synplicity so longer term really don’t forecast a change. Just what are the right options, we continue to be a very significant cash generator with our business and we’re going to look for the right returns for us that are going to enhance that shareholder value. 
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: You did mention the large acquisition of Synplicity, it seems like that’s been integrated fairly well here, what is your appetite for other larger acquisitions in the space obviously given the high profile activities of the past quarter with competitors? 
Aart de Geus: This is another one of those where in principle we never comment about any potential M&A. Let me add to Synplicity, I think this was a very good acquisition because it’s a combination of what is a very strong team, a slice of its business is in a very adjacent market to where we were, the [inaudible] market which I think holds promise from another perspective which is they are very rapidly moving to the advanced technology nodes, more rapidly then some of the mainstream ASICs therefore there’s more opportunity there.  And of course there’s also a slice that is attached to the rapid prototyping that fits in extremely well in our overall systems strategy. So so far this is turning out to be a very good move and integrations don’t take just three months, it takes longer then that but if the first three months go particularly well, that is a very good indicator for the future. Having said that, it is very good to have cash in a time where there’s a lot of turbulence and obviously we will be looking at opportunities as they show up and of course Synopsys is an opportunity as well. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: When you talk about the increased caution in your outlook for 2009 how should we, that caution between probably smaller size products which you expect from your customers versus possibly some of your customers pushing out their purchase of your more advanced tools?
Aart de Geus: I don’t think that they are going to push out advanced tools at all because the very way to do well and to survive is to execute well on your advanced projects where most of the money is made, most of the profitability is there and granted also most of the risk is there and so in that context I expect that if our caution is warranted, that customers are going to be more selective in who they work with, in trying to have closer relationships with those providers, because aside of the software, they are the human capital that we put to bear on making chips successful is actually quite significant.  And it’s not a surprise to me that a number of the people that have become our partners and for which we are primary vendors have actually had significant success with some of their advanced chips because of the close collaboration. So it’s coming mostly from that angle. At the same time we clearly watch the turbulence in our markets and therefore we want to set expectations that we think we can live up to well and given the strength that we have we’re going to race forward. 
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: If I understand you correctly when you look out into next year and if you look at your customers outside the leading edge customers, are you finding the pace of transition of the [inaudible] nodes is going according to what you anticipated three to six months back? 
Aart de Geus: Let me debunk a few things, I think one needs to look at two categories. One is the category of people that differentiate themselves because they put more functionality on chips, they drive the state of the art and so on and I would say fundamentally there’s no change there. At times I have given you the design starts for the more advanced nodes. If you look at 45nm that went up again this quarter from last quarter, 159 active designs to now 186 and the number of tape outs is moving up as well. We also already see now an increasingly rapid uptake at 32nm and some other advanced nodes that I can’t really comment about. So on the advanced side, this thing is still moving very, very rapidly and those are the people that actually drive the bulk of the spending in EDA.  In the more mainstream or fast follower/mainstream, there what we see is an interesting phenomenon which is that some of the older nodes are hanging around a little longer which does not mean that this is not advanced design because a number of customers take some of the older nodes, let’s say a 130nm and just squeezing much harder to try to get the maximum functionality mostly driven by cost and so if they can do that with a cheaper technology, good for them, but it can be quite demanding there as well. Interestingly enough we see IC Compiler for example being used in both situations to people that really want to do one more pass on their 130nm chip as well as the people that are really driving a 32nm chip. So I think more [inaudible] in that sense is alive and well and we are part of keeping it alive. 
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Can you talk about your custom design platform?
Aart de Geus: We started with some hints about three quarters or four quarters ago that we had such projects in the works. We said at that time that end of our last calendar year we would go into Beta, we did that. Betas have progressed well, the product has become more and more solid and as a matter of fact it compares well in robustness to some of the new offerings from the competition and at that time we said we would introduce it during the year. We were purposely a little vague, was it the fiscal year or the calendar year? We are sharper now; it will be during the fiscal year which means we will introduce it this quarter.  We haven’t introduced it so we can’t say too much. It should be clear that our objective is not to do a carbon copy of what others have, but rather learn from what has been an evolution of 25, 30 years in analog mixed signal design. Make sure that we have a strong basis upon which we can build for the future but also deal with some of the issues that some of the existing tools have had for a long period of time so that customer is immediately see some pointed benefits and so far it appears that we are well on track with that effort. 
Operator: I will now turn it back to management for any closing remarks. 
Aart de Geus: We appreciate your time and your support over the last quarter. You have obviously seen a very interesting and somewhat moving set of changes in our industry. At the same time its very clear that Synopsys is a pillar of solidity I hope and that we are clearly building on that and are looking forward with quite a bit of confidence.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-05-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa L. Ewbank – Vice President of Investor Relations Aart J. de Geus - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian M. Beattie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Raj Seth – Cowen & Company Rich Valera – Needham & Company Sterling Auty – JP Morgan Terence Whalen - Citigroup Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch Matthew Petkun – D. A. Davidson & Co. Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Synopsys, Inc. earnings conference call for the second quarter fiscal year 2008. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would now like to turn the call over to Lisa Eubanks, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Lisa L. Ewbank: With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys, and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer.  During the course of this conference call may make forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, the company’s actual results and performance are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that may be projected.  In addition to any risks that we highlight the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2008 and in our earnings release for the second quarter issued earlier today.  In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call, as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in our second quarter earnings release and financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com.  With that, I will turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart J. de Geus: I am happy to report a very full quarter for Synopsys. The revenue came in at $325 million, at the high end of our guidance range while maintaining our uniquely predictable business model with over 90% time-based license revenue. We are expansive within our guidance range and delivered above-target non-GAAP earnings growth of 17%, or $0.41 per share. We completed the acquisition of Synplicity, a strong technology leader in FPGA designs and hardware-based rapid prototyping. We feel this strengthens our product offerings yielding very strong business levels that support our growth expectations for 2008 and 2009. And we are raising revenue and earnings guidance for the rest of this year. As may of you have asked us why we are seeing a better environment than our competitors, let me address for a moment the customer landscape. Fundamentally, things have not changed much from last quarter. The overall economy has been soft bringing some uncertainty to the semiconductor industry. On the positive side, even if mitigated a bit by continued AFP pressure, demand for electronics continues to grow. The main profitability [inaudible] areas are in the memory market, where a number of companies battle for share based on price and capacity. For the rest of the semiconductor industry, we see a number of innovations actions aimed at giving companies larger share and increased competitiveness in market sub-segments. A clear example of this trend is the recently announced wireless joint venture between SC and XB.  For Synopsys, there is little change in our customers’ behavior, including timing and closure rates of contracts. And although we have seen some aggressive pricing attempts by competitors trying to make their quarter-end numbers, Synopsys has fared well. In this environment customers are searching for optimal EDA partners and closer collaboration. Our leading technology, comprehensive solutions, conservative business model, and strong field support make us a preferred candidate for broader and closer relationships.  Indeed, just this week we announced that yet another leading semiconductor company, Matsushita, maker of the Panasonic brand, has selected Synopsys to be the primary EDA supplier. Their decision is supported by an expanded license and collaboration spanning design, digital AMF verification and manufacturing. This agreement indicates a further step towards delivering better productivity through more integrated solutions to our top customers. In summary, companies are understandably cautious in their spending. However, Synopsys is executing well and we continue to grow our business run rate. A key benefit of our ratable business model is its enhanced predictability, which means that we’re already well into the planning of 2009 and 2010.  While we will provide 2009 guidance after our fourth quarter I want to respond to your requests with some preliminary thoughts on next year. Based on our business currently running ahead of plan, the closure of the Synplicity acquisition, what we see out of a healthy pipeline of opportunities and steady organic growth, our objective for 2009 is to reach double-digit revenue growth again. In addition, we plan on continued operating margin expansion, supporting double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth in 2009.  With that backdrop, let me provide some product and technology highlights for the quarter. Across the board we’re doing well and feel momentum in many accounts. This momentum was visible at our Western U.S. User Group meeting in March with record attendance of over 2,000 engineers. The program highlighted a complete solution from system to manufacturing. As a result we saw a substantial increase in FND from system companies and foundries. Sessions on low power were the hottest, no pun intended, and was standing room only for our IP and manufacturing sessions. One of the particularly well received perspectives has been the progress we’re making in use of multi-core multi-thread computation in our product. These new capabilities result in substantial speed-ups, such as a 2x performance booth and extraction, using dual cores. In our mixed signal verification we delivers 3x performance improvements to HSPICE on a single CPU and a further 2x on four cores. We also pioneered a novel capability for concurrent mass physicists and mass data processing shaving off significant time in this crucial pre-manufacturing step. Also in Q2 we launched Eclypse, our low power solution. Eclypse is a comprehensive suite of system level verification and its limitation technology together with IP, methodologies, and services. Built around UPF, the industry-standard unified power format, it is designed to make adoption of advanced low power techniques easier for both advanced- and broader-market customers. In core EDA, both our digital and analog mixed signal solutions did very well. In Synopsys we introduced design copower graphical a great new extension to design copower that predicts and reduces downstream congestion in place and route. Customer feedback is excellent. They are reporting that congestion avoidance significantly improves design and productivity and scheduled predictability. In physical design we are seeing a number of customers coming to Synopsys after having experienced challenges with insufficient or immature capabilities from others. In addition, we will soon introduce a brand new router, developed from the ground up that supports multi-core computation. At beta availability today, it significantly improves speed and quality of routing, while factoring very tough manufacturing challenges. Stay tuned for more details. We are also seeing good progress on the analog mixed signal side. FT Microelectronics recently adopted our XA capability which combines SPICE accuracy with the speed of Fast5 for its advanced marked power technologies. Additionally we announced the results of our collaboration with TFMC around a new modeling methodology for their 40-nanometer process that improves AMF stimulation while reducing memory use. Our new custom design solution is on track for introduction later this year. It is already getting very positive feedback from our initial beta partners and sneak previews of the technology at our launch user group meeting in San Jose and Israel generated a great deal of interest. Now let me turn to our adjacency systems and manufacturing, each group representing about 10% of our revenue. Looking at our entire product portfolio, IP is the one area this quarter that saw some short-term choppiness. This correlates with light results reported by other players in the IP space as well. We remain confident, however, in the importance and impact of this area and are continuing to invest in broadening our offering. Specifically we delivered the industry’s first certified USB 2.05, or mixed signal core, for 45-nanometer processes. The small area and low power consumption make this core ideal for high volume, mobile, and consumer applications. IP continues to be a hot topic for semiconductor companies. Many of them are adopting commercially available IP while focusing their own development R&D on truly different shading IP blocks. iSilicons for example, which designs chips for communication networks and digital media selected Synopsys as its IP vendor of choice for protocols including USB, PCI express, and DVR. We also completed virtual platform projects aimed at embedded software development for two major customers in the computing and consumer electronics demand.  In manufacturing, both our mask and TCAB solutions showed very good progress. In the mask area Proteus OPC was selected by two important customers. One large consumer electronics company chose us not only for their very advance 32 nanometer process but also to replace the incumbent of previous process nodes. After substantial competitive evaluation the other, a global leader in storage solutions, also chose Proteus. In TCAB, Toshiba adopted Venturas for simulating manufacturing process such as etching to optimize complex device structures. As a result Toshiba is able to develop technologies faster, reduce costs, and improve yields. Another interesting note is that for many emerging solar cell start-ups Synopsys’ TCAB is a promising optimization solution in the global quest for green power. Finally, last week we closed our acquisition of Synplicity, which is very promising from at least four angles. One, we are being joined by a very capable technical team. Two, Synplicity is a clear leader in the directly adjacent FPGA design area. Three, Synplicity brings an opportunity to cross sell products to each other’s customer base. And last but certainly not least, Synplicity’s growing rapid prototyping business will allow us to put increased emphasis on the embedded software market segment. We plan to rapidly integrate the company around the same operating margin as Synopsys. Synplicity will thus contribute positively to our EPS growth next year while simultaneously becoming central to our strategic systems thrust going forward. In summary, Synopsys has momentum and expects continued strong financial execution for three key reasons. Our broad product portfolio and critical mass are enabling customers to focus on fewer, more leveraged vendor relationships. This year Synopsys will see the continuous roll out of compelling technology and exciting new products. And finally, our focus on EPS growth through expense management, revenue growth, and a uniquely predictable business model makes Synopsys a long-term, competitive, and stable partner. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian Beattie.
Brian M. Beattie: In my comments today I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide you with our guidance, including the financial impact of our recent Synplicity acquisition. As a reminder, I will be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We have provided reconciliations in the press release and financial supplement posted on our website. In my discussions all of my comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Synopsys delivered solid second quarter results highlighted by very strong business levels, double-digit revenues and non-GAAP earnings growth and continued operating margin expansion. In addition, we repurchased $87 million worth of Synopsys shares and exited the quarter with more $800 million in cash, which of course is prior to the Synplicity acquisition that closed just last week. Now let me provide some additional details on our financials. Total revenue increased 11%, to $324.6 million, at the high end of our target range with particular strength in Japan. From a product perspective, we continue to see broad-based demand for our solutions, our Galaxy design and discovery verification solutions, which make up our core EDA platform, each delivered revenue growth in a double-digit range during the quarter. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of our second quarter revenue. Turning to expenses, we remain focused on cost and expense management. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $249.7 million and expected sequential increase due to the timing of quarterly expenses, including variable compensation and some hiring that shifted out of Q1 into Q2. For the quarter non-GAAP operating margin was 23.1% and we’re well on track to achieving our target operating margin for the year of 23%. We remain committed to driving to the mid- to high-20s in the coming years as we continue to focus on profitable revenue growth. Turning now to earnings GAAP earnings per share were $0.27 with cost and expenses totaling $275 million. This included $12.4 million of amortization of intangible assets and $17.8 million of share-based compensation. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased 17% to $0.41, exceeding our target range. We achieved these strong results while continuing to make disciplined investments that position us very well to capitalize on the long-term opportunities we see for Synopsys. Our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 26% and came in at the low end of our guidance range. For the entire year we expect a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 26%, which does not assume renewal of the R&D tax credit in the United States. Given our predictable business model, revenue visibility remains strong and we continue to execute well on contract mix. Up front revenue was 4% of total, well within our target range of less than 10%. And as expected, greater than 90% of Q2 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog. Our ability to consistently deliver solid financial results illustrates the power of our highly time-based business model. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was again approximately three years. Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items. Cash and short-term investments increased $50 million year-over-year to $817 million, which again is prior to the Synplicity acquisition. We generated $35 million in cash from operations during the quarter. We expect higher cash generation in the second half of our fiscal year, partially driven by the expected annual payment from a large customer in the third quarter. We continue to target 2008 operating cash flow of approximately $325 million with free cash flow generation of $280 million. I would also like to comment that our cash balance is not exposed to auction rate securities and we are pleased with the high quality and conservative risk profile of our investment portfolio. We purchased 3.8 million shares of Synopsys stock for $87 million and have approximately $260 million remaining on our current authorization. Diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 145 million. Q2 net accounts receivable totaled $172 million and we maintained industry-leading DSOs of 48 days, reflecting the high quality of our AR portfolio and the timing of invoices. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $587 million and ended Q2 with approximately 5,300 employees. As Aart highlighted, we are excited to have closed the acquisition of Synplicity last week. It was an all cash deal, valued at approximately $181 million, net of cash acquired. We expect the transaction to be slightly dilutive to our non-GAAP earnings in fiscal 2008 and accretive in fiscal 2009. Although we’re still early in the planning process, I wanted to provide you with some preliminary thoughts underlying our FY2009 goals of reaching double-digit revenues and EPS growth, along with operating margin expansion. Traditionally the way we think about our business is to limit expense growth to about half of revenue growth. Now as you model 2009, at this point, we believe that ratio would temporarily be in the 70%-75% range due to the near term revenue transition and integration of Synplicity.  Before I provide our third quarter and fiscal 2008 guidance, let me make some general comments. Our targets reflect an increase in our base Synopsys revenue and EPS guidance and also the addition of Synplicity. We expect Synplicity revenue to be modest in Q3 and slightly higher in Q4, primarily reflecting the purchase accounting haircut that was applied to deferred revenue.  Given the highly complimentary nature of the two companies’ products, our goal over time is to realize revenue synergies, including cross sell opportunities into the combined installed base. We also believe there are opportunities for expense synergies over time, such as IT integration and typical G&A efficiencies. Now, please keep in mind that we closed the transaction only a week ago so these assumptions may change as we complete the valuation work and the integration efforts. It’s also important to note that to ensure minimum impact on customers; we have kept both their development and sales organizations virtually intact. Finally, even with the slight dilutive effect from the acquisition in 2008, we reiterate our original operating margin target of 23%. Now moving on to guidance. For the third quarter of FY2008 our targets are: revenue between $335 million to $343 million; total GAAP cost and expenses between $290 million to $308 million, which includes approximately $17 million of share-based compensation expense; total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $260 million to $270 million; other income and expense between $0.0 million to $3 million; a non-GAAP tax rate between 26% to 27%; outstanding shares between 143 million to 148 million; GAAP earnings of $0.18 to $0.24 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.38 to $0.40 per share. We expect greater than 90% of the quarter’s revenue to come from backlog. Now our fiscal 2008 outlook. We are raising our revenue range with our new target between $1.325 billion to $1.340 billion, a growth rate of approximately 9.5% to 10.5%. At this time we anticipate that Synplicity will contribute approximate $20 million to $23 million in revenue. A non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 26%. Outstanding shares between 146 million to 149 million. GAAP earnings per share between $0.99 to $1.11, which includes the impact of approximately $65 million in share-based compensation expense. Non-GAAP earning per share of $1.60 to $1.64. We’ve increased the low end of our guidance range by $0.04 and the top end by $0.03, even taking into account the $0.02 to $0.03 dilution we expect from Synplicity. Cash flow from operations of approximately $325 million and as I mentioned earlier, we’re targeting a 23% non-GAAP operating margin for the full year.  As a reminder, our guidance excludes Synplicity operating revenues and expenses through May 14, as the acquisition closed on May 15. In summary, we once again demonstrated solid financial execution. We’re performing well against our strategy while delivering top and bottom line growth. Our results illustrate continued momentum in our business and our proven ability to execute in a competitive environment. With that I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Raj Seth - Cowen & Company.
Raj Seth – Cowen & Company: Brian, you said $20 million to $23 million from Synplicity. Is most of that just purchase accounting or, they were running what, $17 million a quarter or something, or are you having to change the revenue recognition itself to get to your model? What’s going on there?
Brian M. Beattie: It’s clearly the haircut you get in purchase accounting related to the deferred revenues. And again, it’s a public company, you can see the amount of deferred revenues they had at the end of their first quarter, and to that it’s a very large haircut, based on purchase accounting rules. Somewhere in the 90% range of that is lost, so you basically start over again on the revenue basis.
Raj Seth – Cowen & Company: Right. And what kind of model were they running? Do you have to shut their model at all or not really?
Brian M. Beattie: Not really. It’s about 60% up front, about 40% ratable and, again, as we look at how we integrate those transactions with ours, it will be in that range we anticipate. But it may swing around again, based on how we do the transitions. But that’s the number we’ve built in for now.
Raj Seth – Cowen & Company: Aart, I think you may have mentioned implicitly in your comments, but from a bookings perspective, are bookings on plan, above plan? How have bookings been trending in this environment which you acknowledge at the edge is probably a little bit more uncertain than it has been?
Aart J. de Geus: Overall they are a bit above plan. I mentioned the fact that we felt that our business was a bit stronger than what we had planned for. I’m always fairly relaxed about the quarter-to-quarter situation but, in general, this year is unfolding quite well for us. And that gave us additional confidence that integrated with the forward-looking model that we have, we could already make some very good comments for 2009.
Raj Seth – Cowen & Company: You mentioned progress in the multi-core multi-thread applications you have coming. I’m just curious, at Nvedia’s last analyst meeting, they’ve been pushing very fine-grain GPU architectures in a number of applications and there were actually a couple of EDA startups talking about really big speed ups using these kinds of architectures. I’m just curious what thoughts you have about how real or not real that is? Is that something you can do? Any thoughts there would be appreciated.
Aart J. de Geus: We actually have in-house a centralized effort to look at a broad set of architectures because many of these things are promising but they’re also fairly immature and there’s going to be a broad swap from essentially duplication of the standard processor cores, all the way to extremely fine grained a la NVIDIA, or [inaudible] certain type of that transaction. And so we are engaged with NVIDIA, we are engaged with a number of others and it depends a little bit on which products, what is the most common thing, and it also depends a little bit on how supportable will this be going forward. So I think we are at the beginning of a very exciting age which is the whole age of computing is changing. And that will open up doors for us. And having seen this coming we did focus the entire company to make sure that all our products have plans. As a matter of fact, starting last year and a lot this year, we are now rolling out practical implementation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera - Needham & Company.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company: Aart, can you say if that assumes backlog, year-over-year backlog growth, heading into fiscal 2009? I assume it would but I just wanted to confirm that.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, we actually give out the backlog at the end of the year, so actually did not make any statements on backlog, which should neither be read as positive or negative. It’s just that we want to stick to that rule. Largely because we want to stay away from giving fine-grain detail on the bookings as we don’t want to be back in the situation of having to negotiate at the end of the quarter with customers on what they hear via Wall Street. Having said that, clearly our backlog is one of the key assets that over time in aggregate tends to keep growing as we want to enter the next year complicitly with about 80% of revenue in hand. The next quarter is 90% in hand. And all in all we’re well on track with that.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company: Brian, can you say, will the affect of the loss of deferred revenue at Synplicity be largely over in 12 months? Is most of that a 12-month duration?
Brian M. Beattie: That’s right. It’s over a 12-month duration. So the rest of this year and a little bit into 2009.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company: Then we should see the full, natural run rate of Synplicity in the second half of next year?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes. That’s right.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company: And with respect to the Matsushita consolidation deal that you just announced, I would assume, but you didn’t really want to, that you’ve increased your run rate there? Is that a safe assumption, Aart?
Aart J. de Geus: Actually, I think I indirectly said exactly that. Yes. Not only did we increase the run rate but we also broadened the product portfolio utilization.  And Matsushita is an outstanding company. Many of you may remember that they were actually the first one that announced production 45-nanometer chip, which probably we were involved in. And so they have been a very good technology driver partner/user for a number of years and having them be in the category of preferred vendors for us is really terrific.
Rich Valera – Needham & Company: Did that booking happen after the end of the quarter?
Brian M. Beattie: No. It’s in Q2.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty - JP Morgan.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan: Brian, you gave us the inclusion of Synplicity for this year but as you get the deferred revenue write down back, what should we think about the inclusion for 2009?
Brian M. Beattie: Well, again, at this point, we’ve provided some very preliminary views on 2009 and that performance from Synplicity, as you heard both with partial haircut in the first part of the year and then full run rate in the second half, combined with run rate is where we anticipate reaching the double-digit revenue growth again for next year. So we’ve built that in. And of course, we just closed the deal last week, so as we complete both the integration work, really understand the full detail of all of the license transitions that we go through, the amount of outstanding deferred and so to go through in our valuation work, we will be able to give you more detail and we anticipate doing that at the end of the year.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan: And this was the second quarter that deferred revenue actually declined sequentially. Can you give us an update on how we should think about that?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, absolutely. Again, as everyone understands, deferred revenue only includes what we’ve invoiced but have not yet taken into the revenues in the quarter. And again, it will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter based on the timing of the contracts and the invoices. Now, in Q3 we expect our deferred revenues should again increase. Because of our annual in-advance payment from our most significant customer. That, if you recall, shifted from Q1 renewal date to a Q3 contract term. So each Q3 we would anticipate deferred revenues going up and we anticipate seeing that in this third quarter.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan: And then on the cash flow, I believe that the last couple of quarters you actually talked about cash flow for the year being greater than $325 million and now you’re talking about it being approximately $325 million. I’m not sure if I’m just nit-picking, but is there something that you’re looking at a little bit differently in terms of cash flow generation for the year?
Brian M. Beattie: No, we’re really close to that original number. We’re saying about $325 million, which again, we view as being for the year. And it’s just actually now getting through the integration of a pretty significant acquisition to really understand the full cash flow impact. So we’ve got a little bit of room to maneuver. So we’re still committed on that $325 million level, for the year, which is a real strong cash flow from the operations.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan: Can you describe for us the current year FX impact on revenue and expenses and what you’ve included in your outlook?
Brian M. Beattie: From a revenue perspective, the company is primarily denominated in U.S. dollars, except for our Japanese business. So on a revenue perspective you don’t see any significant impact. And even from the expense side of things, based on our hedging plans and the coverage that we provided ourselves, we see no material impact on expenses or EPS for the year. So we’re locked in for the year and do not anticipate any deterioration based on movement in the U.S. dollar.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen - Citigroup.
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: My question relates to the outlook for 2009 for operating expenses to grow above the expectation of half of revenue growth. Brian, I think you mentioned 70% to 80% of revenue growth, is that correct?
Brian M. Beattie: Yes. 50% to 75% which we see as a temporary impact, primarily related to the acquisition, right? The revenue growth is slower than the regular run rate was for that business for that business but the expenses you get immediately on day one. So again, recognize both the haircut on the revenue side, and again, as we integrate the models with ours, that’s how we help you in terms of planning the operating of the financial models, as we look forward. So just to give you an awareness that we see that ratio temporarily increasing for 2009.
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: And would that have been the regular below half of revenue growth, without the Synplicity acquisition?
Brian M. Beattie: It’s about that rate, that’s right. As we have been modeling out the year, given the visibility we have and our own target. And again, we remain committed to that operating margin expansion that you’ve seen us on for the past few years. We have about 300 basis point improvement in operating margin this year, and again forecast expanded operating margins again for 2009, and then ultimately reaching that mid- to high 20s over the next two years.  So, you can see us both managing that expenses in line with the anticipated revenue growth, which has relatively high predictability to both sides of that equation.
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: Related to the cash flow impact of Synplicity for this year. You maintained your $325 million guidance for fiscal 2008, before and after the acquisition. What’s the net cash flow effect of that acquisition?
Brian M. Beattie: Well, the net cost of the acquisition is $181 million, net of the cash incurred as the transaction happens. And then relative to the impact on 2008 from the Synplicity business unit as it stands, we really do not anticipate any deterioration of our cash flow. It’s about a wash for this year as we look at both the revenue projections, collections, and expense run rate that we’ll see.
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: Aart, it seems like this marks the fourth major account consolidation in about as many quarters. While looking at the competitors we haven’t the same level of account traction. What, speaking for yourself, what do you attribute this string of customer traction and customer [inaudible] that you’ve alluded to? Is it technology position? Is it a benefit of having gone to the subscription model? Is it the current economic environment at customers? Could you maybe add some detail there?
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. I think there are two of the three that you mentioned that are most important. Technology advantage and economic model. The technology advantage is increasingly clear as you move to smaller geometries and dramatically more complex chips. And in very simple terms, if you glue together even best-in-class tools you increasingly get worst-in-class results. And so a more and more integrated flow is an absolute necessity to finish the chips and finish them on schedule. And so from that perspective there’s a big advantage of teaming up with somebody you can trust for that. I would add to that technical angle that the very support model is also important, meaning that we have very strong fields teams that are now increasingly involved in the finishing of chips with our customers and it’s just a substantial risk reduction mechanism for them. Now, on the other side of the equation it is very clear that the semiconductor industry, overall, is looking for efficiency and you can see that on how they structure their businesses more towards a focus on certain market segments. Well, that famous efficiency can be driven by being much less haphazard on how they spend their money on a variety of tools. And so, simply put, they get much more bang for their buck by teaming up and so we have had the economy pushing us but the technology is really the justification.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch: Aart, I would like to explore the Synplicity transaction with the following question. Do you regard Synplicity as being more than a medium size or routine technology filler acquisition and perhaps something more impactful, and if so, does it have a natural opportunity to be a nine-figure business for you where, even after 14 years and it’s own acquisitions it really wasn’t much more than a mid-eight figure business. Is there a significant subtle tens of millions of dollar up side opportunity here from what you’re getting there? Secondly, Brian, could you elaborate on the Japan up side in the quarter. It was an unusually large increase which was not correlated to any sequential change in your upfront revenues so there must have been some larger amounts, some non-linearity coming out of backlog related to your Japan business, it would seem.
Aart J. de Geus: Okay, Jay, first to the Synplicity situation. Simply put, the answer is absolutely yes. I mean that. I see multiple opportunities coming with Synplicity. Let me start with the obvious one, which is, they are in a market segment that is completely adjacent, FPGA. And in all fairness has been somewhat stodgy over the last few years. However, if you look at FPGAs you can see that they are very rapidly adopting the most advanced design nodes, while a number of the designs are languishing behind the older nodes.  That’s another way of saying that FPGAs could well become more attractive for a set of customers, and they become even more attractive if you add to the FPGAs the Synopsys IP position and some of our verification tools. So that’s one reason. The second reason and I think that’s one that ultimately ties even more to your comment, is the fact that Synplicity has built a very interesting rapid prototyping verification business. And it is very interesting because it touches this interaction between hardware and software and we have felt for quite a while that over time the embedded software was going to become more and more of a nightmare from a productivity and predictability point of view. And that if we can add some value there, we should be able to build that business. And so, as Brian said, we just closed the transaction a few days ago. And so the time line is still quite a bit open, but fundamentally I support all of your comments whole-heartedly.
Brian M. Beattie: And maybe I’ll pick up your second point, Jay, on the Japanese business. It was extremely strong in the second quarter for us. And we named some of the wins in the quarter so far, but it was extremely strong for us.  The other advantage we had with that is both the annual fiscal years, for most Japanese companies, ends in February. So we were able to close many of the deals in Japan earlier than towards the end of the quarter, therefore, with our ratable revenue model we were able to get almost three full months of revenue from that. So that really helped our business pick up. And secondly, when you look back at the business of Japan, our trailing four-quarter revenue is about a 10% run rate. So, again, that’s in line with our overall revenue growth. But, again, Q2 is the big year end and great results that were put up.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch: Just a shorter-term question. First, could you comment at all on what you’re seeing in terms of unscheduled or termed business? If there is anything meaningful going on there and we often speak about platform or multi-product deals, but are you seeing any changes at all in demand for large singe-product deals? Anything of that kind?
Aart J. de Geus: We’re looking at each slightly puzzled because I think fundamentally there’s nothing that stands out from that perspective. On the other hand, there’s no question that the notion of platform is becoming more and more important from my earlier comment which is that integrated complete solutions is what customers are looking for. So you can call it platform, you can also call it just more comprehensive transactions. But we are definitely growing on the basis of customers saying the overall offering of Synopsys stands out well.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch: You mentioned a new router. Could you help us understand how you foresee the adoption or migration of that, particularly in the context of earlier router initiatives from 6-8 years ago?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, we have not formally introduced the product yet so I want to be a little cautious about exactly how we position it in the context of our products. But clearly I think we have been able to continue a strong push of XG evolution in the last few years. And one is I think in addition to that is that we are using multi-core. Now, much more routinely I would say.  The fact that the router is already in beta, the results are excellent. But as a matter of fact even one of our customers decided to use it for production. So, they have a high degree of confidence. I believe it may even be mentioned in the Matsushita press release. So this thing is well on track.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co.
Matthew Petkun – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Aart, could you comment a little bit about what’s going on in your DSM part of the business. And specifically, it looks like you have really been trying to build out your tool set around the TCAB product offering. Are you relying less on the assets you acquired from HPL on the test chip methodology for DSM?
Aart J. de Geus: All of your comments are correct. We are clearly focusing on those areas in the DSM, or manufacturing side that have been most successful. And the TCABs offering is of increasingly broad interest at a number of places. In the development of new technologies, in the development of new [inaudible] modules, transistors, and the manufacturing itself and then I think some of the cool applications, literally, are clearly those things that new materials use for solar cells, power devices, illuminations, and things like that. So I think there’s going to be a lot of creativity in the world and on these topics and our capability I think will be central to developing that. On the test chip side, we have focused mostly on the yield management aspect that we got from HPL as being the one that is more rewarding for us. But so we continue to tune the operating a little bit as a function of where we see traction.
Matthew Petkun – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Brian, I think you mentioned that you bought back $87 million of Synopsys shares this quarter. How many actual shares did you buy back or what was the average price?
Brian M. Beattie: Year to date we’ve repurchased 7.2 million for $170 million. I think that’s averaging at about a $24.00 range. Just averaging it out. That’s again, more than we did all of last year, as well, at this same point in town. I think the average price in the second quarter was about $23.00 and it was 3.8 million shares.
Matthew Petkun – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Brian, another caller asked about the change in deferred and I understand in general that it’s going to decline in certain quarters, but I’m more interested in the more graphic change in the long term deferred and what I should be reading into that.
Brian M. Beattie: You’re saying from the perspective of Synplicity’s deferred revenues?
Matthew Petkun – D. A. Davidson & Co.: No. The long-term portion of your deferred revenues. Fell from $80 million to $65 million, so it was down $14 million, whereas just the traditional deferred, it was down less.
Brian M. Beattie: Right. Your up front deferred over the next year is in the short term and beyond one year is there. So really what happens is your contracts that mature, they roll into the next short-term perspective. So, I feel like that’s the one that you watch the most. And again, the movement between the two accounts, in general, for all of deferred revenues is really not that material. As I say, it’s really based on the timing of the annual renewals for these contracts and, as I say, that combined number is going to go up pretty significantly in the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: What would you say one can expect to be the incremental revenue [inaudible] $70 million dollar run rate?
Aart J. de Geus: Maybe going a little bit sideways onto Jay’s comments and question. Already next year, the contribution of Synplicity and Synopsys will be fully integrated and so we do not plan at all to follow that company in that fashion. So from an incremental point of view it’s going to be a little bit difficult to say. We have clearly said that we will be delivering double-digit revenue at least that is our plan for next year. What is clear, though, is that we want to rethink how to look at Synplicity from the perspective of can we cross sell between our respective customer bases, how can we take advantage of the new position in FPGA with some of our other products, and most interestingly, what can we do to accelerate the system side of that business. So I think we’re surrounded by opportunities and how we will prioritize them is a function of precisely the planning that has started about this week.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Could you give some broad outline on what are some of the specific incremental products that you are focusing on?
Aart J. de Geus: You mean from Synplicity?
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Yes.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, they fundamentally have two major product lines. One is the product line that is addressing the synthesis in the creation of FPGAs. And therefore be head toward [inaudible] Excel as their main silicone partners. And so there are a lot of opportunities to broaden that relationship because Synopsys also has a strong collection of IP blocks and as the FPGAs become more complex a number of these IP blocks could reside very well on FPGAs. So there’s a lot of opportunity there.  The other key product line is really the one that is aimed at helping embedded software development by creating rapid prototypes of a design before the design is actually manufactured so that the software people can start developing this. And so that’s a product line called Confirm and really helps in the verification of all this. And so there, as well, I think we have a lot of opportunities to accelerate adoption because the old Synopsys field team, of course has a lot of customers that greatly benefit from these capabilities.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: In the tradition product area could you point out some specific areas where you folks are reducing the run rate?
Aart J. de Geus: I mentioned earlier that increasingly our customers actually tend to buy a broad collection of our tools because the tools work really well together. And so what we can see is that the run rate of our customers with the vast majority of the large deals we do, are increasing. And this has always been a high importance when you have a ratable business model because you essentially would like to increase the commitment of the customer steadily as he commits for the next three years. And the vast majority of our deals are exactly around that time frame. And so for this quarter and last quarter we have done particularly well in that direction and that has been one of the ingredients where we’re saying that in addition to the Synplicity acquisition we have organic growth and we see that not only were we able to increase our guidance for this year but also give you a sneak preview for next year given the number of people that were worried that the market was not doing well for us. I think we’re doing very well.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Is it fair to say that were one to suppose the contribution of Synplicity to Synopsys for fiscal 2009 one would have considered a mid [inaudible].
Aart J. de Geus: Well, clearly the addition of Synplicity improved things. We are actually tacking on pretty good growth given the overall outlook in the market and the uncertainty. We’ll see exactly how much we do by the time we deliver and we’ll give you much more detailed guidance at the end of the year. But fundamentally we do see a healthy situation and feel that we have quite a bit of momentum. And so we decided to share with you some of the outlook because a combination of organic growth plus Synplicity I think bodes well for Synopsys. And a little side note. You probably heard in our comments that we’re also committed to move Synplicity rapidly to the same ops margin target as we have set for Synopsys. And that we will continue to grow the ops margin. So all in all we are sticking to our plans and I think we are delivering well.
Aart J. de Geus: We thank you for your attendance. As usual, Brian and I will be available after the call and thank you very much for your support.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-02-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Lisa Ewbank - VP IR Aart de Geus - Chairman and CEO Brian Beattie - CFO
Analysts: Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley Raj Seth - Cowen and Company Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company Rich Valera - Needham & Company Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Synopsys Incorporated Earnings Call for first quarter and fiscal year 2008. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) Today's call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, I'll announce the time remaining on the conference. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. During the course of this conference call, Synopsys may discuss forecasts, targets, and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. These statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today. The company's actual results and performance are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that may be projected. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2007 and in our earnings release for the first quarter, issued earlier today. In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call, as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, can be found in our first quarter earnings release and financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I'm pleased to report another good quarter for Synopsys. We met our target and are confirming yearly guidance. In Q1, we delivered solid on-track progress towards our continued '08 objective of 7.5 to 8.5 top line growth; 300 basis point of ops margin improvement, rollout of substantial new and enhanced technology and deepening customer relationship through collaboration on viable productivity improvement. Specifically, this quarter we achieved non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.44, more than 40% year-over-year growth. Revenue came in at $350 million at the high end of our target range. With more than 90% time based license revenue, we stuck firmly to our uniquely predictable business model. Our disciplined ops margin improvement progressed quite well with Q1 coming in at 25.6%. This puts us solidly on track towards our annual goal of 23%. Finally, we shift major new product releases in December with a large number of key enhancements and new capabilities. Overall, we exit the first quarter with all year solidly on track, in terms of revenue, earnings, cash flow, ops margin and technology. Before moving to some product highlights, let me characterize the customer environment and how we see little behavioral change. Although the uncertainty in the macro environment may have intensified, it isn't new. And while they have shifted in internal investment decision, they haven't changed the R&D side of the semiconductor market. For the last few years, volume growth and cost sensitivity have been the driving forces for most of our customers against the backdrop of continued technology complexity. They focused on two things, differentiation for variant markets and productivity improvements for everything out. Synopsys is very well positioned for exactly the situation. For a number of years, we followed a systematic strategy. First, continue to deliver best-in-class tools across the vast majority of our portfolio and lead in the adoption of new technology notes. Second, build a comprehensive portfolio of core EDA tools. This year, we will be completing that goal with the addition of analog implementation capability. Third, assemble and link these tools into coherent design verification platforms aimed at end-to-end design productivity and predictability. Fourth, build technical and collaboration links to manufacturing that will assure performance, power and yield. Fifth, build a bridge to the growing space of software and system design to the high quality IP block and virtual prototyping capability. And finally, grow sophisticated global support and service structure to engage customers on the most challenging design. As a number of semiconductor companies now shift some of their internal investments from manufacturing to design, we expect our R&D spending for our solutions to stay healthy. We also anticipate that customers will continue to streamline the number of vendors they have, and consider a higher level of relationships with select companies such as Synopsys. As a result, we project that EDA will grow and we will gain market share in 2008, all under our very stable business model. With that backdrop, let me provide some product and technology highlights for the quarter. In core EDA, we made excellent progress both in adoption and use of our software. We also shifted significant enhancement and additions of our Galaxy Design and Discovery Verification Platforms. For example, our Matsushita, the global consumer electronic company behind the Panasonic brand, used our Galaxy Flow, including IC Complier, to design the world's first 45-nanometer consumer chip in production. Matsushita achieved a smaller die size and just as importantly, lower power consumption using Galaxy. TSMC has notified us that IC Compiler is the first place in our system to be truly qualified for TSMC's 45-nanometer process. During the quarter, we also delivered to customers a major Galaxy Platform upgrade, which includes expanded capabilities in design compilers, fully integrated hierarchical design planning, faster performance in IC Compiler and a significant upgrade of PrimeTime yielding [technical difficulty] performance and lower memory consumption. Still to come in 2008 will be several other notable advances throughout our portfolio, focused mainly on speed and productivity. These include advances that take our high-end low power solutions to the broader market. Specifically in digital design; in 2008, we will introduce advances such as two-to-three times faster performance and brand new unmatched DFM capabilities for 65-nanometer and below. In digital verification, we are continuing to grow off an outstanding 2007, when where we greatly expanded our position in this segment of the market. The integration of ArchPro has increased our differentiation in terms of low power solutions. And we plan to introduce additional related capability during the year, specifically aimed at the mainstream market. In Analog/Mixed-Signal Verification, our new XA Technology, which combines accuracy of SPICE with the speed of FastSPICE is demonstrating very good customer success in its early availability. For example, iC-Haus, which manufactures chips for industrial, automotive and medical application, switched to XA after being able to reduce their simulation time from 6 hours to just minutes, while experiencing superior accuracy. New product advances to be introduced during the rest of the year will include a broad set of parallel processing capabilities. As mentioned earlier, this year, we'll introduce a Synopsys analog implementation solution. Although we have not yet formally announced the products, I can report that in Q1, we move from alpha to beta test and that the stability of the product has positively surprised our beta partners. This capability will increase Synopsys's pan, but it also removes competitive challenge as we complete our core EDA portfolio. Let me move on to design from manufacturing an emerging market segment still in its early stages. As you have heard from my earlier comments, we consider our links into manufacturing unique and essential in helping customers achieve their yield goals. Our strategy is to take full advantage of both the growth potential of this segment and the differentiation it confers to our core EDA offering. In Q1, we delivered the first phase of a new integrated mask synthesis and mask data prep solution, which dramatically reduces lithography turnaround time. Developed in collaboration with TSMC, this so called PCX capability has already been successfully tested at TSMC. Looking forward, we are also working on a new tape outflow that significantly speeds turnaround time for fabs by integrating Lithography, TCAT and Yield Management. Looking up to the system side of the design spectrum, we have made excellent progress there as well increasingly customers are realizing the economic benefits of commercial IP reuse versus building all blocks themselves. Excluding memory companies 17 of our top 20 customers now buying our IP. This quarter, we entered the most advanced end of the IP market with our first 45 nanometer analog mixed-signal customer. In addition, our newly acquired DDR products are doing very well. In these fast growing standards, we have already seen excellent customer interest and purchases. Our pipeline through the year features new in-house developed products for virtually all titles from USB, PCI Express, SATA and DDR. Our other thrust in the systems area, virtual platforms is also doing well. Virtual platforms creates models of hardware long before the chip is actually available, thus enabling software development up to six months earlier than with traditional methods. This quarter for example, a key phone architecture firm purchased our virtual platform solution to accelerate their software development. Closing off on the product, Q1 saw excellent progress in delivering new performance and capability to our users and we are excited about our robust technology pipeline in 2008. To conclude, Q1 was a very good start to 2008 and we are confident in our ability to deliver strong results throughout the year. We remain committed to growing our profitability, while adhering to our predictable business model. We had a comprehensive technology platform with a strong product pipeline and we are benefiting from an expanding set of collaborative and committed customer relationships. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian Beattie, our CFO.
Brian Beattie: Well, thank you Aart and good afternoon everyone. In my comments today, I'll summarize our financial results for the quarter and provide with you with our guidance. As a reminder, I'll be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We have provided a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in the press release and the financial supplement posted on our website. In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be year-over-year, unless I specify otherwise. Well we also remind you that last year's Q1 comparable results include an extra physical week of revenues and expenses and events that occurs every seven years. Synopsys reported another very good quarter demonstrating the strength and predictability of our time-based business model. Q1 financial results were highlighted by solid revenue growth across all products and geographies resulting in substantial operating margin and earnings expansion. Additionally, we repurchased approximately $83 million worth of Synopsys shares during the quarter. And once again, we showed robust increases across our key revenue and profitability metrics. Total revenue increased 5% to $315.5 million at the high end of our target range, driven by our continued execution against our strategy. Normalizing for the extra week in 2007, revenue grew by 13% one customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of our Q1 revenue. Turning to expenses, we continue to execute very well. Total non-GAAP expenses decreased 5% to $235 million, primarily due to the extra physical week in the year over quarter that I mentioned earlier. Expenses also came in slightly below our planned target range, driven primarily by some seasonal shifting out of hiring and other employee expenses. For the balance of the year, we expect to return to more typical expense profile with Q2 and Q3 progressing towards the traditionally higher Q4. And we continue to target expense growth at about half a revenue growth for all of 2008. The net effect of our solid top line growth and excellent delivery in expense management was 25.6% non-GAAP operating margin, a year-over-year increase of nearly 800 basis points. So, we are off to a tremendous start towards achieving our operating margin target of 23% for all of fiscal 2008 and we are committed to drive into the mid to high 20s over the next several years. We try to get there by making the appropriate level of investment back into the business to maintain our technology leadership and to drive sustainable long-term growth, while at the same time controlling expenses.  Turning now to earnings, GAAP earnings per share were $0.31, with costs and expenses totaling $262 million. This included $11.6 million of amortization of intangible assets and $15.6 million of share-based compensation. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased more than 40% to $0.44 in the quarter. Our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 25%, below our guidance primarily due to certain one-time tax benefits. For the entire year, we now expect the tax rate between 26% and 27%, which does not assume renewal of the R&D tax credit in the United States. Given our very predictable business models, revenue visibility remains strong. Upfront revenue was 4% of total revenue, well within our target range of less than 10%. And as expected, greater than 90% of Q1 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog. We are strong believers that our highly ratable business model is the right financial architecture for Synopsys and our customers. We put ourselves in the unique position of looking not only at 2008, but also into 2009 and 2010 with confidence. This will allow us to make a very proactive judgment as to where we want to invest and how we want to run our business and this is a great place to be in any environment. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments for the quarter was again, approximately three years. Now turning to our cash and balance sheet items. Cash and short-term investments increased $181 million year-over-year to $860 million and as expected there was an operating cash outflow of $51 million in the quarter. Operating cash was affected by a recent agreement with an existing large customer that resulted in the shift of their annual payments from the first to the third quarter along with the timing of our seasonal incentive compensation cycles. We are confident that we'll achieve our fiscal 2008 operating cash flow target of greater than $325 million. Capital expenditures were $10 million in the quarter and we expect to reduce annual CapEx by about 10% over last year. We returned to a more aggressive pattern of buybacks this quarter. We purchased 3.4 million shares of Synopsys stock for $83 million and we have $347 million remaining on our current authorization. Q1 net accounts receivable totaled $142 million and we maintain industry leading DSOs of 41 days reflecting the high quality of our AR portfolio and the timing of invoices. As you know, we do not factor our receivables. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $609 million. We ended Q1 with approximately 5,200 employees basically flat to our fourth quarter headcount. And now addressing our guidance. For the second quarter of FY08, our targets are revenue between $317 million and $325 million. Total GAAP cost and expenses between $269 million and $283 million, which includes approximately $17 million of share based compensation expense. Total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $242 million and $252 million. Other income and expense between $0 and $4 million, a non-GAAP tax rate between 26% and 27%, outstanding shares between $145 million and $150 million. GAAP earnings of $0.22 to $0.26 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $0.37 to $0.39 per share. We expect greater than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog. Now our fiscal 2008 outlook. We reiterate that we expect revenue between $1.3 billion and $1.315 billion, a growth rate of approximately 7.5% to 8.5%. We plan to limit total non-GAAP expense growth to about half of revenue growth. A non-GAAP tax rate between 26% and 27%. Outstanding shares between $145 million and $150 million. GAAP earnings per share between $1.03 and $1.12, which includes the impact of approximately $66 million in share based compensation expense and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.56 to $1.61. We have increased the low end of our guidance range by $0.02 and then top end by $0.01 as a benefit from a lower tax rate is offset by slightly lower other income and expense items due to interest rate declines. Cash flow from operations is greater than $325 million. And as I mentioned earlier we are targeting a 23% non-GAAP operating margin for the full year. In summary, we are very pleased with our Q1 financial performance. We continue to execute against our strategy while delivering strong growth and profitability and hope to continue that momentum throughout 2008. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Thank you and good afternoon and nice execution on the quarter. Aart I think you probably expected this question. But one of your major competitors did cite weakness at the very end of their December quarter. I guess the question to you is did the team at Synopsys see any significant changes in terms of new closure rates or aggressive pricing negotiations at the end of your January quarter, relative to prior quarters and as the customer pipeline in the first half of this year changed relative to your view of that let say three months even six months ago?
Aart de Geus: The answer is no and no and obviously we make sure that check with our sales force to see if there was any change in both the pipeline or how we execute it and the answer was no in both cases. Now, we read the newspapers as well and we can see that everybody is reading a lot of newspapers, but as for as it pertains to our domain. I don't expect actually very big changes because a number of our customers already shifting their investment for manufacturing into design. They have to differentiate in design, EDA is absolutely central to that and if you have strong technology that can help them with that, I think here in a good position and we are that.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: And to follow-up on that, there has been a lot of reference recently to semiconductor R&D spending trends in '08 not by you, but by others and I think it is getting more difficult to use R&D as a proxy for EDA tool spend given the moves by the IDMs to more sounds like business model, but I think what everyone is trying to get at, is what is the level of design activity and product development by your customers and is that slowing relative to what you saw in 2007 or is that actually accelerating here in '08?
Aart de Geus: First, I agree with your observation. There are so many moving parts right now that, a number of people have a tough time figuring out where this all lead. Let me start first with the designs. We do not see any major change in design starts period. We said all along that we see two phenomena. One is that the number of silicon nodes that stay alive has been growing, meaning that some of the older nodes are being pushed harder for performance in order to take advantage of the costs. On the other side of the spectrum, the most advanced node continue to be designed in at a feverish pace, and we are now seeing the move to 45 and even 32 being very, very active with the most advanced designers. So, from that perspective I think that the spending with the tools will continue.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. One last question, from me just a longer-term question. So, you talked a lot about your penetration and your competitiveness on litho-related tools and mask data prep and, so as we think about the 32-nanometer node and the move to double-patterning by your customers. Do you think is going to drive faster growth for your litho solutions?
Aart de Geus: I'd say yes, and no. Yes, definitely in the sense that the complexity of what needs to be done there just demands more compute power and more capability. I am a little careful with just jumping to the conclusion that every node drives more volume, partially because those people live with budget too and they don't change all that rapidly. But in general the most advanced technologies are to our advantage because that sort of where we as a company live.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay. One last question for Brian, I noticed you're not giving us the same level of transparency on the product revenue segmentation, you no longer breaking out implementation and verification segments, any reasons for that?
Brian Beattie: Well, we I think we're telegraphing our metrics that we're going to continue to disclose to everybody in. We saw a trend over the last few years it's just more and more sales as the pool of core EDA tools. So, there will be a budget set aside there would be performance expectations and achieving that through both our verification and our upfront tools are the focus. So, it's really selling as a pool and therefore we put them there in that set that's how we're representing it.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Brian Beattie: They both did really well in the quarter though as a composite of the business tool.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Raj Seth, Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company: Hi, thank you. Just a follow-up a little bit on the previous question. If hypothetically what I heard was targets haven't changed, you haven't seen any big shift in pricing etcetera. But if hypothetically booking started to weaken how do you think about managing the business? Are you -- I think you once told me that you had a hard line around operating margin targets and everything else was variable? Are you still thinking about the business that way if you saw in subsequent quarter's weakness in bookings, which wouldn't appear in revenues for a while? Would you begin to take early action to preserve margins and expenses, how do you think that?
Brian Beattie: Sure. Well, let me first remove the anxiety around the, if. We did not see bookings weaken. But as a matter of fact I think that I'd be reluctant to communicate to you that we had a strong quarter if under the covers we felt very differently. Having said that, if we did see any change I think that we'd pay a great deal of attention at the bottom line. But we're doing that no matter what. And so that's becomes only part of how we manage the company and maybe the best way to put that in numbers is to say, hey, we don't want to grow the expenses at more than about half of the revenue. And so, if revenue overtime were to become weaker we'd definitely pay even more attention to the expenses.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company: Great thank you that's helpful. And just a quick one for Brian, any update on the tax settlement you talked about last quarter sort of what the amount is etcetera?
Brian Beattie:  Yeah. The progress we've made is that the tentative settlement with the IRS has moved to Joint Committee of U.S. Congress as we anticipated. And relative to what the timing of getting that final sign-off it typically takes several months to get approved. And so, we've been informed. It's been sent in and it still will be a couple months to -- two to three months probably to get it resolved.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company: Right, thanks. That's all I have. Nice quarter.
Brian Beattie: Thanks.
Aart de Geus: Thank you.
Operator: And next we've the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  Thanks. Good afternoon. I'd like to ask a question on the addressable market remaining for digital in particular. Do you have anyway of gauging how much or how many of the design infrastructure and upgrade decisions have been made specifically for 65 and 45 how would you characterize it in terms of remaining available runway for those kinds of decisions and commitments for designing to those nodes? And then secondly for either you or for Brian in terms of resource commitments and spending, could you go into little bit more detail on how you are portioning R&D specifically how much remaining ongoing spending is being done to complete legacy tool development even any remaining development pertaining to incorporating the Avanti technology I know that's quite a while back, but if there any work still going on there and how much is been a portion to wholly new efforts?
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, let's talk with the changes to 65 and 45. We have reported to you over time -- sort of the evolution of 90, 65, 45, now 32 and when we talk about those people invariably is probably at a set of about top 20 customers that mean the block of that, because those are the people that move who lay ahead of the pack. And as a matter of fact, as I mentioned earlier the pack is sort of spreading out. So, at times given that we live so much in the advanced technology, I'm surprised myself when I talk to a customer, who is agonizing about the move from 130 to 90 and thinking how can we help these people because that is by now old technology from our perspective, but it is still very new for them. And so I think that there is a fairly big mainstream group of people that still needs to move, and will be moving over the coming couple of years because certainly 65-nanometer is very stable now and have a lot of benefits for people that want to add more functionality on their chips. Regarding the R&D expense allocation, the majority of our products are evolving continually. Is anything left in terms of integration of Avanti and Synopsys interesting, you asked the question because just a few days ago I mentioned to somebody I don't even recall now who is from Avanti and who is from Synopsys. And so in that sense I think that integration is entirely complete, but many of the products that we have are now intersection product that's where most of the investment goes, the rest is just some remedial fixing. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Backlog and preferred revenue question, Brian can you elaborate on the sequentially decline of deferred from Q4, which was substantially larger than we saw from fourth quarter to first quarters in the preceding two years was that tied into the cash payment you mentioned earlier that you took in third quarter from Intel in lieu of the current quarter or was there something else going on in terms of replenishing deferred in the current quarter?
Brian Beattie: We wouldn't mentioned customers by name, but yes there was a large contract signed in the third quarter of last year, more deferred revenues increased and then they would decline sequentially until not in the third quarter of 2008 when it would then increase again with the invoicing we take that into the receivables and then work that down throughout the year based on the annual payments. So, you got it exactly right.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:
?:
Aart de Geus: We don't disclose book-to-bill. We don't disclose our backlog until the end of the year and so we have not changed that. That's all in all we are well on track on the business so that we were thinking to do and just to clarify -- when we look at how we structure our business right now, we put equal weight on the present year revenue as well as on the growth of backlog for the subsequent year and even two years further down, all the way to compensation of the top people being linked to that. And that is largely in order to make sure that we stay on a good growth trajectory, while managing the business in a fashion that has stability and a high degree of transparency.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Aart.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matt Petkun with D.A. Davidson & Company. Please go ahead.
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: Hi, good afternoon. Aart I was wondering given the changing landscape and the fact that it appears that you guys have the upper hand from an equity valuation standpoint as well as the balance sheet standpoint relative to your peers. Would it be reasonable to expect increased M&A activity for you guys this year?
Aart De Geus: Well, as you probably all know we never comment on M&A. We've done M&A in the past and when the opportunity is right, we're certainly always open. At this point and time, I think that the characterization of 2008 is going to be very much a year, where strong technology and good execution makes all the difference because as much as I do not see the financial behavior of our customers change the whole world right now is somewhat nervous about the economic status. Therefore buyers become discerning. And what that means is, they make sure that the companies they spend their money with will be around for long time, it will be solid and will give them actually the differentiation that they need in these times. And so, from that perspective I think our number one focus has to be absolutely on stellar execution and I guess so far so good.
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: Okay. And then you mentioned the integrated litho product that you're talking about that would include TCAT, Yield Management amongst everything's. Will that be a post DRC product or would you integrate that with what you're doing in DRC as well?
Aart De Geus: It is definitely post DRC. Although it is very clear that increasingly all of these things are becoming gradually more integrated. And you may recall from my preamble that I said sort of a precedent that first you need to have good tools then they need to really start to talk well together and then it becomes more and more of an integrated platform. But all of these things ultimately are aimed at the same thing which is on one hand, how do you maximize performance and minimize power in other words, the attributes that differentiate a chip. And on the other hand, how do you get the best productivity and predictability out of the whole flow. And that frankly impact the economics. And we're seeing that by integrating well a number of the backend stuffs, we can have major impact on the turnaround time in the fab and that of course has very positive impact on their customers.
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: Okay. And then just finally will future analog revenues obviously they will be small to begin with, but will that be encapsulated in your core EDA revenue bucket or will you make as a new bucket for that one?
Aart De Geus: No, you're right. They will be in the core EDA and we've said all along that we consider it's both an opportunity to grow in a sub segment that we were not in before. But just as importantly it's a result, what I consider a critical strategic hold that we've for long, long time that allows us now to be much more competitive in our market overall. And simultaneously go to customers and provide them truly full solution.
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Aart De Geus: You're welcome Matt.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company:  Thank you. Good evening. Last week at the EDC DO forum I think a projection was put forth for EDA growth in 2008 of 2%. And I know you didn't give create that forecast, but just wondering where you stand relative to that forecast if you're willing to sort of comment on how you see EDA growth this year?
Brian Beattie: You are correct. I did not want to come forth with a prediction for EDA because we've obviously seen that the impact of revenue models has the great impact of how you make these forecast and we can stand behind a very solid and visible forecast of 7.5% to 8.5% for this year for us because we actually mostly know what is going to be, and that is a very different situation than if you are a company that is much more dependent of the ups and downs of having a front or if you have a very different revenue recognition model. And so having been there many years ago I know how difficult it is to predict your future and therefore, we are very cautious with predicting EDA. Overall I think the healthy market then it will continue to grow somewhat at least.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: I guess we thinking of it more in terms of bookings growth, rather than understanding some revenue model changes will clearly put some pressure on the industry revenue, but do you see the industry growing and sort of a booking basis or however you want to look at it sort of factoring out the obvious revenue compression from that model shift?
Aart de Geus: Well, if I may send the note of caution how people over interpret bookings, you obviously can greatly mislead yourself and others depending on the length of the deals that you make. And then think of it as booking growth when in reality it is essentially taking out years. And so we have been very careful with that as well, having learned from the past and so booking's growth is actually a very tricky indicator. I understand that there is some value to that our own sense is that we continually watch the run rate growth with our customers and that is internally absolutely the single thing that we pay most attention to because that is pretty decent predictor of future revenue growth.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: And I'd like just to follow-up on that, one last point. Would you feel comfortable, it sounds like you're planning certainly to be building your run rate throughout this year and as you enter into fiscal '09 that you will have a higher run rate in fiscal '09. Is that a fair statement?
Aart de Geus: That's a very fair statement. That is absolutely what we are, not only planning, but managing the company towards.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great and just one quick one for you, Brian, I missed the actual number of shares you bought back this quarter?
Brian Beattie: We bought back 3.4 million shares for $83 million in the first quarter overall.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great, that is very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Yeah, thanks. Can I actually get clarification on the last kind of, Aart you said that you're managing the business to be at a higher run rate next year, meaning you expect faster revenue growth next year, what -- I didn't understand the comment?
Aart de Geus: Let me clarify without say going into '09 guidance, which we do at the end of the year. What I meant to say it wasn't clear is that we are running our business with two fundamental objectives. The first one that you all know well about is to keep improving gradually the ops margin, and we do that by roughly speaking, making sure that expenses are at about half or less of the revenue growth. The second one is I meant to say that we expect that revenue in '09 will be larger than in '08 and in '08 we did give guidance of revenue growth of 7.5% to 8.5%. But given that much of our focus in the bookings and the run rate with the customer is aimed at building backlog for '09 and '10. That is why I'm saying that our objective and our plan is, entirely aimed at growing the revenue of the company.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thanks. And then in terms of -- you made the comment that in this type of year its execution and better technology that's going to win the day. You mentioned a large number of different areas in terms of new product introductions etcetera. But from your point of view what are the couple of real keys that are going to drive the bookings execution or the bookings with your customers this year. Is it going through the inflexion on IC Compiler or what are the two or three key areas that we should really be watching as the year unfold?
Aart de Geus: Actually, I think that all, the product advances, which we've many. Many are very much focused on speed, capacity etcetera all have one fundamental objective at this point and time, which is the productivity and the success rate of our customers. And unfortunately the word productivity is a much more nebulous term for which there is not a very sharp definition or easy set of metrics. But is the set of measures that has the biggest economic impacts on our customers. And so I expect that a lot of the growth will come from customers that gradually say hey, I want to go much more with Synopsys because there is a much better chance of getting my chips out on time with the performance and the power characteristics that I'm looking for. Now on the margin, obviously, there are some areas that may grow a little bit faster than others. But from a big picture point of view that is really how we're managing the company.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: And then last question to Brain. In terms of the sales and marketing expenses in the quarter, how much of the variation versus last quarter should we think about in terms of some of the variable expenses like commissions related to bookings in the quarter and how of it is other factors and including seasonality?
Brian Beattie: Yeah. I'm just comparing here in terms of the expenses Q4 to Q1 of '08 came down about $7 million. So, primarily that's related to shifting out of some of our expenses in terms of bringing on new headcount. It did not happen in the quarter. We also retained on some of the travel expenses for the quarter. Some of the contractor usage all that was light and as a result we're able to come in less than our plan and really drive up that margin number for the quarter. So, a lot of that is shifted out relative to any headcount relatively we got factored in from sales or marketing and of course as you know there is a proportionate allocation of commission expense to the level of activity as it comes in. So, it's all lined up in our guidance for the year or so where we expected to come in.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We've a question from line of Tim Fox with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good afternoon. Aart, just a couple of questions around DFM, you mentioned the focus there was around growth of the segment as well as differentiation of your flows utilizing some of the DFM technology. I was just curious more so around the growth and the fact that in many cases you're selling different value proportion to the fab then you maybe to the designer themselves. I'm wondering, how do you actually get the value of all these new TCAT/Yield/Litho technologies. How do you actually get the value out of the customer if you are selling to different people and are you considering any different kind of licensing models to actually extract that value that you're rolling into your flows?
Aart de Geus: It's a very good question because there is no question that it's sort of almost like building a bridge on two sides of the river. And in many ways the ultimate value is how well, can you help both set of customers get the chip through with high yield. Don't forget that on the foundry side, if you don't have yield, you don't get any money either. And of course if you don't do good job on the design side, you are essentially dead and so our job is to sort of build that bridge more and more and initially we definitely sold very independently on both sides of it. Increasingly now, we are going to see that the learning's of the manufacturing side get translated directly into our tools and some of those can be recently upstream such as directly into the place en route, in order to minimize some of the yield issues or make it more manufacturable and my suspicion is that as number of customers become less and less involve themselves in manufacturing that they will almost use us as a substitute to help them guarantee the quality of that bridge and so I view it as much as an area of opportunity to grow as well as an investment area that solidifies the entire rest of our offering.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay that's helpful. And then on the other end of the design spectrum in around systems you mentioned virtual platforms starting to add a little bit more meaningfully to the business just one and if you can characterize, who is buying the virtual platforms, is that a market that you see as reasonable size growth over time or just more a niche that will fill some gap in the system level design area?
Aart de Geus: Okay. I think the jury is out, but the promise is interesting and just to clarify for those that may not be familiar what this is, what virtual prototyping is, is a capability to build a model of chip in electronic system before that system or chip is available. And using that model you can now start developing and checking out the software is going to run on them. Well as you can imagine with many, many product the software content is becoming very, very large as a matter of fact becoming increasingly one of the key bottlenecks. And so if you can start earlier with that you have a big benefit. So, why is that not a slam dunk? Well, it is not a slam dunk because you actually need to develop the model that is something that requires some skill, and you need to have a strategy whereby your chips are going to be used in multiple situations. So, that the models are usable and we are starting to see now both of the people providing the chips, as well as interestingly our new buyers coming from the system side. Those that are going to use the chips and I expect that the virtual prototyping or variations on it increasingly are going to become almost a little bit the hand-off or the spec between those two parties. And so from that perspective, the last few quarters have been actually pretty positive.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Very good, thank you.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead, sir.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Yeah, thanks. Brian, coming back to the third quarter last year you still kind of given off the model beginning at the quarter backlog that would flow into revenue over the next four quarters. Is that still a metric that you can give us?
Brian Beattie: We are giving a lot visibility through are knowing that we entered the year with more than 80% of 2008 revenues in hand, with entering each quarter with more than 90% of the quarter booked and again we reconfirmed that top line revenue guidance. So, given that one quarter through with very strong performance, you obviously concede that we've got a lot higher visibility going in. So, we are finding that the quarterly variations relative to the bookings as we did see last year can not be that significant to the business. So not really indicative of the level of activity, just due to the rotating nature and timing of when the contracts get renewed. So, again we continue to focus on the total year deliverables and continue to provide very good visibility in each quarter. And then as you know we give the actual backlog number at the end of the quarter, which in turn provides the level of booking activity. And again we'll give total year guidance at the end of 2008 relative to 2009. And I'd add as well to the metrics about this ongoing focus on multiyear business deliverables is that, that is built in again to compensation levels in the company. So, it's not just optimizing one year but a multiyear agreement, multiyear commitment with customers and multiyear return for investors.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: And one other question, in terms of with Cadence and their EDA Card been out there for a little bit now. Are any customers coming to you and asking for different types of structures or different types of arrangements that gives them additional flexibility to takedown more seats on a temporary basis to kind of mere that and if so, how you're handling it?
Aart de Geus: Well customers have always asked for more flexibility and at times we joke that the word flexibility just means lower pricing. Now, there are mechanisms for that. We've quite a number of models that allow people to take up more software under the right circumstances. We should not be confused with how one actually recognizes revenue, which is a whole different story. And there we should be very clear that our model remains one of well over 90% is ratable and so that's a whole different aspect of how all of these mechanism work. Having said that, there is no question that we should work with the customers to optimize the impact of our software on their success because at the end of the day is those sort of the customers that are more successful with our software will be a returning customers.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: All right, thank you.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. Please go ahead with any closing remarks.
Aart De Geus: Well, at this time, I'd like to thank you for the time you spent with us. I think we had a very good quarter and we well launched into the year. And as usual Brian and I are available after the call. Have a good afternoon.
Operator: And ladies and gentleman this conference will be available for replay from 4:00 p.m. tonight through March the 5th midnight. To access the replay, dial 1-800-475-6701 and then you will be prompt for an access code, the access code is 909867. International dialers, please dial 320-365-3844 and then to the same access code 909867. Once again the 800 number for the replay is 475-6701. International number for the replay is 320-365-3844 and the access code is 909867. And again, that we are in from today at 4:00 p.m. Pacific through midnight March 5. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and thank you for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-12-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - IR Aart De Geus - Chairman of the Board, Chief ExecutiveOfficer Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Analyst for Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley Raj Seth - Cowen & Co. Terence Whalen - Citi Investment Research Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Matt Petkun – DA Davidson Rich Valera - Needham Sterling Auty - JP Morgan  
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcometo the Synopsys Inc. earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscalyear 2007. (Operator Instructions) Atthis time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, VicePresident of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus,Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer.During the course of this conference call, Synopsys may make forecasts, targetsand other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financialresults. While these statements represent our best current judgment aboutfuture results and performance as of today, the company's actual results andperformance are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could causeactual results to differ materially from those that may be projected. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call,important factors that may affect our future results are described in our annualreport on Form 10-K for fiscal 2006; our recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q;and in our earnings release for the fourth quarter and full year issued earliertoday.  In addition, all financial information to be discussed onthis conference call, as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financialmeasures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, can befound in our fourth quarter and full year earnings release and financialsupplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.Synopsys.com. With that, I will turn the call over to Aart de Geus.
Aart De Geus: Good afternoon. I'm happy to report a strong Q4, a strongfiscal '07, and a strong outlook for 2008. Three realities account for our excellent results and confidence in ouroutlook:  First, exceptional financial execution and visibility.  Second, impressive technology strength and a substantialpipeline of new products and capabilities for 2008.  Third, the favorable customer landscape for Synopsys, withincreased commitments to our comprehensive solutions. Let me begin with our financial results. In Q4 and fiscal2007 we achieved the highest level of business in Synopsys history. We eithermet or exceeded all of our goals in terms of strong revenue and earnings growth;a substantial increase in ops margin; and excellent cash flow.  Specifically, we delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of$0.40 for the quarter and $1.37 for the year, substantially above the target communicated at the beginning of FY07. With Q4 revenues of $315 million, we grew our business 11%for the year to more than $1.2 billion, also above our target. We delivered thatrevenue while adhering to our uniquely predictable business model with over 90%time-based licenses.  Through disciplined expense control and a focus onefficiency, we improved ops margin over last year from 14% to 20%; again, aheadof our targets. We grew our backlog to $2.5 billion, cementing our confidencein the outlook for '08 with over 80% of revenue in hand for the coming year;over 90% for the coming quarter; and already substantial visibility into 2009and 2010. Based on our results, our outstanding backlog and ourpromising technology pipeline, we expect strong results for 2008 as well. In'08 we expect to grow revenue 7.5% to 8.5% while rigorously adhering to ourratable business model. We plan to expand operating margin an additional 300basis points to 23%, and we expect very solid earnings growth. Let's take a look at the context in which we offer thisguidance. In spite of the turmoil in the financial markets, our customer'senvironments remained relatively steady. The consumer segment continues todrive growth in unit volume and the quest for more functionality is far fromover.  Differentiation through design is increasingly mission critical,boding well for EDA and for Synopsys in particular. Our best users are rapidlyadopting 65 and 45 nanometer silicon nodes, with 65 nanometer becoming muchmore broadly used and 45 nanometer tape-outs accelerating. At the same time,mainstream users wring more capabilities out of mature and cost effective 90,130, and even 180 nanometer nodes.  From a design perspective, three drivers clearly stand out.The rates for more functions on chips; low power end yield and the mostencompassing technical challenges, and productivity and predictability ofschedules as the top execution concerns. With our comprehensive technologyfoundation, Synopsis is uniquely positioned to meet these needs.  One especially notable growth element for us this year wasthe substantial increase in our territory business. These are start-ups to mid-sizedcompanies served by a local geographic team. As you recall, about a year ago weinstituted a strategy to better address this user segment by: (a) providing a combination of easy to adopt solutionsincluding tools, IP, and services; (b) introducing new products targeted at their specificneeds; and  (c) increasing our marketing and sales focus to betterunderstand and penetrate the segment.  The results so far are extremely encouraging. With furthertuning, we are poised to accelerate our progress with these customers in 2008. From a business perspective, every product group came insignificantly over plan for both the quarter and the full year. In core EDA, which grew 9% for the year, wehad many successes. In physical implementation, IC Compiler continues to serveas the mainstay for the most advanced designs in the world.  Our overall transition is right on track. The number of tape-outsis growing massively and IC Compiler is helping to solve some of the mostdifficult technology challenges in the world. In fact, the first ever 45 nanometerconsumer chip in volume production was designed using IC Compiler.  Our synthesis and sign-off tools extended their technologyleads, especially with our unique topographical capabilities resulting in solidnumbers for the year. In verification, both digital and analog mixed-signal itvery well. Digital verificationdelivered outstanding results, substantially outpacing market growth for theyear. In Q3, we executed the ArchPro acquisition, adding a new dimension of lowpower verification to our simulation offering.  On the AMS side, our new XA technology combined the accuracyof SPICE with the speed of FastSPICE. This went into limited availability inSeptember and is already enjoying solid acceptance by customers. In Q4, weexpanded our analog mixed signal verification position by acquiring SandworkDesign, a leader in AMS analysis and debugging products.  Moving on to our design for manufacturing adjacency, wedelivered very good results as well. In Q4, we had several high profilecompetitive wins including a large global semiconductor company who adopted ouroptical proximity correction over its incumbent solution for 45 nanometerproduction.  Complementing our individual product successes, we are rapidlyintegrating the design for manufacturing flow as well. Following on the heels ofour first integration, PrimeYield, in Q4 we completed yet another key piece: thelinking of Odyssey, our yield management solution, with Design [for test].  We hada very strong year in IP and systems as well. We greatly tuned our IPdevelopments and technology coding processes, providing a very responsive and cost-efficientoffering for our customers, while maintaining the high-quality IP they havecome to expect. We demonstrated our design process discipline through our30-day integration of the DDR assets of MOSAID acquired last quarter. In fact,we've already had our first orders for the DDR cores.  Looking forward to 2008, we have a substantial pipeline ofnew products and capabilities with first deliveries on track for this December.Overall, we expect significant new technology advances throughout ourportfolio, focused primarily on speed and productivity.  With run support of parallel processing throughout our digitalflow, from synthesis to physical design through sign-off. Parallel processingenables significant speed improvements by taking advantage of the multipleprocessors now available in compute servers.  In physical design, we are shipping completely integratedfloor-planning capability, two to three times faster performance and brand newunmatched DFM capabilities for 65 nanometer and below. We will take sign off tothe next level, with 2x performance improvements and subtle but significant manufacturingchecks. We plan rapid advances in verification with expanded, low-powercapability and a new solution targeted for the broader market.  In our analog/mixed-signal flow, we will introduce a broadset of parallel processing capabilities as well. But even more importantly, we willintroduce our brand new, custom design solution. This long awaited set ofcapabilities will substantially complete our company product offering andincrease our total addressable market.  In DFM, we also plan to introduce a new tape-out flow. Thisflow intends to significantly speed up turnaround time for fabs by integratingall three lines of DFM -- lithography, TCAD and yield management. We'll alsolaunch the integration of our mask synthesis and mask data press solutions,allowing customers to do both in the time it now takes to do OBC alone. Finally in IP, we will further expand ourproduct line with new, in-house developed products for USB 3.0, wireless USB,DDR, PCI Express 2.0, and SATA.  In conjunction with our support technology pipeline, let metalk about an even more compelling aspect of our corporate strength. Pushed bytechnical and economic challenges, customers are increasingly partnering withus to increase their design differentiation and decrease their costs and schedulerisks. Years ago, we anticipated that customer productivity would be greatlyaffected not only by tool quality but also by the needs for much moreintegrated solutions from concept to volume production.  So we focused on assembling a complete design system,including the links to IP and manufacturing. While every customer has uniqueneeds and its own transformational timeline, the power of increasedcollaboration has become obvious. This year we made excellent progress withsome of the leading semiconductor companies in the world. Last quarter, wecommunicated that we had moved several important long-term relationships to thenext level of collaboration, including Intel, who selected Synopsys as itsprimary EDA supplier. Last month, we announced that Renesas, another the world'stop ten semiconductor companies, chose Synopsys as its leading EDA supplier.With Renesas, technology collaboration on design and manufacturing efficiency issupported by increased use of our products and increased run rate.  As mentioned earlier, we also saw particularly positivemovement in the territories. A growing number of the smaller companies areusing Synopsys as the anchor to their design methodology with very goodresults. We believe that the segmentation initiatives towards more mainstream,easy to use products are paying off and we will continue our focus onbroadening our market opportunity.  To conclude, we had an outstanding 2007. We are looking at2008 and beyond with confidence based on three perspectives: a strong abilityto execute financially, supported by a unique business model with excellentbacklog; a comprehensive technology platform with a strong product pipeline;and an expanding set of collaborative and committed customer relationships. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian Beattie, ourCFO.
Brian Beattie: Thank you, Aart and good afternoon, everyone. In my commentstoday, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter and fiscal yearand provide guidance for 2008. As a reminder, I will be discussing certain GAAPand non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We have provided areconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in the press release and thefinancial supplement posted on our website. In my discussions, all of my comparisonswill be year over year unless I specify otherwise.  Synopsys delivered excellent fourth quarter and full fiscalyear results, executing well on many fronts. In fact, our strong performanceand momentum throughout the year enabled us to meet or exceed all of ouroriginal 2007 targets.  As Aart mentioned, Q4 revenues increased 11% to $315.2million and annual revenues also grew 11% to $1.212 billion. Business wasstrong across all product lines and geographies, reflecting the highest orders yearin Synopsys history, with total backlog growing to an industry-leading $2.5billion. This of course includes the benefit of a large Q3 customer agreement.However, even excluding this transaction, business was very robust. Onecustomer accounted for slightly more than 10% of Q4 and fiscal year revenue.  Turning to expenses, Q4 non-GAAP costs and expenses declinedsequentially to $246.2 million as the variable compensation impact of anexcellent Q4 and full year was offset by overall expense control. For the full year,we achieved our total annual expense target of a very modest 3% increase,inclusive of our extra week of spending in Q1. GAAP expenses were $277.4 million, which included $1.1million of in-process R&D; $12.7 million of amortization of intangibleassets; and $15.3 million of share-based compensation. For the year, GAAPexpenses also increased just 3%.  I'm very pleased with the progress we've made on controllingexpenses. We've outsourced and offshored certain processes, shifted ouremployee base by approximately one-third in lower-cost geographies, and arefocused on streamlining our business processes. Of course, we are not done. Even as we invest in technology development, including theadvances we'll introduce in 2008, we plan to keep expense growth to about halfof revenue growth to reach our margin expansion targets. In 2008, we'll focuson several expense control initiatives including: As the result of both revenue growth and expense control, Q4non-GAAP operating margin increased to 22% for fiscal 2007 and we exceeded ourmargin commitment by achieving 20% for the full year. We expect non-GAAPoperating margin to increase approximately 300 basis points in 2008 as wecontinue to move towards our next target of mid to high 20s.  Turning now to earnings, GAAP earnings per share were $0.27for the quarter and $0.87 for the year, both up substantially from a year ago.Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.40 for Q4 and $1.37 for the year, bothrepresenting increases of approximately 80% over the same periods of last year. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 21.4% for the quarter. Better thanour guidance range, due primarily to geographical business mix and higher thanexpected tax credits. For the year, we reduced our tax rate to 24% from 32%last year through the optimization of our international operations and lastyear's reenactment of the R&D tax credit. Our revenue visibility remains strong. Upfront revenue was6%, well within our target range of less than 10%. Additionally, the amount ofbacklog that turns into revenue over the next year is already greater than 80%of our 2008 revenue target.  The average length of our renewable customer licensecommitments for the quarter was approximately three years, consistent withhistorical trends. For FY07, it was approximately three-and-a-half years,primarily due to one large, long-term contract. This metric will continue tofluctuate depending on the mix of contract signed, but we believe it shouldremain in the three-year range.  We continue to have the most predictable revenue model inour industry and we believe in all of software. It allows us to focus on thelong-term strength of the business and on growing and deepening our customerrelationships and we believe this is beneficial to our customers and ourshareholders alike.  Now turning to our key cash and balance sheet items. Cashand short-term investments increased $190 million sequentially to $984 milliondue to strong operating cash flow of $173 million. For the year, operating cashflow doubled to $433 million, driven by very solid collections and two paymentsmade by one very large customer.  Capital expenditures were $8 million in the quarter and $45million for the year, down 8% from last year.  Now as you know from our previous disclosures, we have beeninvolved in a material tax dispute with the IRS for the years 2000 and 2001associated with the establishment of our Irish subsidiary. Today we are happyto report that we have reached a tentative settlement with the appeals divisionthat would resolve this dispute. The settlement is subject to further reviewand approval within the government, which we will expect to take several moremonths, but as of today, we believe that settlement is likely. We reiteratethat if the settlement becomes final, we are adequately reserved for this item. Now while this discussion was ongoing, we repurchasedapproximately 0.5 million shares of our stock in the quarter for 11 million.For the full fiscal year, we spent $152 million repurchasing approximately 5.7million shares, buying back approximately 60% more shares than we grantedduring the year. We considered Q4 buyback activity an anomaly and expect toreturn to our more aggressive pattern of buybacks, subject of course to ourongoing review of uses of cash. We have $430 million remaining on our currentauthorization. In Q4, net accounts receivable totaled $124 million and DSOsdeclined 25 days sequentially to an industry-leading 36 days, reflecting the highquality of our accounts receivable portfolio and the timing of invoices.Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $643 million.  At the end of the year, we had approximately 5,200employees, a slight sequential increase due to our recent acquisitions. Now letme address our first quarter and fiscal 2008 guidance and then provide someadditional comments on our expected quarterly profile throughout the year.  For the first quarter of FY08, our targets are:  For fiscal 2008: In addition, we are repeating our commitments to achieve ournext non-GAAP operating margin in the mid to high 20s over the next severalyears. We plan to get there by making the appropriate level of investment backto the business to drive sustainable, long-term growth while at the same timecontrolling expenses. Finally, let me provide some comments on our 2008 expenseprofile to help you as you model your quarterly estimates. While revenue wasquite predictable, the timing of expenses is more variable. As a result, weexpect Q1 expenses to be lower than the rest of the year, reflectinganticipated timing of deals.  For the balance of the year, we expect the expense profileto be more typical with Q2 and Q3 moderately below a traditional higher Q4.  In summary, we are very pleased with our exceptional fourthquarter and fiscal 2007 results. We leave 2007 in excellent financial condition.Our balance sheet has never been stronger. Our commitment to revenue growth andmargin improvement is unwavering and we look forward to another year of solidbusiness execution in 2008. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions. 
Operator:  Your first question comes from Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley. 
Analyst for HarlanSur - Morgan Stanley:  In regard to the demand environment, I think the last couple of weeks or so therehas been some concern about customer sentiment in terms of their spend on EDAtools. Could you give a little bit more color on that, if you’re seeing anykind of slowdown? Thank you.
Aart De Geus:  Sure. We are not seeing any slowdown. Obviously with all thenoise in the financial market, there are a lot of questions of what are theimpacts of that on our market? First Iwould observe that there has been very little impact on the technology market,maybe with the exception of some software in the financial circles.  But having recently talked to about 20 CEOs in a room aboutwhat they were seeing, not a single one of the technologies saw any realslowdown and everybody else is reading the newspapers as well. I don’t want to say that we won’t be affectedby it, but only as far as what Synopsys can see we, I think, are doing verywell.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Raj Seth - Cowen & Co. 
Raj Seth - Cowen& Co. :  Brian, can you talk a little bit about what your strategy iswith regard to buybacks? I know, I probably harped on this too much in the past,but you have now got $1 billion on the balance sheet and you are guiding for $300million more in cash from operations. How do you think about buybacks? Iacknowledge the comment you made about Q4, but how should we think about thepace of buybacks going forward at these kinds of price levels?
Brian Beattie:  We always look at our cash balances and looking at the appropriatelevel of where we invest, whether that is internal growth, M&A or stockbuybacks. We’ve generated a very good amount of buyback activity this year with$152 million and we bought back 5.7 million shares and did pretty well for thefull year, but we were a little slower in the fourth quarter. Obviously whilewe’re negotiating that very significant IRS settlement we felt we shouldn’t bein the market; as a result of that weindicated we would be back to our more aggressive pattern now that we’ve madethis announcement relative to the IRS settlement.  We see it as an important part, but again, we will alwaysbalance between the appropriate uses of that cash and do the appropriate levelsgoing forward.
Raj Seth - Cowen& Co. :  Brian, with this level of cash sort of $1 billion againgoing to $1.3 billion, how much do you need to run this business? There is nota lot out there that is sizeable for you to buy. What are you waiting for, is thequestion?
Brian Beattie:  Well, we do continue to look and clearly in this financialenvironment having close to $1 billion in cash is very, very strong and allowsus a lot of dry gun powder to put our strategy into effect without having todepend on the external credit markets. Ireally believe that we are at the strongest financial position we’ve been onour balance sheet.  All that being said, we have been very aggressive and in manyyears buying back twice as many shares as we grant and we continue to look atthat as a pretty good use of cash, but you always have to balance that withexternal opportunities that we really focus on.
Raj Seth - Cowen& Co. :  Aart, you mentioned that you have a lot of technology comingin ’08 and you touched on a custom flow. Can you talk a little bit more aboutthe strategy there? Do you go heads-up against Virtuoso or how should we thinkabout what you have coming?
Aart De Geus:  Obviously the custom implementation side has always been --or for a long time been the singular hole in our product offering. Being able tofill that is really a fantastic step forward because it completes theinstruments needed for broader strategy.  Having said that, obviously there is at least one very, verystrong player on the market and frontal attacks are never wise. I would like tohighlight the fact that on the analog mixed signal side, on the custom sidefrom a verification point of view, Synopsys actually is very, very strong. Sofrom that perspective, we can clearly roll out the new product in conjunctionwith the position that we already have. I think it will be going quite well forus.
Raj Seth - Cowen& Co. :  Is this something we should expect in the first half?
Aart De Geus:  We are a little reticent to give more detail here, giventhat typically we announce these type of products mainly aimed at ourcustomers. So you will certainly hear more about it in the first half.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Terence Whalen - CitiInvestment Research. 
Terence Whalen - CitiInvestment Research : My first question relates to some of the larger accountconsolidations that you have had recently with Intel in the third quarter,Renesas in the fourth. I think you mentioned one other. It appears based onyour expense guidance that we are not expecting another one in the firstquarter but we could have others in fiscal ‘08.  Can you rewind a couple of quarters and explain why theseconsolidations have begun to occur? What are the factors that are reallydriving the wins? It seems like the acceleration in your business in regard toaccount consolidations has occurred while it has dropped off in some of yourcompetitors.  I was wondering if you could make observations and commenton that?
Aart De Geus:  My first observation is account consolidation is somethingthat happens gradually, over time, but is invariably driven by two things: technologyneeds and economic needs; invariably,the two play well together.  On the technology side, we have said for a while thatcomplexity is growing much more rapidly than Moore’s Law, because when you do achip design it’s not only having many more transistors, if the interactionbetween power and timing and signal integrity and yield all play togethermaking it much more difficult for people to solve things. Therefore, anincreasingly integrated solution has a much, much better chance of getting goodchips in a predictable time flow. On the economic side, you have clearly seen that there hasbeen a massive change in the semiconductor industry in terms of theirinvestments as playing for the next technology node development has become veryexpensive, and therefore either you see consortia or you see people deciding toteam up with foundries. Economics are starting to play a big role in looking athow people move forward. That brings me to the third point which is I think ourstrength. We have seen this coming for a number of years, we have prepared forit by having a complete design flow that is state of the art that takes into accountall of these solutions; is well connected to the IP flow; it is well connectedto the DFM realities and when we are talking about collaboration, it isactually bringing it about with customers, helping them in the transition andhelping them essentially improve their ROI both very quickly in the short term,but also substantially in long term. That is what will drive the selection ofpreferred vendors.
Terence Whalen - CitiInvestment Research : If I could touch on the recapitalization issue that wasspoken about previous to my question, you have $1 billion cash. You are generatingover $300 million. Also, you are now in the third or fourth year of this steadythree-year model. So clearly, you have tested the model change out, have madeobservations, are more mature into this. You’re growing at a consistent rate.  What’s your thought not only on returning the cash withbuyback, but also on a dividend potentially, given that you can generate a 4% yieldwith less than 50% of your free cash flow each year? Thanks.
Brian Beattie:  Terence, as I was saying in the previous response, we will lookat all of the alternatives, recognizing how we can leverage our cost of capitalto a higher return going forward. To this point, our buyback and our return toshareholders has been very aggressive, basically about twice as many shares wegrant each year to improve the EPS and have a very solid contribution to bothEPS and obviously to the price of the stock.  In addition, we are generating a significant amount of cashand continue to focus on that as we go forward with good collections from ourcustomers, a very solid DSO metric on those receivables and obviously thequality of the product is working well and customers are paying on time; Ithink reflective of very good relationships that way.  Then we do look at where we can use that cash. I believe at this point relative to dividends,most technology companies that are continuing to grow and pushing the levels weare looking at are not really focused on just returning to the shareholders butleveraging that capital into higher returns than our cost to capital into ourmarkets, into the adjacencies of our IP, DSM businesses and other areas that wecan continue to drive synergies in operations revenues and our products thatwill ultimately return a far greater amount to our shareholders than simply adividend.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer - MerrillLynch. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer -Merrill Lynch:  Aart, I would like to ask about some of the assumptionsbehind the ‘08 outlook, starting first with your geographic perspective. Youhad a good year-over-year comparison in Asia Pacific outside of Japan;that’s been the fastest growing market regionally for EDA for many, many years.The question is, would you expect to be able to maintain a disproportionategrowth in Asia Pac?  In addition, you referred to some of the structural changesthat have occurred in the semiconductor market. How do you see thatspecifically within Europe and Japan,which have already been both concentrated regions anyway in terms of a relativelysmall number of large customers?
Aart De Geus:  That’s a lot of questions, Jay, because what you’re reallylooking at is the question of how does the overall global semiconductorindustry develop over time? I share the perspective that Asia Pac has grownrapidly and will continue to grow rapidly. At the same time, when I look at theworldwide revenue distribution by region for the last three years, I do seechange but the change is relatively minor. The reason for that is becauseutilization is going up rapidly in Asia Pac, but there are a number of globalcompanies where the buying patterns may still be centralized at their headquarters,which typically for the large companies tend to be the U.S. The revenue itself is an interesting but notquite sufficient indicator of what’s happening in practice in the field. Secondly, you asked specifically about regions such as Europeand others. We do see that there are changes there as well. As you know FC, NXPand Infineon all three essentially have gone towards the path that I would say isfab light, not fabless. What we are also seeing is an increased number of startups in Europe and specifically in Israel.And so these things sort of come a little bit in waves, and I think we bothmore sensitized and much better equipped to deal with them with having now a muchbroader product portfolio.  Overall, I think it is sort of a pathway towards a morecomplete solution, where the solution includes the words “be prepared to serveglobally”.
Jay Vleeschhouwer -Merrill Lynch:  In terms of some other metrics that you are thinking aboutfor ‘08, do you expect to be able to continue to drive higher run rates withmany, if not most, of your customers? Do you think your run rate expansiontrack record in ‘08 can be what you’ve seen in the last year or more,particularly since you’ve been trying to measure and compensate on run ratesmore than you have in the past?
Aart De Geus:  That is definitely the plan. It has to be the plan becausenotwithstanding the fact that we do see new start-ups, the reality is that thevast majority of the revenue always will come from companies that are well-established.Therefore, we need to increase our footprint going forward.  You are also alluding to the fact that our compensation hasbecome more induced by looking at run rate growth and that actually has beenquite effective. One needs to be careful to not go overboard there, but at thesame time I think we have seen very good progress in being able to articulatemore value.  Lastly, because the solution will be complete as we deliverthe custom capabilities, we can now really leverage our position into both theadjacencies and specifically the new business in IP has been very, very strongand I think will increase substantially in the coming year again.
Jay Vleeschhouwer -Merrill Lynch:  Just a couple more. On your installed base, other than ICCompiler, for which products, if any over the last year or so have you seen themost significant increases in the base in terms of the number of licenses? Ifthere is some way you can measure that as a capacity indicator; or conversely,have there been any products where the installed base of usage might have beenin decline, notwithstanding the general trend in run rates overall?
Aart De Geus: The set of tools where we have seen an increased base isactually quite substantial. Clearly, the leads are in the verification side,VCF; we have also had growth in the things that touch the lithography, and thatis directly linked to just the amount of work that has to be done there.  Interestingly, Design Compiler has done very well, thetopographical capabilities are really helping substantially in increasing thepredictability of design. You mentionedIC Compiler has now surpassed Astro and you may recall that a number of yearsago we predicted that we would be on a good ramp, and we are on a good ramp. Now these products tend to pull with them others, but Ithink I mentioned some of the key anchor points.
Jay Vleeschhouwer -Merrill Lynch: Brian, you or Aart referred to the strength in yourterritorials business. Does that necessarily correlate to marginal increases inyour upfront business? It looked like your upfront business was quite strong inQ4 at around $20 million in sales. Does that correlate to the strength interritorials and would that continue into ’08.
Brian Beattie: No, it really doesn’t relate to the specific regions. Themodel is consistently applied throughout all of the product lines and all ofthe geographies and 6% is our upfront levels relative to the revenue, and it isvery consistent and well within our target range of being less than 10%. Soseeing as we’ve already got more than 90% of 2008 already completed for ourfirst quarter and more than 80% of the year already booked, it really isreflective of a very, very strong ratable business model.
Jay Vleeschhouwer -Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Petkun – DA Davidson.
Matt Petkun – DADavidson : Aart, I might have missed this because I snuck out of theoffice for a second, but could you give the commentary about tape-outs? I thinkon the last call you said you would no longer be discussing 65 nanometer, it isso mainstream now, so I was wondering if you gave that data?
Aart De Geus: Actually, I did not. Let me give it you now. We sort ofcoerced the team to count one more time. So for 65 nanometer, we have a totalactive design number of 551, with a tape-out count of 307. The tape-out countis substantially up from where it was just three months ago. For 45 nanometer designs, we have a total active design of109 and a tape-out count of 26, also substantially up. This will be the lasttime that we report 65; passing 500 is just too much work to really audit allof this work.
Matt Petkun – DADavidson : Aart, given that metric, I am wondering what you’re thinkingjust in terms of 65-nanometer design activity next year? More specifically,what I’m looking at is new fab construction. Obviously it’s impossible tocompletely correlate what’s going on from a capacity perspective in theindustry relative to the design part of the industry. Still, if you look at thefoundries, a small portion of their revenues today come from 65 nanometers. Doyou think that your opportunity at 65 now is obviously you have a lot of designsthere, but is there still room for growth in IC Compiler for 65 nanometers nextyear or is next year really about 45 nanometer design activity?
Aart De Geus:  No, I think there is substantial opportunity for growth of65. As a matter of fact, I think that much of design is going to now migraterapidly to 65 as the mainstream, including for some smaller companies andincluding for many companies that are sort of jumping over the 90-nanometerpoint. Those folks actually do need some handholding, which as you can imagine,we are happy to provide.  Having said that, the most advanced designs are allmigrating to 45 given that there is a natural delay between design andmanufacturing capacity needed. I can say though that having talked recently tosome of the top foundries, they are starting to layer in now more capacity for65 and I think certainly in the second half of ‘08 we will see that happening.
Matt Petkun – DADavidson : Aart, if you could comment a little bit more specifically onwhat’s going on in the design for manufacturing realm, and not just in the capsand the design rule checking part of the business for you, but more specificallywhat you are seeing in terms of process aware design, what you have beeninvesting in with TCAD and with your HPL acquisition. Are those going to be assets that you start to really seemonetization in ‘08 or is that really something that needs to be longer term inyour mind?
Aart De Geus:  My first observation is those are assets that we areactually making very good money with right now. That doesn’t mean that all ofthe DFM problems are killer problems because our design tools are very capableof proactively avoiding them.  I would say that overall it is becoming now much more urgentand much more important to have strong technology between 65 and 45, and thatwe are now rapidly going to see that the tolerances, the variability, theissues around sizes on these designs compared to the actual size of the designis so large that the DFM connection will become a rapidly strong differentiatorfor our offering. The very fact that I emphasized a little bit the effortsthat we have put in integrating and aligning all of these capabilities makes ita good indicator of where our future will be, which is to provide a completesolution. As a matter of fact, we see the statistical needs already ramping up.
Matt Petkun – DADavidson :  Is a standard subscription model the right revenue model fora world where your tools may be delivering a lot of value to a few number ofchips at 32 nanometers and beyond?
Aart De Geus:  That’sa very good question. Let me parse it out into two dimensions. One is the wholedimension of revenue accounting, steady business model, financialpredictability and so on. We are absolutely strong believers that thebusiness model that we are on, that it took us a number of years to get to, isa very good business model because it is the very model that right now allowsus to look into ‘08 and as a matter of fact ‘09 and ’10 with a high degree of confidenceand thus make very proactive judgments as to where we want to invest, how wewant to run our business.  Having said that, the very fact that we are entering theopportunities space of providing much more complete solutions that we have amuch more complete product portfolio, I think gives us an opportunity to nowwork with our customers and look at touching their fab budgets, touching theirIT budgets and rethinking how we should grow our business. But the fact thatgrowth is on our minds should not be a surprise.
Matt Petkun – DADavidson :  But, you would hope to tap those fab budgets with licenserevenue or maybe a different model?
Aart De Geus:  This is precisely where our creativity and thinking has togo into right now. Given that we are looking at many of these opportunities,let me hold back a little bit as to what we want to do specifically; but havingsaid that, we are clearly looking at ‘08 as a great opportunity year for us tothink through how do we evolve the engagement model with the customer to takeadvantage of the fact that they really need us and we need them to worktogether. That is an opportunity I think to look at how we want to grow ourbusiness going forward.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Rich Valera - Needham.
Rich Valera - Needham:  Brian, I was wondering if you could give us any sense of thesize of your settlements in the IRS issue? I think the original claim againstyou guys was somewhere in the $400 million range. I wonder if you could tell uswhat you currently have reserved on you balance sheet against this and any morecolor in terms of what you actually expect the settlement amount to be?
Brian Beattie:  We are not really in a position at this point to disclosethe ultimate settlement because we are not there yet. The normal process isthat once you reach this tentative settlement with the IRS Appeals Divisionthat is then in turn put to a normal review of the Joint Committee on Taxationof the U.S. Congress. So, that’s the one that we are saying it may take severalmore months to have it finally resolved, but we have reiterated that theaccrual that we put in place, the provision for that liability is fullysatisfactory and therefore when we finally receive that signed document in acouple of months we’ll be able to make any adjustments that are required.  So at this point, I am confident it’s going to get approved.The original amount, just to clarify the number of it, is an assessment, a $477million assessment against the company and again reiterating that it is now inour range of the accrual we already made for the company and that will flowthrough when we get the final signature.
Rich Valera - Needham:  Can you tell us what that accrual is?
Brian Beattie:  Not really. We don’t give out the specifics of each of theaccruals like that and really prefer at this point until it’s signed to releasethat when we get the final signature, because it could move around perhaps andwe just don’t want to send the wrong expectations here. But we are fullyaccrued at the appropriate level and we will keep you posted as we get the finalsettlement signed.
Rich Valera - Needham:  Would you expect that number to be in your K?
Brian Beattie:  No, until it is signed the rules are officially from anaccounting perspective that until you have the final signed document, you havean ultimate agreement signed, you are not in a position to release any of thoseaccruals and to disclose even the tentative settlement because it’s notfinally, finally signed yet. It just allows us to protect our position going insubject to this final Congressional U.S. Tax Sub Committee to approve that.
Rich Valera - Needham:  Aart, just in the SPICE and FastSPICE area you mentioned youhave a product, I think you called it XA,that is relatively new and was seeing good traction. Is this a multithreaded product and essentially in responseto Magma’s FineSim Pro or is there something else coming out on your end that isa multithreaded response to that?
Aart De Geus:  No, no. We have had multithreaded capabilities in quite anumber of our tools; this is one of them that takes advantage of that. Actually,it’s a capability that has been in development for quite a while, it wasintroduced – I forget exactly which month, I think maybe September officiallyor so. We have quite a number of users already. Speeding up things in thatdomain is a never-ending quest but we’ve made fantastic progress and thecustomer reception is outstanding.
Rich Valera - Needham:  Can you give any sense of if you have had any sort ofcompetitive situations since that tool has been out there? There are some claimson their end of some pretty substantial performance deltas relative to existingtools which presumably were yours. I am just wondering if you have any sense ofhow much that tool has improved relative to the old tool?
Aart De Geus:  Well in all of these domains there are constant competitivebattles and you have to really defend your turf or attack on the basis of yourstrength. As a company we are probably on the conservative side in making bold predictions,but fundamentally we’ve done very well and actually have won a number ofaccounts. We feel very good about our technology, but it is a competitiveenvironment and there are multiple players there.
Rich Valera - Needham:  Aart, you have observed over the last several years that thelong-term growth rate of the semiconductor industry has been trending downfirst towards low double-digits and it seemed like it is trending towardssingle-digit now. Where do you see the long-term growth rate of semiconductorrevenue? In that context, where do you see the long-term growth rate of EDAgoing forward?
Aart De Geus:  If I may just put it slightly differently, I have not been apredictor of the trends going down. I have been arguing that we had a secularchange right after 2001 and that before that the semiconductor market wasessentially living a little bit beyond its means, and so was most of high-tech,by the way. If we look at the actual curve, you see that in ‘01 there was amassive correction on ‘00, and after that of course the market came somewhatback.  Today I would think that the semiconductor market is growingif you want to be broad, between 6% and 9% and of course from year to yearthere will be fluctuations and you can see that the fluctuations are a littlebit less large than they used to be in the ‘90s and ‘80s. I think that’sfundamentally because there is much more capacity available, thereforefluctuations around individual products don’t trigger much supply demand onbalance.  But going forward, I think the market will continue to grow atabout that rate and one of the encouraging signs of course is that no matterwhat happens to the global economy there is no question that electronics andspecifically consumer electronics is going to keep growing massively in terms ofdemand, because they are so many people that are joining the mainstream of buyers.That will continue, in my opinion, for quite a number of years. 
Operator:  We do have five minutes remaining in the conference. Yournext question comes from Sterling Auty - JP Morgan. 
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan:  As you look at the margins in 2008, I am curious how much ofthat is being helped by the fact that 2007 was such a big bookings year, do youactually end up getting a little bit of a boost from some of the variable salesexpenses? Where else are you going to get the additional leverage from in 2008for the margin target?
Aart De Geus:  Well, there is no question that you always have to slightlyweld a double-edged sword, which is if you do really, really well in bookingsyou have to pay commissions and you have to pay bonuses to everybody, whichcomes out of the expense line. That is never quite an easy dance as we try topredict this. Having said that, I will take higher bookings any day versus nothaving to pay the expenses; that’s obviously clear.  Going forward, you have heard us now talk about operatingmargin improvement for at least two or three years. I do believe that withinthe company we have a much more systematic discipline from an attitude point ofview and processes from a management perspective to keep doing that.  Our intent for ‘08 is to grow 300 basis points and that isreally our top constraint. Our top objective is obviously the top line revenuegrowth and then the longer-term objective is really to make sure that we cansustain growth in ‘09 and ‘10.  Much of our own focus and compensation is to put in place orto have in place an orders process that looks at a multi-year set ofarrangements and I think we have become quite proficient at that.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan:  Given several of the very large contracts that you closedthis past fiscal year, how should we think about the backlog as it migrates throughto 2008? In other words, can you still grow backlog year on year next year, oris it just to tough of a comparison?
Aart De Geus:  I think it is a tricky comparison no matter what becauseit’s always a function of a few very, very large deals that when once you getthem obviously backlog goes up and then for the next typically average threeyears, they roll off gradually.  Secondly, the timing of those or indeed the length of thedeals if it is beyond three years would impact that.  Having said that, I think almost more important from yourperspective should be our confidence in coming into a given year with a strongcoverage because that is really what’s giving us the ability to predict theshort and medium term well, thus reducing substantially the financial risk.  Secondly, it allows us to tune carefully how we grow thecompany and take maximum advantage that we have. So obviously growing backlog,whichever it is, be it the three months, the 12 months or the overall backlogis all good. The short-term backlog is really what determines the financialsecurity of the company.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan:  Last question would be on cash collection. On some of thoselarge deals that you did this past fiscal year, how much of that has alreadybeen collected or what were the collection terms? Are they annual over the lifeof the contract? I am just trying to get a sense as to how that will contributeto cash flow in this fiscal year?
Brian Beattie:  We factored in obviously to the forecast for ‘08 cash thepayments; receipts are always just about the timing, does it fall into ‘07 or doesit move into 2008? With the performance and focus we had on DSOs coming in at36 days was great. We almost doubled our cash to $433 million in ‘07 and thenour estimates for 2008 take into account that there were two payments from a prettysignificant customer that did come in, were both invoiced and collected in2007. So that obviously doesn’t follow and replicate itself again in 2008. itis all factored into our guidance on cash.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan:  I would assume that is factored into the guidance, so thetwo payments came in early; what’s left? Are all the big collections on the bigcontracts already done, or is there more left?
Brian Beattie:  There is clearly more left. That’s what we factored into ourcash forecast for 2008, to be over $325 million of operating cash flow for nextyear, all of those ongoing payments, including annual payments from thesecustomers continue to come in 2008.
Aart De Geus:  With that, if you don’t mind, let me close off the call. Wehave passed our one hour allotment. We really appreciate your time, and ofcourse your support over this past year. ‘07 in many, many ways was a very,very strong year but clearly the most important aspect of the strength of ‘07is the confidence it gives us for ‘08.  I hope that we delivered well against your expectations and arelooking forward to a strong ‘08. Thank you very much.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-08-22 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - Vice President, Investor Relations   Aart J. de Geus - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer   Brian M. Beattie - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley   Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company   Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch   Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup   Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets   Richard Valera - Needham & Company   Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Synopsys earnings conference call for the third quarter fiscal year 2007. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. During the course of this conference call, Synopsys may make forecasts, targets, and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, the company’s actual results and performance are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that may be projected.  In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2006, our recent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and in our earnings release for the third quarter.  In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call, as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, can be found in our third quarter earnings release and financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com.  With that, I will turn the call over to Aart de Geus. 
Aart J. de Geus: Good afternoon. I’m happy to report that Synopsys again produced a very strong quarter. Excellent business execution brought us strong revenue and earnings growth, as well as solid cash flow. Our robust technology was rewarded by increased customer momentum and our focus on marketing strategy is making visible progress.  Let me begin with the main financial highlights. In Q3, we delivered excellent earnings growth with non-GAAP earnings of $0.32 per share, a 50% increase over the same period last year. Revenue in the quarter grew 10% year over year to $304 million. From an orders perspective, we had by far the largest quarter ever with a book-to-bill of well over 2.  We managed costs well. Non-GAAP expenses were within our expected range of $247 million. For the year, we are well on track to deliver on our operating margin objective of 20%. Going forward, we remain committed to a target in the mid to high 20s over the coming years.  Let me now briefly comment on the overall semiconductor landscape. In Q3, the environment did not change significantly from the previous period. Memory pricing is clearly strained, although overall semiconductor demand continues to grow unabated.  A number of companies are reassessing their manufacturing options, including the possibility of sharing capacity and technology developments. The move to smaller geometries meanwhile is not slowing down. In fact, one of our customers has already announced a 45-nanometer consumer chip that has moved from design to production shipments.  Needless to say, the technical challenges of 65 and 45-nanometer design are substantial. There are hundreds of millions of transistors, laying out the physical design for optimal timing and low power, minimizing the physical effects on yield, all under severe schedule constraints on an [upward] path.  However, these challenges play to Synopsys' strength of advanced technology, complete solution, and sophisticated support. As a result, during Q3 we moved several important long-term relationships to the next level of collaboration. The most visible of these is with Intel. After a substantial set of evaluations, Intel selected Synopsys as its primary EDA supplier.  This comprehensive agreement expands our relationships, not just in terms of commercial duration, run-rate and product utilization, but also in terms of wide-reaching technical collaboration with what is arguably the most advanced semiconductor technology company in the world.  It is important to note that our business was strong this quarter, even excluding Intel. A number of other leading companies, including some we have worked closely with for years, are expanding their relationships with us to redefine the technology landscape and sharpen their differentiation.  One example is a broad agreement with a semiconductor ecosystem leader, which features both a larger commercial relationship and a collaboration to bring advanced solutions to our mutual customers.  This brings me to some product highlights for the quarter. Over the years, we have pulled together an increasingly integrated and broad complement of capabilities. Today, I would like to highlight one area where Synopsys is differentiated with a complete end-to-end solution -- low power.  At 65-nanometer and below, piecemeal solutions offered by many vendors just don’t work. Synopsys’ integrated offerings let customers achieve low power goals while also meeting their other objectives on schedule.  As one example, when ARM, the world’s largest semiconductor IP company, required a low power methodology for their CPU cores, they partnered with Synopsys. We jointly developed a low power methodology that was delivered to the design community at June’s design automation conference. Demand was so high that the publisher cut its release timeline in half and was actually selling preliminary copies.  Our low power expertise permeates both our Galaxy implementation and discovery verification platforms. While Synopsys’ synthesis has had embedded power optimization for well over a decade, more recently our IC Compiler has integrated the most advanced low power layout techniques with great success.  For example, IC Compiler helped NEC achieve 2X performance improvement and still meet a very tough power budget. Toshiba is standardizing on IC Compiler for its highly automated, multi-voltage, tightly integrated flow. Just to expand on IC Compiler for a moment, we have moved beyond the initial deployment phase well into proliferation. On both a business and technology basis, it is doing very well.  On the verification side, we continued our low power focus with the June acquisition of ArchPro, the industry leader in multi-voltage design verification and sign-off. With ArchPro, we are adding unique low-power differentiation to discovery.  Companies such as Renesas, for example, are already using this sophisticated technology in their most advanced multi-voltage designs.  The need for faster and faster verification continues with no end in sight. In both digital and analog mixed signal, Discovery is seeing great technical end-market success.  VCF is seeing important competitive wins and displacements and continues to grow very well. This momentum is driven by strong technology, leadership in SystemVerilog, and a complete, mature verification methodology that has been deployed worldwide, most recently in China.  In analog mixed signal, we also witnessed excellent technical end market progress. Specifically, the ability to trade up accuracy and performance in our AMS 2007 offering was especially well-received by our customers.  Now, to our design for manufacturing adjacency, which continues to show good results. This area has potential both for manufacturing and for the connection between design and manufacturing. The physics of ever-smaller geometry makes designing for acceptable yields an increasing challenge. Over the last five years, Synopsys has developed and acquired advanced technology in both design and manufacturing.  We have been integrating these two domains to enhance yield at 65-nanometer and especially at 45 and below. Our first integrated product was PrimeYield, which links manufacturing information into design. The result is an accurate simulation of complex lithography physical effects before the chips are actually built.  This integration brings customers potentially huge cost-savings by avoiding yield pitfalls. We are beginning to see PrimeYield momentum in both technology wins and adoption. In addition, it has already been qualified for TSMC’s reference flow 8.0.  Looking forward, we are continuing to integrate more steps along the design for manufacturing continuum. For example, we are presently integrating our optical proximity correction and mass data prep solutions. Excellent advancements in our core OCP engine are also bringing us competitive success.  We had two significant wins in Q3 against both a traditional competitor whom we displaced and also a technology win versus a newcomer.  Now to IP, which had another very strong quarter and is our fastest-growing adjacency. Having heavily invested in the quality processes to create a core sophisticated IP, we are now enjoying the fruits of those efforts as IP proliferation becomes much more mainstream.  Today, Synopsys is the recognized leader in connectivity IP, with both analog and digital cores for standards like USB and PCI express. During the quarter, we expanded our IP portfolio by acquiring the assets of MOSAID, a leader in DDR cores. Increasing our reach into this key interface standard expands our ability to offer customers a one-stop shop for high quality IP.  Let me focus for a moment on our go-to-market strategy to capture more value for what we provide. I am happy to report that we made good progress this quarter. As you’ll recall, in addition to serving customers with the most advanced, bleeding edge designs, we are focusing on better addressing the needs of customers who design at mature technology nodes of 130-nanometer and above.  Last quarter, we introduced our first new product, IC Compiler Express, targeted at these processes. This quarter, IC Compiler Express became generally available and already has several customers.  From the IP side, we are also broadening our offering beyond the most demanding users. In Q3, as part of our segmentation strategy, we introduced special edition design ware cores. These cores are preconfigured and pre-integrated IP for customers who need more mainstream solutions. They reduce the engineering efforts spent on integrating a digital and analog block together and reduce our support cost as well.  Going forward, we will apply the same product stratification to our verification offering. Today, we are viewed as the go-to company for the most advanced simulation and bug-finding needs and rightfully so. We plan to extend this expertise into the broader market as well. Stay tuned to this are in the quarters to come.  Before concluding, I would like to briefly address our outlook beyond 2007. With recent fluctuations in the financial markets, we appreciate that many of you are wondering about our 2008 outlook. We are completing our 2008 plans this quarter and will provide final guidance at our next earnings call. However, thanks to the visibility of our business model, we feel comfortable giving you some preliminary thoughts as an indication of confidence and strength going into the year.  Even with the end of our license model transition, and even without the extra week we had in 2007, we are comfortable with current Wall Street expectations of non-GAAP EPS growth of 16% to 19%, revenue growth of 7% to 8%, and assumptions of continued improvement in operating margin.  To wrap up, Q3 was all about excellent execution. We delivered strong earnings growth, record orders, solid cash flow, and we broadened some very important customer partnerships. We look forward to ending the year strongly and are well-positioned to continue to deliver good results into 2008.  With that, I will turn the call over to Brian who will provide more detail on the financials. 
Brian M. Beattie: Thank you, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. In my comments today, I will summarize our financial results for the quarter, provide you with an update on our stock repurchase program, and conclude with our guidance. As a reminder, I will be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We have provided a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in the press release and the financial supplement posted on our website.  In my discussions, all of my comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis, unless I specify otherwise.  We are very pleased that we’ve completed another strong quarter. We delivered double-digit growth in revenues and earnings per share and expanded our operating margins. We generated significant cash from operations, continued our stock repurchase program, and our balance sheet remains extremely healthy.  Let me now provide some additional detail on our financials. Total revenues increased 10% to $304.1 million, at the high-end of our target range. Business was robust across all the product lines and we continue to expect a book-to-bill greater than one for all of FY07. One customer accounted for slightly more than 10% of our Q3 revenues.  Turning to expenses, total non-GAAP expenses were within our planned range at $247.2 million for the quarter. As expected, operating expenses increased during the quarter due to timing of expenses, such as variable compensation, reflecting higher Q3 and annual business levels.  For the full year, we are maintaining our total annual expense target of a very modest 2% to 3% increase, inclusive of our extra week of spending this year.  We were pleased with our profitability during the quarter. Non-GAAP operating margins increased nearly 400 basis points to 18.7%, and as expected, dipped sequentially due to timing of expenses.  For the first three quarters of our fiscal year, we have achieved a non-GAAP operating margin of 19.4%. We are committed to achieving an operating margin of approximately 20% for all of fiscal 2007, driving to the mid to high 20s in the next several years. We plan to achieve these targets by growing revenue and continually improving the company’s operations and cost structure.  Turning now to earnings, GAAP earnings per share were $0.17, with cost and expenses totaling $281.1 million. This includes $12.2 million of amortization of intangible assets and $16.1 million of share-based compensation.  Non-GAAP earnings per share increased more than 50% to $0.32, exceeding our target range. We achieved these strong results even as we continued to invest in our marketing efforts and product innovation.  Our non-GAAP tax rate was 26% in Q3, down substantially from year-ago levels, primarily due to the continued optimization of our international operations and the reenactment of an R&D tax credit.  For modeling purposes, we think that a 28% non-GAAP tax rate is a reasonable estimate for FY08.  Turning now to bookings, we continue to execute well on contract mix. Greater than 95% of Q3 product orders were booked as rateable licenses, with less than 5% booked up front. A large long-term contract during the quarter brought the average length of our renewable customer license commitments to greater than four years. This metric will continue to fluctuate quarterly depending on the mix of contracts signed, but would typically be in the three-year range.  Turning now to cash and balance sheet items, cash and short-term investments increased $27 million sequentially to $794 million, due to strong operating cash flow of $116 million.  Capital expenditures were $12 million in the quarter. We continued to execute on our buy-back program and repurchased 2.2 million shares of Synopsys stock for $59 million.  During the first three quarters of the fiscal year, we have spent $141 million repurchasing approximately 5.3 million shares, and we have $441 million remaining on our current authorization.  Because of the timing of a large invoice at the end of the quarter, Q3 net accounts receivable increased to $204.8 million, and DSOs were slightly above our historical range at 61 days.  Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $635.4 million.  At the end of Q3, we had approximately 5,100 employees with a slight sequential increase due primarily to the acquisition of ArchPro.  Now, as Aart discussed, we closed two strategic acquisitions during the quarter. In June, we acquired ArchPro Design Automation for low power verification. It was an all-cash deal valued at $12.9 million. In July, we acquired the semiconductor IP assets of MOSAID Technologies, a developer and licensor of semiconductor IP. It was an all-cash deal valued at $15.3 million. These acquisitions are included in our guidance for the rest of FY07.  And now, addressing guidance for the fourth quarter of FY07, our targets are: revenue between $300 million and $310 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $261 million and $277 million, which includes approximately $17 million of share-based compensation expense; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $236 million and $246 million; other income and expense between $3 million and $6 million; a non-GAAP tax rate between 25% and 26%; outstanding shares between 146 million and 151 million; GAAP earnings of $0.18 to $0.26 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $0.34 to $0.37 per share.  We expect greater than 90% of the quarter’s revenue to come from backlog.  For fiscal year 2007, we are again raising the low end of our revenue range with our new target between $1.195 billion and $1.205 billion, reflecting an annual increase of 9% to 10%; total non-GAAP expenses to be 2% to 3% higher than FY06; a non-GAAP tax rate of about 25%; outstanding shares between 146 million and 151 million; GAAP earnings per share between $0.78 and $0.86, which includes the impact of approximately $64 million in share-based compensation expense; non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.31 to $1.34 -- we’ve increased the low-end of our guidance range by $0.04 and the high-end by $0.01; operating margin of approximately 20%.  Over the next four quarters, we expect approximately $1.02 billion of our beginning of quarter backlog to turn to revenue. We are raising our cash flow from operations target to greater than $325 million.  In summary, we are very pleased with our third quarter financial results. We’ve expanded our profitability, increased cash from operations, and our strong balance sheet stands ready to support our future growth objectives. We’ll continue to focus on delivering shareholder returns by improving our capital structure, primarily driven by our stock buy-back program.  With that, I will turn it over to the operator for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of Harlan Sur from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon. Nice execution on the July quarter. Aart, first question for you; in the memory market, both DRAM and NAND are really sort of the technology drivers now for the semiconductor industry from a manufacturing perspective. Clearly the adoption of memory, especially Flash in the consumer markets is driving a significant amount of growth going forward in this segment of the market space.  Can you just talk about how Synopsys is positioned to take advantage of these trends in memory? At a minimum, I would assume that it’s analog verification, DFN and IP. Am I missing anything? 
Aart J. de Geus: Well, thanks for answering your own question. You got it right that the technologies where we have the most impact is clearly the verification side. Actually, interestingly enough, increasingly even some synthesis because with these very large memories, there’s more and more very, very sophisticated control logic that goes around it and so memory is far and away now from just being a bunch of transistors.  Having said that, if I my just quibble slightly with your opening, as much as memory is one of the technology drivers, the technology that is used for logic is quite a bit different than what is used in the memory domain. And of course, all of those are continuing going for smaller geometries but they do demand today a slightly different approach. And so for us, it is important to be well-connected to both the leaders on the logical side and the leaders on the memory side and I think we absolutely are. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks for that, and then another question for the team, if I look at the next four quarter backlog, it went up by about $50 million, obviously as a result I think of the larger deal that you signed in the July quarter, so I’m a little perplexed why the fourth quarter revenue outlook wouldn’t be going up at a minimum about $10 million to $13 million sequentially versus the July quarter. Maybe the team can help me understand that. 
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. Well, part of the answer is that as new deals come in, you can’t assume that every deal gets renewed on the last day of its existence, meaning that the backlog can grow in the future without impacting necessarily the quarter that we are in presently or even the next one. These things really are extremely complex layering in of backlog.  Secondly, overall the run-rates with many of those companies goes, just goes steadily up, assuming that we do a good job driving them in that direction, and it is fairly rare that you would have enormous discontinuities unless you sort of layer in that whole new set of products.  Lastly, I am glad that you’re observing these numbers and at the same time always a little bit weary of over-interpreting a single quarter because there is a little bit of fluctuation and things are somewhat lumpy. But in aggregate over a long period of time, I think these are good long-term indicators. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks, Aart. 
Operator: Next we go to the line of Matt Petkun from D.A. Davidson & Company. Please go ahead. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: Thanks for taking my call. Just one real quick question for me, Aart; I noticed last week Cadence and Mentor are partnering on what they are calling an open SystemVerilog verification methodology. I’m wondering what your read is on that new methodology that they are purporting to be supporting and how that compares to the SystemVerilog that you guys have been supporting for some time. 
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. The first comment is that these days, everything starts with the word open and so that’s not a surprise. What is interesting is that, not a surprise either, SystemVerilog has really moved forward very, very rapidly. You may recall that we introduced the notion of SystemVerilog about three-and-a-half years ago, initially to a great deal of skepticism. Today, I can tell you that a vast majority of the advanced users already are well entrenched. We have hundreds of users and I would think that Synopsys is way ahead on this ball game today.  Now, there are many reasons why we are ahead. Not only is it a good standard but it is also because of the technology that we have deployed behind it. And so, notwithstanding all the languages and standards and so on, at the end of the day, the raw strength of the tools really makes a difference. We have a broad set of partners, not just in the utilization side but also on the IP side around that. So I think we are doing very well with it. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: Okay, and then just one other question for Brian; when we look at the operating margin expansion that you anticipate for fiscal ’08, do you see more synergy coming out of your R&D efforts or out of sales and marketing? And I assume that the big up-tick we saw in this most recent quarter was the result of that large deal in the sales and marketing line item. 
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, that’s correct, Matt. The expense piece itself grew in the third quarter associated with the large transaction of business, both in the third quarter and for the total year. When we look ahead to some of the early discussions on 2008, we’d anticipate that expenses of course grow less than the rate of revenue, therefore contributing to margin growth in the year. And you know, we are working through the final details of that plan of next year but obviously we are committed to continued margin expansion for 2008, as well as our longer term targets in the mid to high 20 range. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: Thank you. 
Operator: Next we go to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Brian, I would like to ask you about the duration of the contracts in the quarter. Obviously Intel took the average up significantly, presumably it was about a five-year deal. The question is, if it made sense to do a deal that long for that customer, would it make sense to do similarly long deals for other important customers as well? 
Brian M. Beattie: Well, it makes sense. Of course, our focus is on the run-rate for the quarter as well, that we continue to expand our relationships with all these customers. And as Aart mentioned, getting deeper in terms of increased partnerships, working closely in terms of sharing growth with their business and us, so it’s all good directions. This particular agreement f course locking in a company the size of Intel without commenting specifically on the length of the contract agreement was that this is the right thing to do for Synopsys and for Intel at this point.  You know, different customers have different time horizons in mind. We typically expect our contract length is in that three-year range, so this is again expanding relationships during this quarter. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Aart, a two-fold question on technology; could you elaborate on the nature of the technology collaboration you will be doing with Intel? Synopsys has a history of working closely with different customers from time to time, Toshiba, for example, in the past, and other examples. Where specifically will you focus with Intel?  And then secondly otherwise, are there any products in the portfolio that are undergoing or would need to undergo any significant rewrites? Sooner or later, any product and software would need to through some rebuild. Is there anything of that kind that you foresee for Synopsys products? 
Aart J. de Geus: We never comment on anything that we do with specific customers unless there has been a specific press release, and given the level of sophistication of Intel, that certainly applies to them as well.  Generically though, I can say that I foresee that with a number of customers, we are moving towards a closer and closer relationship for a variety of reasons, one of which is that the level of sophistication of the support we provide as a material impact on the success and differentiation in their utilization. Secondly, a number of our customers have very good insight as to some of the technology development that we can do together to actually accelerate our technology. And so I think that is sort of the general categories that these types of things fall under.  Now, regarding rewrite, most people don’t fully appreciate that in the vast majority of the cases we have an ongoing rewriting happening in our code, and there is very good reason for that, which is we actually deliver an enormous amount of innovation, but what is not always fully understood is that all of that innovation has to be 100% plus backward-compatible with 15 years of ways of doing chips. This is actually quite a unique set of requirements that we’ve been able to live up very, very well.  If I can take an example for that, our in that sense oldest or youngest product, depending on how you want to look at it, is the design compiler topographical, which has seen enormous progress in terms of understanding place and route capabilities in the synthesis and yet being in some ways a good old design compiler that you can trust and that works very well and that does all these things that it always used to do. And from a software development perspective, I can tell you it’s not an easy feat to do at times.  And so from the customer perspective, in general as much as they are interested by brand new features, they really hate discontinuities and I’ve always said revolutionary technology needs to be rolled out in evolutionary fashion. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Final question; could you comment, Aart, at all, any vertical market expectations you have, particularly going into ’08? Is there anything you see on the mobile side, the automotive side? Any other verticals that you think will become particularly incremental for you or the industry over the next year or two? 
Aart J. de Geus: You know, I think that is almost the same as asking the question which vertical segments will do well, with or without us, because it is clear that some market segments have a lot more opportunity than others.  One of the things I would highlight is the tremendous importance of everything that touches the word video through the entire food chain. There’s no question that video does for baud rate, for storage, for even display and capture, the same as word MIPS did for processors 15 years ago, which is more is better.  If you see the many clips that people download just from YouTube, it’s just going to be a matter of time that that stuff needs to high definition. So those are the types of things that transcend a number of the key traditional verticals. One of the reasons we prefer to look at it almost from these technology requirement perspectives is because they become much more actionable than just saying here’s the memory segment. And as we alluded to earlier, even the memory segment is suddenly very, very interested in synthesis, so it’s not the good old memory segment from the past. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Aart. 
Operator: Next we go to the line of Terence Whalen with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup: Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the quarter. My first question, Aart, is a pretty straightforward one. You typically give active designs and cumulative tape-outs for 65 and 45, and I was wondering if I could get those. 
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. Let’s look at 65-nanometer first. We are right now tracking 488 designs, and this is probably the last time that we track because once we pass 500, the amount of work that goes into having very good numbers is very difficult, so about 488 active designs, 241 tape-outs. Again, the majority with Synopsys physical tools.  Looking at 45-nanometer, we are tracking 73 active designs. That is up from 52 last quarter and 16 tape-outs, and we are also tracking already several 32-nanometer designs.  So fundamentally, the state-of-the-art leaders are moving forward unencumbered. 
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup: Great, and then secondly, Aart, I think you mentioned that intellectual property represents one of your higher growth adjacency opportunities. You’ve obviously had the recent acquisition there. I was wondering, does that comment reflect at all on the opportunity in design for manufacturer or do you think both offer similar growth potential looking into 2008? 
Aart J. de Geus: Well, certainly looking back, if we look at the trailing 12-month revenue growth, you see about 23% to 24% for IP and 21% to 22% for DFM, so they are fairly similar. They are different in nature in that IP comes truly in sort of incremental building blocks, if I can call it that, and we certainly have a strong position, not just by virtue of the collection of things that we have but just as importantly by virtue of the process of be able to roll out high quality IP almost like a factory now. That took a long time to build.  On the DFM side, it’s a little different. There I think the game has already moved more towards the integration of extremely sophisticated techniques that all add up to how do you modify design to avoid challenges in the first place? And so in that sense, it is a little bit more technically like traditional, very, very sophisticated software but it is a new domain and we do expect very good growth. So right now, I would handicap ’08 as probably IP first, DFM second. 
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup: Okay, great, and one last one, if I could; I think Aart, in your opening statement, you mentioned that you are beginning to see visible progress from your marketing strategy. I was wondering if you could just drill down with a little more specificity. Are you referring to segmentation or low power? And that’s it for me, thanks. 
Aart J. de Geus: Well, you know, I think this builds a little bit on Jay’s question, which is the sheer fact that we use the term segmentation at Synopsys is almost novel. But it is also clear that you can approach it from the traditional segments, such as memory, automotive, et cetera, and look at it in terms of how well are we doing with these players and how well are we moving forward.  You can approach it from a stratification in terms of need, and there we have made some progress because you saw, for example, IC Compiler Express be a different type of tool than the one that we’ve used for the advanced end. We’ve done the same for IP. We are going to do more on verification.  And then you can finally approach it more from a solution perspective and my focus on low power was chosen on purpose because it’s the single most important design constraint that’s actually hard to do when you add to it timing and schedule and test and other things.  So I think what I can report after about now I guess nine months of moving in this direction, that the vocabulary has set in and that we are starting to now look at the insight and turning them into action. And you saw the first results of that and I think that’s going to be ongoing from now on. 
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup: Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Next we go to the line of Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you very much. Aart, I just want to drill down a little bit on the DFM, in terms of basically I see it’s a record number for Q3, and you are saying that is going to grow slower than IP, but is it expanding into the areas beyond just a little calculation, some of the variability in the processing, like CMP or other areas of processing? And hopefully your new position, new board membership gives you more insight into this kind of variability. 
Aart J. de Geus: First, I am not sure that I said it would grow slower than IP. Maybe I just said that IP may grow faster than DFM. The reality is I don’t think that I can really tell much difference right now going forward because most of these areas are very promising. They just behave very differently.  Having said that, I think you are alluding correctly to the fact that within the general realm of DFM, different capabilities are sort of gradually coming online and gradually becoming important and we can absolutely see that things such as DMP and a few others are starting to sort of turn the corner in terms of being essential, amounting in between 65 and 45 or 55-nanometer, we see even some of those designs.  And there’s a slew of these capabilities that we have available and that suddenly are sort of hitting the interest meter of our customers. If I take another one that falls into that category is the notion of stress, where essentially certain structures inside of a transistor are under stress and therefore change their electrical characteristic. Well, that’s suddenly very important because that may impact substantially the timing of a circuit.  And so all of these things are sort of now suddenly becoming important but we have invested in them for a long time and we have connected many of those already in a flow that is truly could be viewed as a design for manufacturing flow.  So I think there’s a lot of opportunity there and we are encouraged by the need for the technology. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: And the question of 65-nanometer adoption, I don’t have a good sense of that design, the number of designs and tape-outs. What does that convey in terms of what do you expect that for at this stage for 90-nanometer? If you can give a comparison and the other thing I want you to comment, if you could, is what we are hearing is that foundries are not, do not have a very good utilization at 65-nanometer as they expected, and the adoption in terms of [inaudible] has been slower. Any comment on that would be helpful. 
Aart J. de Geus: Certainly. Well, you know, we are in the unfortunate situation that we literally now have multiple years of quarter-by-quarter data and to my own surprise, we saw about three or four quarters ago, that 90-nanometer tracked 130, 65 tracked 90, and 45 tracked 65 by virtually exactly two years, and the present numbers reflect that again.  So what that tells me is that the advanced guys, and that’s not the same as the lagging group, that the advanced guys are absolutely still competing on smaller geometries. By the way, that also explains why the foundries are not necessarily there yet because most of the advanced guys are or used to be, if I can call it that, IDMs where they drove the advanced technology and then executed it themselves.  I think that will change over time, as now the foundries are picking up more of the technology development and will be forced into moving a little bit faster and we definitely see a change there as well. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you, and a couple of quick questions on the income statement. The other income, if you take out the non-recurring item, is close to $7 million. That is probably -- your run-rate of interest income is about $7 million, I’m guessing. You can correct me on that, and your guidance, you have been guiding $3 million to $6 million. Can you explain the disparity there in terms of guidance? 
Brian M. Beattie: You’re right, Mahesh. What we’ve been looking at is the OI&E line is primarily representing our interest income, and actually with higher cash balances, by focusing on our operating cash flows, we’re able to drive that number higher and as a result, our interest income continues to grow.  We had $6 million in the second quarter. It went to $7 million in the third quarter. I think we are being a little cautious perhaps on the interest rate assumption for the fourth quarter, but that’s in the same range as what we’d expect to see this quarter. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: And a quick one on the buy-back strategy; is it your long-term strategy is going to basically keep your share count flat or even going down slightly, the buy-back will be driven by that? 
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, exactly. We’ve looked back over history the last three years and we continue to buy back more shares than what we had issued in terms of options, and then more recently in terms of RSUs.  We also continue to focus in 2007 on actually reducing the number of options and RSUs that we intend to issue by design, and therefore as a result continue to address reducing the number of shares outstanding.  The offset to that proactive program here is really focused on the fact that our share price continues to go up, and as a result, the dilutive impact of the additional share price is one of the offsets we are also trying to drive and get the absolute share count down on a fully diluted basis. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Next we go to the line of Richard Valera from Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: Thank you. Good evening. Aart, you had several notable success of IC Compiler in terms of customers that have adopted it, and yet it seems that the growth in the Galaxy area is still pretty modest year over year. Can you say if you are getting the value you expected to get from IC Compiler in terms of I believe it was around a 30%, 35% up-lift in list price, or was there anything else that is keeping that line from growing in terms of competitive or pricing pressures? 
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. Well, the ratio in terms of the list prices is unchanged. I think one of the reasons we are starting to report a little bit more from the perspective of core EDA is because in so many cases, it is actually at times a little difficult to distinguish between Galaxy and Discovery.  In general, IC Compiler is doing very well for us and so the replacement of PC Astro is well on track. There is definitely pricing stress throughout the industry, just because a lot of competitors but even within that, I think we’ve done reasonably well. So if you look at core EDA growth, it’s about 8%. Maybe we have been a little too stringent on Galaxy but that’s just sort of the reality that we deal with right now. 
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: Great, that’s helpful. Brian, could you just reiterate the initial fiscal 2008 guidance that you said? What were those ranges you had given out? 
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, I clarified that it wasn’t specifically guidance for the year but we are really just commenting on the Wall Street expectations at this point. And what that reflects is that we said we are comfortable with the EPS growth that was forecast in the range of 16% to 19%; revenue growth of 7% to 8%; and also that the assumptions of the ops margin expansion was also in line. 
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: Okay, that’s helpful. And understanding that everything is preliminary for fiscal ’08, in terms of what would drive that growth, would you care to comment on that at all, Aart? It sounds like it is probably the two adjacencies you’ve talked about, which are sort of faster growing. But would you give any color at all on what drives that 7% to 8% top line growth? 
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. Again, with maybe reiterating the caveat that we did not want to be in a position of giving guidance. This is not guidance. The plan is not finished, therefore that was not the intent. The intent was to respond to the very fact that there’s so much fluctuation on Wall Street, people are just worried, is this a good or bad company, that we are actually a very solid company given the business model, and that’s why we can make these statements.  Having said that, going forward clearly we see multiple opportunities. We feel that actually our core EDA is quite strong and the fact that we have seen the benefit of many of the integrations now gradually become more and more visible to customers that before didn’t fully appreciate this, I think bodes well for our core EDA position.  Now, around those, clearly the adjacencies are not only doing well on their own but I think they are also strategically important in helping the core, or you could turn it around -- the core helps the adjacencies because the better we do in IP, the better we for our tools and vice versa.  And so we are actually quite positive about the opportunity space that we have and our comments going forward were almost exclusively based on the fact that the business model allowed us to already project that we would be well in tune with what, at a minimum, Wall Street is expecting. 
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: That’s helpful. Thank you very much. 
Operator: And our final question is from Dennis Wassung from Canaccord Adams. Please go ahead. 
Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: Thanks. Good afternoon. First question, another follow-up on the Intel contract and also you alluded to some other large contracts in the quarter. I’m just curious; as you look at these transactions and obviously they are larger in scope than the prior contracts, you talked about increasing your run-rate, I’m just wondering if you could comment as to how much of that increase that you are seeing at this point is increased usage of the same class of tools or basically higher seat counts, higher capacity versus how much, for Intel, for example, being the primary supplier there and expanding your relationship, are you really getting at the new categories of tools that you weren’t currently in at Intel? Namely, are you taking some share away from other people in the process? 
Aart J. de Geus: Dennis, with the caveat that I don’t want to say anything more than what I said specifically about Intel, as we protect the privacy of all of our customers, we did say there that it was a broadening of pretty much every dimension, meaning the contracts in the various forms of sizes, the product utilization.  What is clear is that when we are looking at R&D collaboration, one of the reasons that we are very, very happy to work with Intel is because they are a phenomenally strong player from a silicon technology point of view.  As we see that increasingly, a number of semiconductor companies can no longer afford the development costs or the sophistication required to be on the leading edge, working closely in a technology relationship with the company that arguably is the most advanced one is something that if we do a good job, will be of very high value to both parties.  And I would not want to restrict at all that value to the existing tools, although there’s no question that on the existing tools, we have already found areas where we can do better than what we have, so it will accelerate our technology.  Talking a little bit more broadly, I think that these collaboration relationships will be important going forward and I believe that over the years, we have built a skill-set within Synopsys that knows how to manage this relatively small scale that we now can gradually go broader scale, and Intel is clearly a trailblazer with us in that. 
Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: Okay, and just a quick follow-up on the Intel side of it specifically, obviously Intel has been a very important customer for you for a number of years here, and likely the primary EDA supplier for Synopsys here, so is the real change or I guess difference in this agreement specifically, is that more the technology collaboration aspect of this that’s the key differentiator between this and former relationships or contracts with Intel? 
Aart J. de Geus: I think there are many positive changes. The reason I like to highlight specifically the collaboration is because from a strategic point of view, I think it has the broadest ramifications, and it has ramifications between the two companies in terms of the value they get, the product evolution, their product utilization, et cetera. But it also has ramifications for other companies that will over time benefit from doing business with us because they can rest assured that we will stay very close to the leading edge of technology. 
Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: Okay, and last one for me on the manufacturing side, you alluded to the fact that you guys are integrating some of your OPC capabilities with the mass data prep technology. I’m just curious at this point, I know Synopsys has amassed a long list of manufacturing-related technologies, whether it’s TCAD or PrimeYield or the OPC stuff -- how much of your business at this point really is an integrated offering in that area, or is it more driven by point tool sales in some of these areas of manufacturing? 
Aart J. de Geus: That’s a very good question because I think in many situations, customers use sort of all of our tools and so they are sort of applauding on the sidelines every time that we do better integration because the better integration initially does not change the nature of the tools -- it immediately has major impact on throughput.  In the medium term though, it does change gradually the nature of the tools because now they start to play off better off of each other. In the long-term, it’s even broader than that. It really brings a vision and an understanding of manufacturing into the design world and I think that is where it has to go, because if you don’t do that, it will be absolutely impossible to do layouts and expect high yield. There are just too many places where a small mistake gets multiplied by thousands and thousands of occurrences.  And so I think this integration is one of the key directions and it is sort of a little bit of a catch-all word for really a substantial evolution in an entire field, but it is simultaneously built on making sure that we have the best product as well. 
Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: Great. Thank you. 
Aart J. de Geus: It sounds like we have arrived at the end of the quarter. We appreciate -- well, I guess we have arrived at the end of the quarter but also at the end of the earnings release. We appreciate the time you spent with us. We clearly are looking back on a very strong Q3 and have a good outlook on Q4 and even beyond that, and so we appreciate the time and as usual, Brian, Lisa and I are available after the call. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference is available for replay after 5:30 p.m. Pacific Time today through September 5th at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive replay service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and enter the access code of 883145. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Once again, those numbers are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, with the access code of 883145, and it is available for replay after 5:30 p.m. Pacific Time today through September 5th at midnight.  That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-05-23 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - VP of IR   Aart de Geus - Chairman & CEO   Brian Beattie - CFO 
Analysts: Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley   Rich Valera - Needham & Company   Raj Seth - Cowen & Company   Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch   Terence Whalen - Citigroup   Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adam   Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Synopsys Incorporated Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter Of Fiscal Year 2007. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time (Operator Instructions).  As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Pamela. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys and Brian Beattie Chief Financial Officer.  During the course of this conference call, Synopsys may make forecasts, targets, and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance as of today, the company's actual results and performance are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that may be projected.  In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2006, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for our first fiscal quarter, and in our earnings release for the second quarter.  In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call, as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in our second quarter earnings release and financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at www.synopsys.com.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I'm pleased to report that Synopsys had another very strong quarter, which further solidifies our outlook for the fiscal year. We continued our excellent business execution with strong revenue and earnings growth, solid cash flow, and our very predictable business model.  In technology, we see momentum. With new product introductions and customer adopting our complete platforms. We also continue to evolve our go-to-market approach for value capture and simultaneously invest in future growth.  Let me begin with some financial highlights. In Q2, we delivered excellent earnings growth. Non-GAAP earnings were $0.35 per share, more than double the same period last year. As a result, we are raising our earnings guidance for the year. Revenue in the quarter grew 7% year-over-year to $293 million. We managed costs well. Non-GAAP expenses were $229 million.  Our plan is to take a portion of these savings and invest in growth initiatives while holding total expenses for the year to a slight increase as we had planned. With our revenue and expense performance, we met our 2007 operating margin target ahead of schedule. It was 22% in Q2. We anticipate the full year operating margin to be approximately 20% as we drive towards our mid to high 20s target over the coming years.  Before delving into technology highlights, let me comment on the overall semiconductor landscape. Interacting with our customers we see a broad spectrum of challenges and expectations. Whereas some companies are doing very well, with solid results and expectations, others are reporting tappet results. While it's difficult predict short-term fluctuations, we are optimistic about the industry's long-term growth prospect.  Technology drivers, such as, VoIP, Internet video and consumer electronics in general, all provide a solid basis for sustained growth in semiconductors. Our view is supported by continued growth in advance design starts, driven by the demand for complex multi-faceted consumer devices. In fact, in the last six months, the active 65-nanometer designs we track have increased more than 50% to 441.  Even at 45-nanometer, we already track more than 50 designs and 9 tape-outs, virtually all relying heavily on Synopsys. The migration to 65 and 45 nanometer is visible, not only in logic SoC design, but in the memory sector, as well.  At the same time, customer budget pressures are intense. Technology development and capacity costs are making customers rethink how they differentiate. Recent announcements show a shift by some IDMs to a fab-lite business model. Some are also forming manufacturing consortium as a way to share costs.  Synopsys is well positioned to help customer meet their new requirements. During Q2, we saw a number of companies increase their commitment to Synopsys. In fact, we expect business for the year to be stronger than our initial plan.  STMicroelectronics, who present a great example of how we help customers, solved the competing challenges of extremely demanding technology with the need to minimize the cost of high volume. In fact, ST achieved first silicon success for a complex 65-nanometer consumer chip by using Synopsys throughout the entire flow, from IP, to implementation, to verification and final signoff.  Complex chips especially benefit from using our complete flow. Only powerful integrated platforms can truly tackle the maze of interrelated design objectives. Our investments in these kinds of platforms over the last few years are paying off.  This brings me to the product highlights for the quarter. Let me begin with our Galaxy implementation platform. Galaxy integrates the industry's de-facto standards in both synthesis and sign-off with state of the art physical design.  In synthesis where we have a clear market lead, our new topographical technology is having major impact. It has an uncanny ability to accurately predict and avoid downstream place and route issues. This capability, which I like to refer to as Clairvoyant synthesis, substantially reduces costly physical iterations.  Design Compiler topographical is not only consistently winning benchmarks, but customers, such as Hisilicon and Cypress Semiconductor are seeing great improvement in correlation and performance.  STMicroelectronics is adopting DC topographical in their 90 and 65 nanometer ASIC design flow for both internal design groups and external customers.  In physical design, IC Compiler is performing well. Our upgrade ramp is right on track, with more than 100 engagements, and many tape-outs and active designs all the way down to 45-nanometer. As an example, after carefully evaluating all options Renesas chose IC compiler for their production IC design flow. Our product had better quality results through multi-mode optimization, much faster turnaround time, and overall ease of use.  In sign-off, we continue to enhance our gold standard technology by integrating features, such as, low power and variation aware design. Fujitsu standardized on PrimeTime and Star-RCXT as their sign-off solution for their 65-nanometer design flows.  Meanwhile, Synopsys is the leader in advanced low power designs. Thanks to a comprehensive end-to-end solution that optimizes for powering every phase of the design flow. In Q2, Synopsys and ARM announced an IT compiler base joint flow for high performance low power applications on advance design.  Another key challenge at the most advanced technology nodes is yield. The latest consumer products are all built on the latest technology nodes. Companies are forced to quickly ramp production of hundreds of thousands or even millions of devices to satisfy channel demands.  Fortunately, we anticipated this a number of years ago, and began to assemble key technologies in both the design and the manufacturing domains. We have integrated the two domains to enhance yield at 65-nanometer and especially at 45-nanometer and below.  Today, our design for manufacturing strategy is bearing fruit with DFM revenue growing in the double digits. Our first integrated product was PrimeYield, which links data directly from the fab into the designs.  During Q2, we announced several technology advances; ease of use and performance enhancements to PrimeYield, a single user interface for physical verification PrimeYield, Mask Synthesis and TCAD, and we linked our Proteus lithography technology with our mask data prep. This linkage reduces run time by 20-30%.  During the quarter, we also announced the availability of an advanced Hercules physical verification suite. This suite supports the latest release of 65-nanometer design kits from IBM.  Now to discovery, our verification platform, which is also doing very well. A number of years ago, we made four predictions; one, verification needs would grow faster than Moore's Law; two, next generation verification and debugging had to be broader, more integrated and faster; three, support for the System Verilog language would be key; and four, smaller geometries would bring a greater need for analog and analog/mixed-signal verification.  We systematically developed our technology around these predictions. Our recent business successes with double digit growth are evidence of our vision and our momentum. In digital, the rapid migration to System Verilog supported by the raw speed advantage of our verification solution accentuates our differentiation.  Today, Synopsys is by far the leader in System Verilog Solutions. In analog/mixed-signal, we've had great technical end market progress, as well. In Q2, we introduced AMS 2007, which allows users to easily balance accuracy and performance. Past solutions were either more accurate, such as, HSPICE or faster, such as, NanoSim and HSIM. With our new technology, customers can have both. In addition, with AMS 2007, we improved the links between our analog and VCS based digital verification.  Moving now up to systems and IP. We've had good momentum as well. This adjacency is growing at about 20%. We're both participating in and benefiting from a rapidly evolving IP industry, as more and more large customers are outsourcing their IP needs.  Internally developed IP, unless it is highly differentiated, is no longer economically viable. Instead, companies, such as, Synopsys become the partners of choice, especially in standard space IP. The keys to the IP business are reused competence, quality, and long-term trust in the supplier. We do well on all three count and have spent years developing a strong portfolio. Today, we are one of the top IP companies in the world and number one in the connectivity IP with standards such as USB and PCI Express.  Over the past several quarters, our analog connectivity IP has been especially successful. In fact, we were recognized this quarter by Analog Zone, a premier source of information for design engineers as having "The Best Connectivity IP." We received this recognition for our analog mixed signal IP course for the PCI Express, SATA and XAUI standards.  Against this backdrop of excellent financial results and technology momentum, we are tuning our go-to-market approach to capture more value for what we provide. That includes expanding our products and focus to better address new markets, such as, mature technology nodes of 130-nanometer and above. Connecting better to customers by segmenting their needs, and offering them solutions optimized for those needs, and improving our communication of the value we deliver to customers.  As part of our strategy, we just introduced a new product. IC Compiler Express targeted to the more mature technology nodes. We have long been viewed as the leader for the most complex designs. We believe this new target will expand our addressable market. IC Compiler Express is currently in limited availability, and we already have our first customers.  In addition, we are refining our sales approach to demonstrate the value of our complete platforms, and get fair compensation for the critical role we play in getting chips to market on spec and on time.  To wrap up, all around us we see encouraging indicators of momentum. Synopsys won the prestigious IBM Beacon Award for "its complete EDA solution that supports and complements our advanced process technologies, and enables our clients to meet their manufacturing needs." It was the first Beacon Award ever for the IBM Samsung chartered Common Platform ecosystem.  In the first half of the year, we are seeing record attendance at our User Group Meetings across the globe. In fact, we have to move our San Jose venue to accommodate more than 1,500 engineers, a 20% increase over 2006.  Finally, our expertise in advanced designs and DFM is cementing Synopsys as the trusted advisor while semiconductor companies tackle the intricacies of migrating to 45 nanometer designs.  Summarizing Q2, it was all about strong execution. We delivered strong earnings growth and cash flow, and we are moving into the second half of the year with greater confidence in executing our plans and commitments.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian, who will provide more detail on the financials. 
Brian Beattie: Well, thank you Aart. As a reminder, I'll be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We have provided a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in the press release and financial supplement posted on our website.  Q2 was another quarter of solid execution for Synopsys with strong revenue, earnings and cash flow. More than two years ago, we committed to improving our operating margin to greater than 20% during fiscal 2007.  In Q2, we've reached that goal ahead of schedule, achieving 22% operating margin, a sequential increase of more than 400 basis points. While some of these increases are due to timing of expenses, I'm nonetheless extremely pleased with our expense discipline and our ability to meet this operating margin objective early.  Let me now provide some additional detail on our financials. As a reminder, our fiscal first quarter included an extra week that occurs every seven years; Q2 obviously did not include that extra week.  Total revenue was $293 million, up 7% year-over-year and down slightly compared to Q1 as expected due to that extra week last quarter. One customer accounted for more than 10% of our Q2 revenue.  GAAP earnings per share were $0.28 in Q2 with costs and expenses totaling $255.6 million. This included a $26.2 million amortization of intangible assets and stock-based compensation. Also included in our GAAP earnings is $12.5 million of other income related to the legal settlement with Magma.  Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.35 in Q2, above our target and more than double the same period last year. This overachievement is due to both the timing of expenses through the year and a very good expense and tax management. As a result, we are raising our annual earnings guidance.  Continuing with expenses, non-GAAP expenses were $228.6 million for the quarter, a sequential decrease of 7%. R&D was $85.3 million, sales and marketing $75 million and G&A came in at $20.3 million, all of which were down sequentially. This was mainly due to the extra fiscal week last quarter as well as normal quarterly expense fluctuations.  However, as Aart mentioned, we also had some expense savings in Q2, which we will be able to reinvest in targeted business initiatives while keeping our annual expense target unchanged at a very modest 2% to 3% growth. As a result, our non-GAAP operating margin increased to 22% in Q2.  For the full year, we now expect our operating margin to be approximately 20%, an increase of about 600 basis points over last year. As expenses fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, we expect our operating margin to dip a little in Q3 and then increase again in Q4.  The non-GAAP tax rate was 24.1% in Q2, reflecting our restructuring of international operations and resulting in an improvement to our annual tax rate for FY '07.  Turning now to bookings, 93% of Q2 product orders were booked as time based licenses with only 7% upfront. We continue to have one of the most transparent and predictable business models in software.  The average length of our renewable customer license commitments in Q2 was 2.6 years, which is within our historical range. Regionally, Asia Pacific had the strongest quarter, thanks to excellent execution from the team.  Turning now to cash. Cash and short-term investments increased $88 million sequentially to $768 million. Our operating cash flow was also $88 million in Q2, which includes $12.5 million related to the settlement with Magma.  In Q2, capital expenditures were $13 million and we repurchased 2.4 million shares of our stock for $63 million. As we announced during the quarter, our Board increased our buyback authorization to $500 million.  Our diluted share count increased slightly to 150 million shares due to a combination of higher stock price and the timing of share issuance and buybacks. Q2 net accounts receivable totaled $167 million and DSOs were 52 days, which is within our historical range. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $606 million.  At the end of Q2, we had approximately 5,100 employees, a slight drop sequentially and the third quarter in a row in a row we reduced our head count. On a year-over-year basis, our head count is flat, as we have offset acquisitions and growth in low-cost regions with reductions in some of the higher cost areas.  For the third quarter of FY '07 our targets are: revenue between $295 million and $305 million. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $268 million and $284 million, which includes approximately $16 million of stock compensation expense. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $243 million and $253 million, an increase due to timing of expenses through the year.  Other income and expense between $3 million and $6 million, a non-GAAP tax rate between 26% and 27%, outstanding shares between 146 million and 151 million, GAAP earnings of $0.13 to $0.20 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $0.28 to$0.31 per share, and we expect more than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog.  Now looking at the total year of 2007, we're raising the bottom end of our revenue range with our new target between $1.19 billion and $1.205 billion, non-GAAP expenses to be between 2% to 3% higher than FY '06, on a non-GAAP tax rate between 25% and 26%, an improvement of 6 to 7 points over last year.  Outstanding shares between 146 million and 151 million, GAAP earnings per share between $0.78 and $0.89, which includes the impact of approximately $69 million in stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.27 to $1.33. We've increased the low end of our guidance range by $0.04 and the top end by $0.02, and this of course is up from $0.77 in 2006.  Operating margin for the year of approximately 20% and over the next four quarters, we expect approximately $970 million of our beginning of quarter backlog to turn to revenue. We expect cash flow from operations to be greater than $275 million.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) First we'll go to the line of Harlan Sur with Morgan Stanley. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. Good job on the quarter. Aart, first question for you. I know you started off by providing us with an update on 65 and 45 nanometer design starts. Still pretty strong, I think it was up about 18% sequentially for 65. Can you also give us the 65-nanometer tape-outs you tracked in Q2? 
Aart de Geus: Sure. 194 tape-outs for Q2. And yeah, I think it is up quite strongly. As a matter of fact, we of course have also the data for 90 nanometer. And it tracks; it's virtually identical to 90-nanometer delayed by eight quarters. And 45 is identical again delayed by eight quarters. So far the advance nodes are moving along just fine. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Great. And the environment for your customers as you mentioned in your opening remarks as well, continues to be mixed and in some cases fairly challenging. So is the team seeing any signs of softness out there within your customer base as it relates to tool spend? 
Aart de Geus: I don't think so. I think that people are cautious because it's a turbulent sea. At the same time, its a little bit winners’ take-all type of market where you have to bet otherwise you can't play. And so the advance designs demands a lot of tools, a lot of technology, and that's of course where we are primarily in and advance designs by definition is part of the winners' crew.  In general, though, I think we'll see some up and downs for some of the customers. And we will be careful to invest especially in those people that we see as winners. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. And on the Galaxy platform, there's been, recently there have been a few very high visibility bake-offs or evals for physical implementation at 65 or below. And I think Synopsys and competitors are right now involved in a pretty big bake-off as one of the biggest founders of semi companies in the world. So question for you, Aart, is how has IC Compiler faired in some of these recent evals? 
Aart de Geus: Well, IC Compiler is doing great right now. I'm not sure which eval you're referring to, but in general we never comment on individual customers anyway. Their evals is sort of this continuing effort. And frankly there are a number of customers that sometime call an eval just finishing their chip. And more often than not, we've seen that somebody has had challenges in getting closure with a competitor and then under the guidance of an eval, they ask us. Hey. So what can you do? 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Right. 
Aart de Geus: We partially like those, partially feel that it's a little bit overusing our good will. But what is always clear though, is that the most difficult chips we can finish and we are finishing many, especially the ones where there is a combination of timing challenges and low power. And that's absolutely where our strength is. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. And quick question for you, Brian; nice job on the team for controlling expenses in Q2, but for Q3, the expenses are growing at twice the rate versus revenues. Then it does look like op margins will probably drop below 20% as you said. So maybe a little bit more color from the team in terms of, I think you mentioned investments in growth initiatives. What sort of programs are we talking about here? 
Brian Beattie: Well, I put all of that in context of good expense management through the quarter. And leading into Q3 and the rest of the year, our total year guidance as we said is with revenues growing in the range of 8.5% to 10%. We committed pretty early on to limiting the growth for all of '07 to 2% to 3%. And in fact, to highlight that point, 2% of that is due to the extra week we have in 2007, compared to last year.  So you've got to look at us holding expenses flat for the year while driving up the revenue growth of 8% to 10%. You're going to get some fluctuations from one quarter to the next, just based on timing of expenses, how they come through and their profile for the quarter. So I'd really kind of focus on the trends and the expense management to show our continued focus on the op margin improvements. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And just any color on growth initiatives maybe from either you or Aart? 
Aart de Geus: Well the growth initiatives are, well, I think the main focus for is clearly been that putting together tools in more coherent flows and platforms is absolutely starting to pay off. And so as we can illustrate to customers that by using a more complete solution from Synopsys, they cannot only significantly reduce their time to market risk, but in many situations get better results. That is a great way of moving us forward from a business perspective.  The other thing that we're doing in this tuning of our sales force to the market is to get a much better understanding of what are really the key concerns of the customers. And although very often they formulated as technical concerns, very, often it is business concerns and business direction. And that ties to my earlier comment of seeing fairly choppy waters in the semiconductor market. And the more we can be responsive to the needs of those customers as they decide where to go, the better. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. And next we'll go to the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Thank you Aart. Good afternoon, gentlemen. Aart, in your prepared remarks, you referred to a new analog mixed signal product, which I think you said combined sort of the best of HSPICE NanoSim, sort of the accuracy of HSPICE with the speed of. NanoSim. Can you go into a little more detail on that product? Is that a combination of these two products? Or is that a completely new product? 
Aart de Geus: Val it good its right you've highlighted. Because my comments were rather simplified compared to the technology on need base. What we're referring to here is what we call the XA option to a number of tools that allows them to dial up or down accuracy versus speed in a much more continuum fashion, between the HSPICE we won, which is very, very precise, to the NanoSim or HSIM, which is very, very fast.  And a number of customers have always had this wish of well, you know, I would be willing to give up a little bit on accuracy if I could just get a lot more speed. And being able to navigate that space in a continuous fashion is what this capability offers. And we have decided to offer it as an additional option to these existing products because that's the best way to get a quick return on the value that we provide. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: So, it is actually sort of both products essentially, and you have a way of sort of seamlessly switching between the two to trade off speed and accuracy? 
Aart de Geus: Yeah, it is more set of algorithm that have been implemented in those products and allow one of the products to take over a couple more capabilities of the another that’s maybe the best way of thinking about it. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Understood. And Aart, you mentioned that IC Compiler was doing well and that Galaxy was, but that segment was only up about a 1% year-over-year it looks like, which is pretty modest growth relative to the rest of your business.  Should we expect that to, you know, I thought sort of once IC Compiler got sort of going on the upgrade cycle that we might see better growth out of that. Is this just sort of a lumpy quarter? And should we expect to see that growing at a higher rate for the balance of the year? 
Aart de Geus: Well, two comments. First, you're correct about the quarter, although, if you look at the trailing 12 months, it's already pretty excess. And the other thing is if you look core EDA, which actually combines with the verification, it's about 9.5 or so percent. So the reason I'm saying that is because very often in the larger deals, the products tradeoff within a pool of technology.  And at times that makes our own general managers unhappy because who deserves the credit and it's not always completely to reveal to allocate in those polls. However, all in all, IC Compiler's are actually doing very well. And we also see that by the rate of adoption in production and the still very high degree of support. I think most of our physical support has now entirely switched from DC Ultra to IC Compiler. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Is the modest revenue growth to do with pricing? Is the pricing continuing to be quite aggressive in the digital implementation area? 
Aart de Geus: I think that pricing in any form of large deals will absolutely stay aggressive. That is precisely one of the reasons, of course, why we're investing in adjacency that leverage off of the core EDA. Although core EDA this year is doing better than it was in the last few years and largely due to the fact of having both technology, strength and implementation, IC Compiler but also synthesis and Synopsys and a very strong verification offering.  So I think that's the way to look at it is that core EDA tends to be more linked to the existing budgets of the customer migrating gradually whereas all of the adjacencies are our opportunity to sell on top of those budgets. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Okay. Just one final one, if I could. You guys nicely provide this metric of bookings turning to revenue over the next 12 months and that had been sort of going up for several quarters and it sort of flattened and actually ticked down for this quarter. Is there anything to read into that metric? 
Aart de Geus: No. As a matter of fact, the thing to understand is that as we are completely or right at the end of our move to a ratable model, you sort of get the gradual balance between the two. And secondly, I think we'll see reasonably large fluctuations quarter-to-quarter just as a function of what’s the, deals are that come in the second quarter.  Let's assume you have some very large deal. Well for the next six to eight to ten quarters after that by definition, the bookings ratio will be down. And that is just fine as long as we our run rate with these accounts. And that is really the thing that we’re focusing on. And I'm absolutely on the side that one should not pay too much attention to the bookings number, much more to how we grow the revenue over time. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Fair enough. Thank you very much. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to the line of Raj Seth with Cowen & Company. 
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Hi, thank you. I just had one quick one. Brian, you've got just under 800 million in cash. You talked about buyback being refilled this last quarter. I'm curious when you think about this business, how much cash do you need to run the business? And if you might think about, it certainly seems like have the opportunity to more aggressively buyback and still leave plenty of cash on the balance sheet given the cash generation characteristics here. How do you think about that? Cadence is obviously is a little bit more levered up? Is that something you would consider? How does the thought process work? 
Aart de Geus: Yeah, I think, we're in really good shape in terms of the cash flow. It's just a critical asset to the company and getting close to 800 million it’s an excellent credit to all of the hard work we put into it.  We're always looking at the capital structure to determine how we can best use the cash, which of course includes M&A activities, the buyback levels, which we recently increased to bring that back up to $500 million. So, it shows that we plan to be aggressive and I think the Q2 activity also reflects that we were aggressive in the second quarter spending that amount back buying back our stock.  Another part is again looking at funding the ongoing operations. Also you look at where the cash is, how much is in the U.S. and how much is internationally and balance that to the overall use of those same things. Is M&A going to be local? Is it going to be offshore? And how do we leverage up the cash assets?  So continue to look at all those, so we have been aggressive, we continue to be one of the largest in the industry in terms of using our cash flow to acquire our stock back. And of course all the operations focuses on continuing to drive good strong cash inflow to the company. We're holding our commitment at bringing in more than 275 million of cash this year. So it's really a good focus and continues to buy those assets. 
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: So, Brian, do you think you need this level of cash, obviously you're spending a lot of what you generate, but this level of cash would seem to be even despite the commentary on potential M&A etcetera, would seem to be in excess of what you need to run this business. Do you disagree? 
Brian Beattie: Well, I'd say it's a real strong position. It's way more than the minimum amount of cash you need to just get by. But again having that flexibility to invest in M&A in the right opportunities new growth initiatives inside the company, I think are an excellent asset for the to give you that level of flexibility and timing to invest when you need to. 
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Any update on the pending IRS dispute? You're not holding cash for that potential outcome are you? And when would you expect a resolution? 
Brian Beattie: Yeah, we're have had, again, as you know this takes quite a while getting addressed, but we have had some movement over this past quarter and that the appeals process began in April. And we don't believe there'll be a settlement of that during FY07, but in our initial meetings, I think both sides feel good about moving fairly quickly to a positive conclusion for everybody. So again, the cash is not related to the tax issue, we believe we're adequately provided for on that basis in any case. 
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Brian Beattie: Okay. 
Operator: Thank you. And next we'll go to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Aart, I'd like to follow-up on an initiative you mentioned at the analyst meeting in which you did again today. Let's call it run rate compiler. And could you be a little more specific as to the early results you're seeing as to the focus on run rate? And the ways you're going to be able to substantiate that is in fact occurring that you're growing the business organically as you're aiming to do? 
Aart de Geus: Well, there's only one substantiation, which is called the revenue and our job is to keep growing revenue. Actually, I would argue our job is more importantly to keep growing earnings. And so obviously the earnings can grow by both growing the revenue or improving the ops margin. Right now we're doing both.  I think the fact that we are a bit ahead on our ops margin is very positive, because it allows us to put some of that into the earnings, some into investments for future growth. Having said that, when you have a ratable business model, it's fairly complex to compute how the deals impact the long-term outlook, but I think we're well on top of that.  And quarter-by-quarter we're absolutely tracking how we are growing the run rate with individual accounts where transactions are done. And by the way, our sales this year more compensated for that than they were in previous years. And so, all of these things are heading in the right direction. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Given the comment you just made about ops margins being at least as important as revenue growth. And when you tie that into the concept of run rate, is the profitability by customer at all a meaningful or a measurable part of the business? 
Aart de Geus: I think that's an excellent question, because I think it is meaningful, it is partially measurable, and it is an opportunity for us over time to improve our operations. I don't want to give the impression that today that is something that is managed very, very precisely.  However, I think we are increasingly aware that, if we could improve the profitability by customer that that is yet another opportunity to improve our overall business operating model or to achieve other things with customers. And so, I think it's a good question for which I hope that in the next few quarters I'll have a gradually better and better answer because we're definitely looking at that. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Brian, you mentioned the duration was only 2.6 years. And you're right, that is within the range we've seen, but it is nevertheless the lowest in three years. Was there something anomalous in the quarter that resulted in it being at least somewhat lower than we've seen in the last 10-12 quarters? 
Brian Beattie: Yeah, Jay, I wouldn't read anything into any of the trends. It does fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. In particular this quarter, we had a couple of our deals had a shorter term to them than some of the other quarters than we've had. So it came in at 2.6 and anticipate for the rest of the year it gets up again. It was just based on the mix of the actual orders closed in the quarter. So 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay. 
Brian Beattie: I wouldn't read anything else into it. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Lastly, Aart, you highlighted consumer electronics a number of times. Could you talk about what your positioning is for other important or incrementally important verticals? Wireless, of course it could ties into your AMS comments. But automotive, imaging, other sorts of technology sectors where the electronics demand seem to be accelerating, as well? 
Aart de Geus: Well, sure it's interesting you mention wireless, because some people would now readily put wireless in the consumer segment, right, given that how powerful the cell phone is and how much the cell phone is becoming sort of the ultimate communication, play machine and everything.  At the same time, it is clear that in a number of other segments we are doing well, memory would be a good other example that in the past we didn't pay as much attention to, automotive has been an okay segment for us. It is not our primary focus because it tends to be very analog mixed signal centric, where we have strong simulation and some very good system tools. But it's not our center of gravity.  The type of segmentation that we prefer is segmentation that goes by very fundamental need. And the fundamental needs tend to be, needs such as very high volume, therefore, you need to make sure that the yield is there and that the chip has been absolutely minimized in area, typically there was very high volume tend to be also very advanced, and functionality, therefore, there's a lot of verification that’s there. And so our value formulation is very much in solving a set of five or six macro problems and trying to be at best there and then transcends a different traditional vertical. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Aart. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. And next we'll go to the line of Terence Whalen with Citi. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Thanks for taking my question. This question is for Brian. Brian, you mentioned that there were some quarter-to-quarter changes in expense timing? And `was hoping to get a little bit more color on that.  And then in addition, was hoping to get a little bit of a longer-term view of the opportunity for expense saving. What inning are we in, in terms of keeping expenses at only one or two points growth? Could that actually be sustained for one to two years to come? 
Brian Beattie: Good question, yeah, Terence. We're looking again really clearly at each one of our line of expenses. Both going from the first quarter to the second quarter and very significant drop that we're able to put in place and the actions in the quarter continue to be under spending relative to our plans keeping the headcount and having it come down slightly in the quarter. All of this again is focused on margins and earnings improvement as we go forward.  So while we're again proud of achieving a target we set some two years ago and increasing our margin numbers for '07 by 600 basis points, we're not stopping there. And you heard Aart say that committed to continue to drive to mid to high 20s in margin. So clearly that requires spending the growth significantly less than revenue growth. So, we're focused on that element and optimizing the resources we do have in various areas.  So, again, as you look at the drops from Q2 to Q1, primarily they're due to the extra week we also had a gain on some sale of some land, which is a few million dollars in the second quarter. And then as you look forward to Q3 and Q4, again, keeping that expense commitment in place at the 2% to 3% is what we're committed to doing. And again this is also to highlight a point that our business is stronger in 2007 than we anticipated at the beginning of the year.  So again the expense that there is higher business being completed we've also have an expense accruals to put in place for that as we go through the year plus the full-year impacts of acquisitions, foreign exchange costs, and other things, all that saying still flat year-over-year in 2007. So, again, attributed to the team for a lot of hard work in making that come through. And the trends going forward in '08 and beyond are focused on continuing to improve operating margins. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Great. And then a follow-up if I could for Aart. Aart, you mentioned IC Compiler express initial reception has been quite positive. Can you also kind of expand on whether segmentation is just for digital design? Or is that an area that could also or strategy rather that could be proliferated on into have verification, as well? Thank you. 
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, let me start right away with the second one, which is verification, absolutely can be stratified into different segments. And we see today that there are very different behaviors in different customer categories.  If you take, for example, the processor, the VSP, the graphics guys, they use an immense amount of verification, largely because their products are very complex, are going in broad distribution and are expected to be flawless.  At the same time, you look at people that are let's say in the wireless communication segment, their verification is growing rapidly, but I think there's a long way to go before they can assure the same degree of coverage of the first group that I mentioned. If you then look at the segment I mentioned earlier, which is memory, you see that there again there's a big change because traditionally memory has been very level verification.  And now the complexity of the memories is bringing about a surrounding of digital control that is great for us because not only are we very, very strong in digital, but we're also very strong in analog mix signal, meaning that the combination of digital and analog. And so each of one of those sort of talks their own language when they talk about verification. And the same is true for the vast majority of our products. I think the forays into the less advanced technologies, forays may not be the right term, spending a little bit more attention is primarily a broadening of our potential addressable market that in the past we just didn't pay all that much attention to.  And so we may, as well, leveraged all the technology that we've built by making it easier to use somewhat simplified and the right cost point for people that are maybe less demanding. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Thank you. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. And next we'll go to the line of Dennis Wassung with Canaccord Adam. 
Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adam: Thank you. Good afternoon. I guess first a quick follow-up on the operating expenses. I know you had a couple of questions on this. But, you talked about the new initiatives, released more cost are coming back into the model here. And I was just curious; I think this was asked, I didn't really catch an answer.  Do you expect to see a lot of that I guess resurgence and expense coming on the R&D line? Just a new product development efforts or specific R&D efforts or is there a sales and marketing push expansion in specific areas that we should look for, as well? Just trying to understand the dynamic there. 
Brian Beattie: Okay. Well, Aart, maybe over… 
Aart de Geus: Well, let me start in general. Just to be crystal clear, we have committed a number of years ago to keep improving the ops margin. We are continuing to do that. At the same time, we gave our self a timetable that I think we have rigorously met, and we are exceeding now. The way we're looking at that is to say, hey, there's opportunities to invest some of that in future growth. And simultaneously stay ahead of schedule.  And so I think that's good news in both, what goes to the bottom line as well as what we can invest for the future.  Now, when we look at our investment, it's absolutely clear that fundamentally have two groups that you want to invest in either R&D development or new things or fields. It's typically not the third one, which is infrastructure that you want to keep either flat or optimize more on. And so there the decision has to be whatever gives us the best chance of growing our footprint and our success rate with the customers.  And in some cases, it's clearly an R&D because it's infinite new projects possible there. But in some cases it is also go for a different approach with the customer, take over more of some of the things they do and evolve our overall solution with them. And so we have now have the luxury to look a bit at both of those things. And we'll decide on ROI evaluation basis. 
Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adam: Okay. That helps, thank you. And secondly, the DFM and yield side of the equation, you made some comments about some of your products becoming more of a common interface.  I'm just wondering if you look at your DFM group in general, it had a nice steady growth past year, I'm wondering where the strength is, if there's a specific area or is it strong across the Board? Is OPC a big driver for that? Is PrimeYield taking a bigger piece of this pie. Could you just maybe talk about what's driving that growth at this point? 
Aart de Geus: Well, fundamentally if you look at DFM, obviously it means different things, different people because they are at both the D wares and the M wares, right. And so let me start actually with the M side which is if you look at T cap, that is obviously deep inside of the manufacturing chain, be and so focused on either process development or device development or manufacturing optimization.  And so those are sort of the key areas to focus on. Then the second grouping is everything that has to do with masks. And there we have the various forms of radical enhancement technologies and of fracturing and a variety of verification things.  The third one has to do with the whole yield measure test chip etcetera area. And the fourth one, which is where really the design word comes back in, is how do you close the loop with all this information into design? And that's where PrimeYield over the years will hopefully become what PrimeTime is today in timing.  And a number of years ago, we obviously pioneered the ability to predict timing in such a fashion that you could rely on it and design towards it. We are heading in the same direction towards predicting yield and designing towards it. And so those are the centers of gravity and then from quarter-to-quarter, there's big fluctuations as to which one happens to have big deals. But it is really the aggregate picture that we're after. 
Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adam: As you look at your total suite of offerings in this area, do you feel like you have the complete picture at this point? Or is there a specific technology that you're missing? Or can I get the feel that you have an accurate and adequate offering at this point for 65 and 45 nanometers and below? 
Aart de Geus: Well, we know that we have an adequate offerings for 65 and 45, because we have a number of customers that do their entire flow with us and are doing very well with this. On the other hand, whenever you talk about emerging technologies the word complete has never applied in the 20 years that we've had Synopsys. So there's always new investments and new opportunities, although I must say I think that EDA is in a very different phase in that we have much more complete solutions today and whenever possible we like to amend them ourselves or then acquire technology that fits in, but all in all, I think we are as complete as anybody on the market today. 
Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adam: Thank you. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. We are now five minutes prior to the conclusion of our conference. So we'll take our final question from the line of Matt Petkun with D.A. Davidson & Company 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just to follow-up on Dennis's question. To be a little bit more specific. So when we look to sequential changes and expenses from Q2 to Q3, you're talking about investing in R&D. Should it be the R&D line item on a non-GAAP basis that grows more rapidly sequentially than the SG&A line item? 
Aart de Geus: Well, I think, don't overemphasize too much these changes from quarter-to-quarter. I'm sure Brian will give you a more refined answer here. But from my perspective, the only numbers that really matter is sort of the rolling 12-month averages because from one quarter to another, the way some of these things fall in one quarter or another can change radically the actual distribution.  Now having said that, clearly if we make additional investments, they tend to be in the R&D and potentially in some aspects of the field rather than anywhere else in the company. And we're very careful with making these additional commitments to be much sharper about what's the reach on an investment on each one of those. You want to add anything, Brian? 
Brian Beattie: Yes, I'd say as you look specific on the line-by-line basis that from Q2 to Q3 we'll see an increase recognizing a several million dollar gain on sale of that land that was in the G&A area. So that will be an increase from Q2 to Q3 on G&A.  From sales and marketing perspective, again, as the business continues to grow, there'll be expenses there associated with higher commission activity and higher business and that continues to go up as the business grows. But again, all in all, keeping in line with that 2% to 3% growth for the year and then the R&D as Aart said is really focused specifically on getting more development, more capacity and capability while driving efficiency through the team and obviously leveraging lower cost areas to the extent we can. And so again, that's the message on each one of the lines for the operating expense. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: Okay. And then Aart, I was hoping you could give us a bit of an update on what you are seeing in the world of system level design and ESL specifically kind of noting the fact that about a year ago that you acquired Video to do some more kind of embedded software platform development debugging.  So I am wondering kind of what's going on there? Has that market really developed and what do you expect from it going forward? 
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, we are engaged quite a number of places with Virtio and I think that's a direct reflection of the fact that increasingly people developing software would like to have some degree of modeling of the hardware before the hardware is fully developed or even built.  And so the level of interest is high and the number of engagements is high. I think it will take a little bit of time for the market to develop. But there's one other angle that one should not forget, which is the whole angle of IP as actually in my opinion the much more important ESL success factor today.  Because a lot of people have thought about ESL why don't you just create designs from a higher level? Well, the way you create designs from a higher level is start with much higher-level building blocks.  And we are absolutely seeing that that vision is materializing more and more literally quarter-by-quarter because in the whole wave of companies looking at their cost structure and by the way quite a number doing that by virtue of being investigated by private equity opportunities.  They are all coming to the conclusion that a lot of these design activities on the individual blocks have completely no return on investment for them and are not differentiated. And for those companies being able to come to us and say can you develop the basic building blocks and provide them to us is a very promising approach for them to save money and of course for us to grow our business.  And now tying this back to virtue, the reason I am enthusiastic about that is because I think that the content of software in these building blocks is growing and by the way also the verification aspect of these building blocks because verification is by far the largest consumer of EDA software period.  And so I think there are great opportunities as these things come together. And so that's the vision we're pursuing. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: Okay. Thanks so much. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. Well with that that concludes our earnings release, we really appreciate the time you spent with us. We think that we're coming off a very strong quarter and definitely feel momentum in both the technology direction and the business direction.  And so from that perspective feel that the year is in very good shape. If you have further comments or questions, as usual Brian, Lisa, and I will be available after the call. Thank you very much for spending an hour with us. 
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-02-21 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Aart de Geus - Chairman, CEO   Brian Beattie - CFO   Lisa Ewbank - VP, IR 
Analysts: Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley   Rich Valera - Needham & Company   Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch   Terence Whalen - Citigroup   Raj Seth - Cowen & Company   Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company   Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Synopsys Inc. Earnings Call for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2007. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). Today's call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, I will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Kerrie. Good afternoon everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer.  During the course of this conference call, Synopsys may make forecasts, targets and other forward-looking statements regarding the company and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance, the company's actual results and performance are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that may be projected.  In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2006 and in our first quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings release.  In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call, as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures disclosed to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, can be found in our first quarter earnings release and financial supplement. All of these items are currently available on our website at Synopsys.com.  With that I'll turn the call over to Aart de Geus. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. I am happy to report that after a very successful 2006, we continued our excellent execution with a strong first quarter of 2007. In Q1, we delivered excellent revenue and earnings growth, solid cash flow and strong business across the board. On the product side, momentum continued with technology advances, competitive wins, and customer adoptions.  Let me briefly summarize our financial highlights. Business was strong across all product lines. Revenue for the quarter was $300.2 million, a 15% increase over the same period last year. Non-GAAP expenses for the quarter came in at $247.1 million, well within our target range. We made excellent progress, on increasing our earnings power. Non-GAAP operating margin was 17.7% for the quarter, significantly strengthening our confidence in reaching our target of 20 plus percent during the second-half of the year. Non-GAAP earnings in Q1 were $0.30 per share, a 65% increase over the same period, last year.  The reason for our continued strong results stems from our clear focus in recent years. One, implementing the most predictable and transparent business model in the industry. Two, systematically growing a culture of cost management. Three, delivering important core products, around a well integrated set of platforms. And four, building strong positions in adjacent growth markets.  Starting with the operational efficiency of the company, let me highlight some specific improvements. We have streamlined many of our infrastructure operations, including outsourcing procurement and accounts payable. We have organized some of our field operations to serve our customers in a more cost effective way. We've increasingly started projects in low cost regions when appropriate, and we are systematically tuning our internal processes in search of additional cost efficiencies.  For the foreseeable future, we will keep expense growth of less than half the rate of revenue growth, to drive towards the post '07 objective of mid to high 20's operating margin. With cost control now clearly part of our culture, our focus has turned to revenue growth through technology innovation and new go-to-market strategies.  As a backdrop for our opportunities, let me give you a sense of the market environment. The semiconductor industry continues to evolve. The market feels quite solid, as consumer hunger for electronics continues unabated. Consumer demand creates many opportunities for our customers of course, but also tough technical and economic challenges. Take the latest mobile products; a phone now also contains a music player and a camera, and a video display and GPS and Wi-Fi access, all in a small package with a long battery life.  The challenges are tremendous, huge amounts of constantly increasing functionalities, top flow power requirements for mobile battery use and heat minimization, high cost sensitivity accelerated by demand in global markets and tight market windows demanding faultless product scheduling and delivery. These challenges are opportunities for Synopsys. We've always been leaders in optimizing speed, power and area, with our design and verification platforms.  Our design for manufacturing solutions, predictably and safely move designs into the complex phase of high volume manufacturing. Simultaneously, our IP and system tools, squarely attack the productivity challenges of very complex designs.  A good example of our differentiation success is Wolfson Microelectronics, a global leader in mixed-signal chips. After an extensive evaluation of competitive solution, Wolfson selected Synopsys for their high performance analog mixed-signal chip, because of our complete implementation, verification and IP Solution, which brings me to the products highlights for the quarter.  Starting with Core EDA; Galaxy, our implementation platform, had another strong quarter. The productivity benefits of an integrated platform are increasingly visible, as the three components of Galaxy, synthesis, physical design, and sign-off, melt seamlessly in to the highest performing digital design flow.  Nowhere is this more tangible, than with the number one design problem, low power. Synopsys today delivers the most complete solution on the market and our service and support chains are highly qualified to assist customers in advanced low power designs. As an example, Cypress Semiconductor used our complete integrated Galaxy Low Power Solution to tape-out the complex 3G/3.5G mobile phone chip.  One reason for our strong results is our continued commitment to technical innovation. In Design Compiler Ultra, for example, we have the industry's only topographical synthesis technology. It lets our synthesizer predict what the downstream physical design will look like, thus eliminating many costly design iterations.  As an example, FP has deployed DC Ultra in its 90 and 65 nanometer ASIC design flow, to speed up the design cycle for both its internal design groups and for external customers.  In Q1, DC Ultra won literally all benchmarks, resulting in multiple competitive displacements.  In physical design, IC Compiler had another excellent quarter as well. The product ramp is right on-track with evaluation, tape-out and production adoptions all increasing. Designers continued to report 40% to 50% faster time-to-result and 8% to 10% better quality of results. These statistics are compelling customers to choose Synopsys for physical design.  For example, after a detailed competitive review, Silicon Optix selected IC Compiler for its 90 nanometer video processor design. Progate, one of the largest design service providers in Taiwan used IC compilers to tape-out an advanced mobile communications chip ahead of schedule.  Let me now move to Discovery, our analog and digital verification platform, which also did very well. As we've highlighted for the past year, the demand for verification is exploding, as massive chip complexity requires faster and more comprehensive bug finding. We foresaw and in fact led the movement towards a speedier verification language, System Verilog. Simultaneously, we invested in a much faster verification solution, VCS, our core digital simulator.  We're now seeing the return on these investments, as VCS is driving excellent business for us. Renesas is a good example. It's one of the largest semiconductor companies in the world, focused on mobile, automotive and audio/visual markets. Renesas adopted VCS for its next generation of advanced chips, in networking, peripheral and consumer applications.  Demand for analog mixed-signal verification also continues to grow. Here too, we are innovating and Synopsys remains the clear choice for superior performance and productivity. As a result, we delivered another very strong quarter for analog mixed-signal verification.  Turning now to our high-growth adjacency, let's look first at design for manufacturing. The physics of smaller geometries, especially, in 65 and 45 nanometers are causing unavoidable problems. To guarantee good yield and thus good profitability for advanced products, DFM is now mandatory. Our investments in the recent years have put us in leadership position. We've grown strong positions on both the design and the manufacturing side and are now systematically linking the two.  We are the only company with true end-to-end visibility. We're deeply engaged with the design community, with the mask shops, the process development teams and with the fabs doing the manufacturing. By bringing data from the fab up into the design process, we can anticipate and mitigate potential manufacturing issues, during design, and thus improve the resulting yield.  On the design side of DFM, our new franchise sign-off solution, successfully modeled variability and manufacturing. We're now seeing the first real chips using a variation-aware PrimeTime VX.  PrimeYield, our integrated design-to-manufacturing solution, is moving through its maturation process and its connection to IC Compiler is driving business for both. For example, a large Japanese semiconductor company adopted PrimeYield for 65 nanometer, driven in large part by its link to IC Compiler.  On the manufacturing side, there's good progress as well. Customer reaction to our new process-aware DFM Solutions, has been excellent and our TCAD continues to perform very well. We displaced a competitor at a major foundry in China, as we consolidated their TCAD business on Synopsys.  On the lithography side, we won a key competitive benchmark on the 65 nanometer design due to better accuracy and speed. We're also seeing success with our new advanced 3D lithography simulation tools; in one case, displacing the competition at a large wireless chip supplier.  Moving up to our other adjacency system level design, our investments in IP are bearing fruit.  Today, Synopsys is the clear leader in analog and digital connectivity IP. Our products span all the key standards such as USB, wireless USB, PCI Express and others.  For our customers, make or buy decisions for IP are increasingly contemplated, as a time-to-market benefit, as well as the risk and cost advantages are more and more evident. Selection of an IP partner is based mainly on the performance and the quality of the available IP. Our years of systematic investments in very high quality IP, are now really paying off. Our analog USB cores for example, are in more than 200 million chips, primarily in consumer electronics.  Let me now turn to our key objectives going forward. One, we are continuing our strong operational cost management. Two, we are increasing our focus on technology innovation. And three, we are reenergizing our go-to-market approach with a clear objective of revenue growth.  Towards this end, we made substantial organizational changes last year, which we completed in Q1 with the appointment of Wolfgang Fichtner, as head of the Silicon Engineering Group. We now have five energized business groups with strong leaders, including a new analog mixed-signal business unit. We have centralized all marketing functions. We have combined the design services and support, and we have new sales leadership in place with a strong commitment to driving growth. Again, the uniquely high visibility business outlook and with renewed vitality in our team, our objectives for this year is to completely revisit our go-to-market strategy.  Clearly, we and the rest of the EDA industry are delivering essential value to our customers. With fresh thinking ranging from better advocacy to creative segmentation and packaging to innovative product development, our goal overtime is to increase the return that we get for the value we deliver. We look forward to sharing with you some details on our progress at our Investor Day in late March.  In conclusion, Q1 started 2007 with great execution. We delivered strong financial results in terms of revenue, earnings growth, solid cash flow and very good business across the board. We're seeing excellent technology in product momentum and we're making progress on our new initiatives to drive increased value.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian, who will provide for detail on the financials. 
Brian Beattie: Well, thanks Aart. As a reminder, I'll be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We provided a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results in the press release and financial supplement posted on our website. Q1 was another strong quarter for Synopsys. We continued to execute well against our financial targets and expand our earnings power. Revenue increased 15% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin, rose almost 300 basis points sequentially to 17.7%. And earnings per share were $0.30, an increase of 65% over last year.  Now let me provide some additional details. As a reminder Q1 included an extra fiscal week that occurs every seven years. Total revenue was $300.2 million, up 6% sequentially and up 15% year-over-year. Compared to last year, core EDA, which composed of Galaxy Design and Discovery Verification, grew more than 12%. Our high growth adjacencies, DFM and IP, grew 27% and 39% respectively. Professional Services grew 8%. One customer accounted for more than 10% of our Q1 revenue. GAAP earnings per share were $0.16 in Q1 with costs and expenses totaling $280 million. This included $30 million of amortization of intangible assets and stock-based compensation.  Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.30 in Q1 above our targets due to strong execution and the lower than expected tax rate. Non-GAAP expenses were $247.1 million, an expected increase, due mainly to the extra fiscal week. Excluding this extra week, our expenses would have been lower than Q4, of 2006. Non-GAAP operating margin increased 17.7% in Q1 and we're well on track to reaching 20% plus in the second half of this year.  The non-GAAP tax rate was 23% in Q1, eight percentage points lower than last quarter. Now about half of the draft was from optimizing our international operations and the remainder was due to a one time R&D tax credit. As a result, we are able to lower our annual tax-rate guidance as well.  We continue to have one of the most transparent and predictable business models in software. With 95% of Q1 product orders booked as time-based licenses and 5% booked as upfront. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments remained healthy at approximately three years.  Turning now to cash. Our operating cash flow was $56 million in Q1. Capital expenditures were $12 million in the quarter. Our cash and short-term investments increased $107 million sequentially to $680 million. This increase was driven by increased option exercises and in annual payment made by one large customer.  In Q1, we purchased 700,000 shares of our stock for $18 million and have approximately $219 million left on our authorization. Our diluted share count increased 6 million shares during Q1, primarily as a result of a higher stock price. Q1 net accounts receivable totaled $141 million and DSO's were 46 days well within our historical range.  Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $584 million and expected increase to the large annual payment that I just mentioned. And as we've seen in the last several years, we expect deferred revenues to decline through the year and this payment rolls in the revenue.  At the end of Q1, we had approximately 5,100 employees a slight drop sequentially. In a second quarter in a row we reduced our headcount, as we continue to tightly manage our resources. From a broader perspective we continue to drive cost control initiatives throughout the company.  As we mentioned last quarter we have outsourced our entire procure-to-pay function and off shored a number of IT functions as well. We have also begun studying virtually all of our policies, everything from travel to cell phones to consulting fees, all designs control expenses and you will have to reallocate those resources to drive our new growth initiatives.  Now for the guidance. For the second quarter of FY '07 our targets are revenue between $285 million and $295 million. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $255 million and $276 million, which includes approximately $16 million of stock compensation expense. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $230 million and $245 million. Other income and expense items between 0 and $5 million. A non-GAAP tax rate between 27% and 28%. Outstanding shares are expected to be between $145 million and $151 million. GAAP earnings of $0.11 to $0.17 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $0.26 to $0.29 per share.  We expect more than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog. For fiscal 2007, we're raising a bottom end of our revenue range with our new target between $1.185 billion and $1.205 billion. A non-GAAP tax rate between 26% and 27% an improvement of 200 basic points from our previous guidance due to the R&D tax credits we mentioned earlier. Outstanding shares between $145 million and $151 million. GAAP earnings per share between $0.64 and $0.77, which includes the impact of approximately $70 million of stock based compensation expense. We are increasing our non-GAAP earnings per share range by $0.03 with the new target of between $1.23 and $1.31.  We continue to expect to hold our non-GAAP expenses down to just a slight increase in FY ’07. Over the next four quarters we expect approximately $980 million of our beginning of quarter backlog to turn to revenues. We expect cash flow from operations to be greater than $275 million. In summary we continue to execute well in Q1. With strong results I am looking forward to the rest of the year. And with that I will turn it over to the operator for questions. 
Operator: Thank you, (Operator Instructions). And first we will go to the line of Harlan Sur of Morgan Stanley. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. Good job on the quarter, Aart despite a mixed environment for many of your customers I think the move to 65 nanometers appears to be in full force. And with many of these customers having a step up to R&D spend fairly significantly. First, can you just maybe update us on the number of 65 nanometer design starts and tape-outs you are track in the first quarter. And then secondly as it relates to the step up in the R&D spend I am seeing with your customers I am just wondering how much of that is related to EDA product spend in your view versus just larger design teams, higher mask tooling costs, etcetera? 
Aart de Geus: Sure, first of all regarding the design tape-outs we continue to track those and so for 65, you are absolutely right. The numbers are growing now quite rapidly, we are tracking 373 active designs and 151 tape-outs so far. And by the way, we're seeing pretty rapid growth from 45 nanometers as well, with 47 active designs and several tape-outs. And so that's moving along just fine. You may have noticed also that a number of semiconductor vendors are literally looking at how to reallocate their R&D spending, because as some of them have decided to the more fab light, it's undoubtedly because they're now looking at differentiating more on the design side. And so I would not be surprised if we saw gradually the EDA portion grow, because after all EDA is what allows you to differentiate on the design side. My guess is that the entire EDA industry is already feeling some of that. We certainly did very well, based on being close to the leading-edge design. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: So Aart, sounds right, so you said 373 cumulative design starts? 
Aart de Geus: Yeah. Active designs. We track all the active designs that go to -- 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: That's a big jump up from the previous quarter. I think a 30% jump up. 
Aart de Geus: 32% actually. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Yeah. Okay. So activity is pretty robust, it seems like. 
Aart de Geus: Yes, it is. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: My next question is, as the industry moves more towards the fabless business model, what is the longer term impact as it relates to your DFM business. The manufacturing base is clearly shrinking. I'm just wondering, does it have a positive, neutral or negative impact as it relates to the DFM opportunity in your view? 
Aart de Geus: Well clearly, it's the realization that developing new technology is not an easy thing. And that will bring about more utilization of the DFM tools, especially at an age where the DFM simulation capabilities are now some of the economically rivaling well, what it would cost to go through experimentation. But in other words, anytime that you can take a process or a device and simulate it, rather than test and build it, you can save a lot of money. So that's good for us.  Secondly, I do think that we will see gradually a consolidation around certain number of centers of excellence that we already work with. But many of our customers are going to rely more and more on us to help them have a safe bridge into manufacturing, so to speak. But in other words, where we provide the mechanisms and the data coming from manufacturing that allows them to, if not predict, at a minimum, optimize the yield. And so in that sense I think we're very well anchored at that place. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great Aart, thanks. And then one last question for you, Brian. I know that the team was still working on a few deals exiting Q4, so I guess did you close those deals and did you get the economics you were looking for in the first quarter? 
Brian Beattie: Yeah, we did. There were a number of deals that were on the table at the end of the quarter. And those closed the first quarter or so in good shape. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Great, all right. Thank you very much. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. And next we'll go to the line of Rich Valera of Needham & Company. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Thank you, good afternoon. Aart, I was just wondering if you could talk about the competitive dynamics in the fast SPICE simulation market. I am sure you know Magma has a new product in that area. And it's an area that you're very strong in, through a couple of different product areas. Can you just talk about how you see that market in general and how significant it is, and if there is any change in the competitive landscape there? 
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, I think in general, verification has clearly grown more rapidly in terms of need, as anything else because it follows a sharper curve than Moore's Law. And that applies certainly also to the analog, and analog mixed-signal arena. I don't think that I've ever heard of Magma having anything in that area. I knew they had purchased something, I believe, but the main competitors really, are clearly Cadence and Mentor for us. But in verification, we do very, very well. And we see a broad set of applications ranging from the very high definition accuracy spikes, that solution all the way to the very fast spikes, all of those have been growing well for us. And our areas that we continue to invest in from an innovation point of view, so I would say that's an area to stay tuned on. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: All right, and then just with respect to Galaxy, it had been pretty modest growth in the last couple of quarters of last year and it looks like you saw some decent year-over-year growth this quarter. Is that what you would expect of for the balance of the year you expect to see Galaxy continue to grow at a pretty decent clip as you get that IC Compiler rolling out over the course of the year? 
Aart de Geus: Yes. We had said all along that IC Compiler had been doing pretty well. It takes time until you see that in the numbers when you have a multiyear business model. And of course at times it competes a little bit directly with our verification that often is bought at the same time that customers buy all of our core EDA tools. But IC Compiler having done very well, it will help Galaxy and I believe you're starting to see that through the numbers this year already higher than certainly last year. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Brian, how should we think about the longer term tax rate? Should we think about it more like your second quarter guided tax rate than your full-year tax rate here because you have hit that one-time R&D? 
Brian Beattie: Yeah, that's right. Clearly the impact of the first quarter does translate the benefits for our full-year tax rate and that's what we've factored into our guidance. I think on an ongoing basis, we say that 27% to 28% for the second quarter is appropriate for us. And it should stay in that range over the next three years. Something in the next, the high 20s, let's say, is the range that we're going to be aiming at. That's really there as a result of the work we did in restructuring some of our international operations and also getting this R&D tax credit approved by the government at the end of 2006, I think was November. So that has allowed us to capture that impact for all of '06 and get factored into the Q1 numbers. So the overall year it's pretty significant improvement from that 32% that we saw effectively in place for all of 2006. So now it's a 4% or 5% improvement ongoing. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great, one more just quick one if I could. With respect to the share count, you saw the big jump this quarter as the stock moved up. Assuming the stock was level let's say for the next quarter, would you expect to be in there buying shares and maybe bring that share count down a bit again back towards the mid 140s level? 
Brian Beattie: Yeah. Rich, as I mentioned, the impact this quarter really was primarily related to the price. So therefore with our treasury stock method, we have more shares that we have more options that we count in that fully diluted basis. So going forward again, we are very committed to a buyback program. We've been very active with our buyback over the past few years, very high percentage of our cash flow being dedicated to that. So we're still committed to buybacks. Again we'll do what we can to minimize those shares outstanding and provide those return to shareholder that we expect. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And next we'll go to the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Merrill lynch. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, good afternoon. Aart, could you elaborate on what you mean by fresh thinking about the go-to-market model and your focus on revenue growth? I guess the multipart question is. What do you think your organic growth can or should be? As backdrop, you've probably seen that we've calculated for the top three vendors in the group, Synopsys from 2000 to 2006 appears to have had the slowest compound average growth in book-ins in the low single digits. Your next 12-month revenue backlog was flat sequentially at 980, and according to your 10-K, your largest customer modestly reduced its spending with you, 2006 versus 2005. Maybe that's anomaly, given how big they are. I guess the point is, what, what kind of an uplift you think you can or should achieve given the last six years or so of average history? 
Aart de Geus: Well, commenting on your editorial. Clearly, the objective for us is to take advantage of the, the positive news we see out of all of our technology investments. For the last four or five years we've made many changes to the Company. Obviously, the most profound one is the business model from the financial side, but from a technology point of view, we have not only invested in complete platforms and new tools within it, that I think are doing quite well right now. We've also broadened our position to adjacent markets. Much of that has been investment very much from the technology side. And we've realized that the value that we provide to many of our customers is quite substantial. And so that begs the question, can we do better in how we roll out these technologies going forward? And we have dedicated this year to try to reanalyze how do we do business? How can we be better at getting return for that? Now, in many of the areas that we have invested in, actually or business is up. And at the end of the day, the only metric of success is the revenue. And for this year, I think, so far we've done certainly very well and last year we did quite well. So I expect that we will be able to continue on that track. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Brian, could you comment on your book to bill in the quarter? Was it above one or below one? 
Brian Beattie: Yes. We're not commenting on specifically in the quarter. It was a good quarter. We're very happy with the performance and the way that came through. Also, to clarify on your point of the next four quarters, we said we had $980 million of revenue already booked for the quarter. That also, as you must know, excludes that extra week we had in the first quarter, right. So, the number is the same but you really have an extra week in the first number, so the 980 does really represent a nice increase over the next four quarters, about 8% there. The other thing, again, keeping in mind our book to bill for 2007, we've already indicated that that will be a positive number and, therefore, you can see that the bookings are expected to be pretty strong with a nice growth on a year-over-year basis. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: And then lastly, over the years, you've made obviously a number of acquisitions besides Avanti, Numerical and Silicon, what was left of Monterey and so forth, Vertio, any way you could describe the of return you think you've gotten in the aggregate, Aart, from all those various investments in terms of returns, market share, revenue, et cetera? 
Aart de Geus: Sure, absolutely. I think many of these acquisitions made it possible for us to build strong positions in adjacent markets. And probably the best example of that is actually the DFM arena, because that's an area that has grown very rapidly, is very complex. And I think, today we have by far the most complete solution there in terms of touching all of the pieces and now having the opportunity to close the loop there. And of course on one hand, we want to maximally invest internally. At the same time, sometimes new technologies do emerge at other places and we're certainly not hesitant to use M&A as appropriate. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Aart. Thanks, Brian. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. And next we'll go to Terence Whalen of Citigroup. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Great. Thanks for taking my question. My question relates to; in December, we had a meeting, introducing new heads of sales in marketing. In that meeting you mentioned that you would take more of a portfolio oriented approach in managing product development. And I just wanted to know if there were any preliminary conclusions in doing that product portfolio analysis? And I have a follow-up? 
Aart de Geus: Yes in many ways this also attaches a little bit to Jay's question of the whole go-to market approach. I think we're becoming increasingly sensitized that by looking at our own product portfolio, there are probably many ways to package and price things better. Roll them out more appropriately for certain segments that have specific needs. And potentially expand a little bit more away from not doing only the top ends, which we catered to very, very well, but gradually also to a little bit more of what some people would call the mainstream. So, all of these things are in fairly rapid evolution. It's a little bit one of those, once you put your attention to it, you learn more every time you look more. And in that sense, it feels like we're really changing the company.  I do think that it will take this year to become much more proficient on that, but it's a good time, because it's a time where the entire EDA industry has an opportunity to almost become more conscious of the value that it provides. And so that's a good time to rethink. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Thanks, Aart. And then I have a follow-up for Brian. Brian, you made some nice progress on the operating margin side this year. Clearly, the 20% for fiscal '07 for the second half looks very achievable. I was hoping a comment, looking beyond that, you have a goal of above 25% mid-to-high 20s. Is that goal for fiscal '08 specifically, or is it simply beyond fiscal '07? Thank you. 
Brian Beattie: Yeah, you are welcome Terence. It is a target for us, which is our next target. So as you recall, we've set the greater than 20% earlier and we're on track for that as we mention in '07. And then for the targets for our next area, we'll be in the mid-to-high 20s that we set. So specifically, it's not 2008 targeted, something that's beyond '07, that's what the whole company is focused on driving for. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And next we'll go to the line of Raj Seth of Cowen & Company. 
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Hi, thanks, just a couple of quick ones. Aart, you've talked a lot about value, getting better value for products, etcetera. You seem to want to avoid the word price. I'm just curious if, do you feel like you're getting better pricing. Is pricing improving in this industry? 
Aart de Geus: Yes, I think there's always price pressure because of course there is competition and they provide a lot of value as well. Maybe the reason that I like to emphasize the word value more than price is that if you only talk about price, you end up very quickly within a stuck budget, where the customer has one primary objective, which is lower is better. Whereas, if you talk about value, you can start thinking about what are all the things that we do that really increase the differentiation, could reduce their costs downstream, for example, could reduce their costs sideways in other groups, etcetera. And I'm just surprised myself that as we start to do this more and more, how little we've done of it in the past. And partially maybe it's because we're coming out of a long period of time, literally, multiple decades where just, faster tools, or slightly better tools was always the right next step. And I think right now, we should take a more economic look at how our customers can do well. And if we can engage with them on that basis, our opportunity, our tam, clearly can increase. 
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: A couple others if I might. You mentioned strength in 65 nanometer starts and tape-outs and then 45 was beginning. In general, is the infrastructure there for most of your customers to do design at 45 or is that another wave of investment that starts? And if so, when does that start for the mainstream? 
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, clearly, for most people, 45 nanometer is one bridge too far. And today, many people are just getting into 65. The fact that there's so many designs, means that those that really need it, and they tend to be people doing very advanced chips and chips that are very high volume. They have really race car driving designers. So, with the [rest] it follows a little later. So, 65 is really now the wave that is moving into production, I would say. 45 from my perspective is at least another 18 months out before you see broad production. But you can never generalize from the total to an individual customer, because some people really are trying to differentiate. And by the way, we're already engaged and working with a number of people at 32 nanometer. So there's a spread among the customers. But I would say the move from 90 to 65 is really where the bulk of the action is today. 
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: And so, if tape-outs start 18 months from now, you used a different word than tape-outs. But at 45 does that imply, given design cycles of around a year that within six, nine months, people need to begin to put in the capability to do design at 45, and that drives a little bit of a cycle in EDA or am I reading that wrong? 
Aart de Geus: No, you're reading it right. What it means is that the people that will need it first already started about 6 months ago. And so we're already well involved with many, many libraries, with many, many design rules for 45 nanometer for quite a while. I think at the same time for those people that are aiming towards, let's say production in 18 months, they are really starting to become serious about it. I would say this summer and fall. And so you see, again, this spread out the most advanced people being always the ones that will also invest first in some of the technology-specific needs. 
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Right. Last one for Brian. Brian, you've talked a little bit about buybacks, etcetera. How do you think about the appropriate capital structure for a company like this? Now that margins are getting back to where they've been, you're starting to gush cash. How much cash do you need to run a business like this? It doesn't seem like you'd need $600 million. 
Brian Beattie: Yes, we continue to look at that and try to optimize our capital structure. It is very, very strong balance sheet right now, with no debt, with a very strong position on cash flows being generated. So we're in a very good position. I'd highlight as well, though, as I said, if you looked on a percentage of cash flow generated, we are one of the highest companies in the area related to the amount of buyback we do as a ratio to that amount of operating cash flow we generate. So we are already up there. And as you know, we bought $200 million worth of stock last year and that was over 10 million shares, which is more than twice the amount that we issued through the programs of option grants or stock units and so on. So that has been our approach over the last year and we continue to focus in on that. But, we're going to continue to look at all the different opportunities for us and positive use of that cash, whether it's for investments in our operations, our buyback is really strong, or whether that required for M&A, all of it again focused on how we can support the growth for the Company. 
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Would you ever consider taking on some debt and buying back a lot of stock? Cadence has got, obviously a different structure here, where net cash is lower, and it seems to be a trend in a lot of companies, especially those that have cash generation profiles like yours. Is that something you'd ever consider, even more aggressive buybacks and maybe taking on some debt to do that, or no? 
Brian Beattie: We, of course, are approached by a lot of people with the offering. There's a lot of capabilities available to do that. And all of those are at our use, and our discretion, if and when we decide to use it. So I think we're in pretty good shape. We'll continue to valuate those best uses of our cash. 
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Thanks, appreciate it. 
Brian Beattie: All right. 
Operator: Thank you. And next we'll go to the line of Matt Petkun of D.A. Davidson & Company. Please go ahead. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: Hi there, Aart. Just as a follow-on to your conversation with Raj, about the transition to 45 and what you're seeing at 65, would it be fair to say, our is it perhaps too soon to say that the transition from 65 to 45 should be a little bit easier than the transition from 90 to 65 has been? 
Aart de Geus: I don't think so. I think that the transition from 90 to 65, although challenging, went reasonably well, and as a matter of fact, we've even seen some customers go straight from 130 to 65 because they really like what they heard about 65. I think 45 is a different kettle of fish. I think, now we're talking about the geometries that have a lot of physical side effects that have high degree of valuability, and it remains to be seen exactly what the power issues are going to be. You may have heard that there's been some interesting new announcements around new materials to reduce leakage. But these announcements on top of what is already a very big leakage problem. And so, I think that 45 will be quite challenging. But the good news is now we have already taped out the chips so, as usual, so far, we're the enabler to Moore's Law. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: Okay. And then, of on your earlier comments, and another caller asked about the payback that you've been getting in M&A. How successful do you think the M&A in your IP business has been in terms of return on investment? And we've seen a little bit of a flatline in that line item over the last couple of quarters. Should we expect more M&A to fuel future growth in that business? Do you need to achieve more critical mass? Or do you feel pretty comfortable where you are in that business? 
Aart de Geus: So, I think that our IP strategy actually has been very successful including a number of small acquisitions that we have done there. Because we've been able to systematically bring these acquisitions up in terms of the quality. Most of these companies that sell IP fail all on the same thing, which is they sell very cheap something that's of poor quality and the customer pays a momentous price afterwards. We have really changed that. So today, we've been able to build the second largest IP business behind ARM, which is of course very specialized on processor cores. And I think that this position will be very valuable to keep growing with. As a matter of fact, over a longer period of time, we actually have seen our IP grow quite well. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: How successful do you think, I know ARMs a partner but, how successful do you think they've been with their physical library? 
Aart de Geus: Well, it added an angle to their business that was really beyond what the processors had done. They've been able to focus on a few areas, especially by the way, working with Synopsys on low power, specifically, that have been quite interesting. It's not for me to comment, really, on their sub-businesses, overall ARM is very strong partner of Synopsys and the company that we certainly admire for what they've been able to do overall. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: Okay. And then last question, Brian, just of looking at your guidance for next quarter, it implies of at the midpoint a flattish operating margin. Maybe a little bit down but relatively flattish. I'm wondering, which line items you might expect to see a reduction in expenses in? Should we see R&D flattish or down on an absolute basis, or is there going to be more leverage in sales and marketing? 
Brian Beattie: I'd characterize when you take all the elements of our Q2 guidance into alignment that you've got to recognize that there's one week less of revenues, one week less of expenses. And as a result, you might see a little bit of downward pressure from Q1 just associated with that extra week in the accounting process. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: You don't get a week less of revenue? 
Brian Beattie: You do, yes. A week less revenue and a week less of expenses than the first quarter. So, considering revenues are greater than expenses that generally translates into a little bit lower guidance that we provided for Q2. We're seeing 26 to 29 compared to the 30 that we did in the first quarter. That's only related to the week. If you really look at the expenses, and get into the details of it, taking into that account, the mid point of our expense range is quite a bit lower than the first quarter. So, therefore, you see the impact of all these programs that we're talking about relative to getting that cost down and keeping the expenses tight. And continuing on track to be greater than 20% operating margin in the second half of this year. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Brian Beattie: Okay. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And next we'll go to the line of Mahesh Sanganeria of RBC Capital Market. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Just to follow up on that operating margin question. Sir, would you be able to get 20% operating margin by keeping the expenses flat for to second half or do you have to cut the costs to get to the 20% operating margin or better than 20%? 
Brian Beattie: Yes, I'd say again, our impact on spending in 2007, we're holding everything to a very slight increase compared to 2006. And that's even with this extra week if you want to be picky as an extra 2% of spending on a year-over-year basis. So we're keeping it very tight year-to-year. And of course then when you combine that with the revenue growth that we provided for guidance, obviously, drive revenue up, drive costs down, all of it drives it's greater than 20% margin very significant impact on a year-over-year basis. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: And then the question for Aart, in your IP strategy, are you considering any to enter into the new market in the connectivity arena like HDMI for the consumer product? Is that something we should look to? 
Aart de Geus: We are always looking at all of the new markets as they appear. And it's invariably slightly tricky question to know exactly when to jump and when not. Because, on one hand you want a standard to be sufficiently standard so that we can actually sell many copies. On the other hand, you want to be early enough to be the chosen one that can really grow the position first. And so, I think at this point of time we have a pretty well honed engine of continually looking at a portfolio of IP that we have plus the portfolio of potential IP, and then invest just in time, so to speak, to make sure that we have very high quality IP. And that is really the most important consideration. And so as an example of that, last year we diagnosed that there was a high likelihood that wireless USB was going to be important, and yes, indeed, I think it's starting to now really appear and the interest is growing, and we're employees with both the digital analog side with a high quality solution. So that's how we go about it. So absolutely portfolio approach. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: But can you give me some more insight into how do you think about HDMI, because it's so widely adopted and it's pretty much of that in any consumer applications. So, is that something you think you will enter soon? Any color you can provide, that would be helpful? 
Aart de Geus: This is one of those situations where I wish you ask me a question on synthesis because I'm a lot more confident on that than our IP direction. For more detailed questions on some of those IP maybe we can connect you with the people working on it. I don't think that we have any announcements on HDMI at this point in time, but I concur with you that the whole, the whole video area is of very high interest going forward. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: So, let me ask, give it a try on the synthesis side. Not a technical question. Just, how are you using your market share in synthesis to win verification market? Is that something, are you able to put some hooks into your synthesis platform, that enables your verification platform, or that motivates the customer to choose your verification platform as opposed to your competitions platform? 
Aart de Geus: Well, let me give you a good example. We have been certainly one of the key leaders in bringing about System Verilog on the market. And we have to realize more and more that, as much as one can have a great solution around the language or so, unless one has a complete solution, the customers really even more stock, like introducing a great new car and the only thing that is still missing are the tires. You still have nothing to drive in. And this is true throughout EDA, meaning that, if you want to drive a leading solution, you need to be able to go through all of the tools. And so System Verilog was a good example where the initial need came absolutely from the verification side. But customers were somewhat reluctant until it was also really good synthesis, really good form of verification for it, et cetera. Of course we have that today. And I think that is a good example where the sideway leverage is very much by providing a really reliable and complete solution. Power is a good other example of that. The unified power format is now well entrenched, and these are the type of thing that really bring all the tools together, in many cases also from multiple vendors. And we certainly are very much driving open standards around these things. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow-up from the line of Terence Whalen of Citigroup. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Thanks, I have two quick product related questions. The first, there's a competitive offering to PrimeTime out in the market now, and was wondering if you had seen that at all competitively, and if you would like to comment on what you're seeing there? 
Aart de Geus: Well there have always been many timing verifiers, and many different tools use different things. At the same time, at the end of the day, there's a gold standard against which you make sure that your chip actually will work. And so, in technology just as in everything else, it's all about trust, and so PrimeTime is clearly the tool that is trusted to verify the timing of the chips. And by the way, PrimeTime itself is evolving continually at a very, very rapid pace, where today already we have variation aware capabilities in it, for example. So, from that perspective, I don't think things have changed much in the last decade. There will continually be other products seeking to do the same, and our objective and job is to make sure that we have the best product. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Great. And then a quick follow-up, Aart, to your comment on the common power format. I think a competitor of yours surprised people by rather quickly integrating their CPS into their digital design, is common power format actually integrated into your digital tools now, and what's a timeline that we can expect for that? 
Aart de Geus: We're actually talking about unified power formats, and there are many tools that are being aligned on that including many tools outside of Synopsys. This is a much broader industry coalition that is working in that direction, which is necessary. Because one should not underestimate the amount of work that people have to do that put together libraries, for example. And one should not underestimate the necessity to have a vary degree of accuracy and be able to measure things. So from that perspective, the success of all of these things, and this is not any different than library formats many years ago or language standards, such as system analog, they are often predicated on the success of many people to work really well together. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Thank you. 
Aart de Geus: You're welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. And we have no further questions at this time. Speakers, I'll turn it back to you. 
Aart de Geus: In that case, we appreciate your time spent with us. We think that we just concluded a very strong quarter and that we are well set for this year. As usual, Brian and team are available for questions after the earnings call. And we hope you have a good rest of the day, bye-bye. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q4  (2006-11-29 20:45:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - VP, IR Aart de Geus - Chairman, CEO Brian Beattie - CFO 
Analysts: Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Markets  Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.  Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley  Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams  Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson  Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch  Vashal Soluwa – Soleil Sterling Auty - JP Morgan
Operator: Welcome to the Synopsys Inc. earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2006. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: During the course of this conference call, we may discuss forecasts, targets and make other forward-looking statements regarding Synopsys and its financial results. While these statements represent our best current estimates of our future results and performance, the company's actual results and performance are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that may be projected.  In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the third quarter and in our fourth quarter 2006 earnings release. In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call, as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, can be found in our fourth quarter earnings release and financial supplement. Our earnings release, financial supplement and quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the third quarter are all currently available on our website at Synopsys.com.  With us today we have Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO; and Brian Beattie, CFO. With that, I'll turn the call over to Aart.
 Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. Today’s call comes at a good time for Synopsys. We not only had a strong quarter and a very successful year, but we are also eager to share our expectations for top and bottom line growth with you, and how we are moving the company to the next level. Q4 fiscal 2006 was excellent for Synopsys. We delivered strong revenue and earnings growth, solid cash flow and overall business results that were notably above plan.  On the product side, our technology initiatives are clearly improved with accelerating momentum in customer adoptions and strong new product rollouts. Let me briefly summarize our financial highlights.  Revenue for the year grew 10.4% to approximately $1.1 billion. Q4 revenues were $283 million, an 11% increase over last year. We continued to manage expenses very well. Overall non-GAAP expenses for the year grew just 2% as we offset acquisitions and compensation increases with targeted cost reductions.  For the quarter, we came in at $242 million, at the low end of our target range. Non-GAAP operating margin was 14.1% for the year and 14.5% for the quarter. Both were nearly double the same period last year and higher than beginning of year guidance, even after factoring in several acquisitions.  Non-GAAP earnings were $0.77 per share for the year and $0.21 for the quarter; again, nearly double the same period last year. During the year, backlog grew to an industry high $2 billion which provides unprecedented stability and visibility. Looking forward, we plan to pass the 20% operating margin mark during the second half of fiscal '07. Beyond '07, in the next several years, we will drive to a mid to high 20s target as the next milestone.  Before I describe our strategy to achieve these objectives, let me comment on the overall environment and provide some technology highlights.  Looking at semiconductors, we hear some level of caution as the industry settles into a high single-digit growth rate for the year. Longer term, the semiconductor industry appears quite stable. The growing wave of video and consumer applications will increase the demand for processing power, bandwidth and storage. Although our customers remain quite sensitive to their product cost, especially for the consumer segment, the technology race is clearly on. The move to slower geometry certainly shows no signs of slowing down. Spending on EDA appears to be improving as our industry has an impact on both product differentiation and manufacturing costs. As the leader in advanced IC technologies, Synopsys is particularly well-positioned.  Moving on to our technology, business for the full year was strong across every product line. In Q4, IP as well as analog digital verification were especially strong. Starting with core EDA, Galaxy, our implementation platform had another strong orders quarter and hit a number of major milestones.  As mentioned last quarter, our field force has completed its migration to IC Compiler support. Innovations and adoptions have accelerated and the product ramp is right on track. In Q4, we passed the $100 million mark in IC Compiler orders. The tape account is mounting rapidly with recent successes at companies like Toshiba. Many more tape-outs are in the pipeline.  Customers are indeed seeing promised improvements in performance and time to results. During the quarter, we displaced the competition at four companies. At several more, we gained entry into a competitor’s domain. The technology in our latest Synthesis release is very strong as well. The resulting adoption of our high end Design Compiler Ultra accelerated in Q4. In fact, we displaced competitors at four companies and doubled our position at a fifth company, one that had previously experimented with another Synthesis tool.  Now, to Discovery, our analog and digital verification platform. Discovery did extremely well, both in Q4 and throughout the full year. The move to smaller geometries and higher complexity chips has accelerated the demand for verification tools. In fact, Q4 was our largest ever quarter for VCF, our core digital solution. The migration to System Verilog accelerated as well. The maturity of the tools and the efficiency of the language are now clearly proven. For example, Enterasys, a provider of security-enabled network infrastructure, chose Synopsys after an extensive competitive evaluation. The move to System Verilog with VCF doubled their verification productivity. With this kind of performance differentiation we are winning business from our major competitors.  During the quarter, Freescale, a global leader in the design and manufacture of embedded semiconductors signed an agreement to continue deployment of Discovery for System Verilog based verification.  In analog mixed signal verification, Q4 business was also well above plan. We continue to be the clear choice for mixed signal verification with superior performance and productivity. For example, Virage Logic adopted H5 as it's global simulator for it's 90 nanometer and below AFAT logic library.  Turning now to our high growth adjacencies, let's look first at manufacturing. Our strategy is to grow a powerful position in all key technologies in the design to manufacturing chain, and to link them together by bringing data from the fab up into the design process. This is especially important as customers move to 65 nanometer and below. During Q4, we shipped the first orders of Prime Yield, our first product that integrates advanced manufacturing data into design. Last month, we announced yet another linked product family called process aware DFM. Targeted at custom and analog design for 45 nanometer and below, these new solutions integrate TCAD derived manufacturing data into physical design tools. The impact is better results and fewer resends.  On the lithography side we announced a collaboration with Nikon to develop and deliver next generation manufacturing aware models for 45 nanometers. We're also leveraging advanced 3D lithography simulation from our recent acquisition of Sigma C.  Moving up to our other adjacency, system level design, we are realizing the benefits of our investments in connectivity IP more and more. With momentum in both digital and mixed signal cores, customers are committing to buying our off-the-shelf high quality IP to accelerate their time to market. In fact, Q4 was the largest quarter ever for designware cores. This success was led by our standards-based IP, especially USB , wireless USB and PCI express cores.  In particular, our analog mixed signal cores are doing very well. With speed requirements increasing, analog design has become much more difficult at smaller geometries. PCI express and SATA are good examples of this growing technical challenge. Our investments in this direction are now paying off. Synopsys delivers very reliable and differentiated mixed signal IP for this complex protocols.  Turning to systems, we completed the integration of Virtuo and are sharing a compelling road map with our customers. With our virtual platform, software engineers can develop and validate their software up to a year before the hardware is actually available. Our vision is not only to drive incremental growth in system level design, but also to streamline a complete system to design to manufacturing flow. This flow will reduce risk, power consumption and time to market and will yield higher performance for our customers.  Finally, let me briefly outline our overall strategy to move the company to the next level. We are now building on a very solid foundation after completing a set of major changes over the past several years: With all these changes completed, our focus is now squarely aimed at getting more value for what we provide. Our priorities for '07 and beyond are: You'll hear more about these initiatives in the next several months. The organizational changes, our technology strength and the momentum in our results have energized the entire Synopsys team. We feel that we have entered a new phase of the company and we are strongly focused on capturing value and share and expanding our business reach. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian who will provide more detail on the financials.
Brian Beattie : Thanks, Aart. As a reminder, I'll be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We have provided a full reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in the press release and financial supplement posted on our website.  Our results in Q4 and the full fiscal year were excellent. Q4 revenue was up 11% year over year to $283.4 million. Non-GAAP operating margin nearly doubled to 14.5% and earnings per share were $0.21, all beating our internal targets.  For the full year, revenue was up 10.4% to approximately $1.1 billion, while at the same time, we increased backlog by $100 million to a record $2 billion with a book to bill ratio of greater than one. We also generated more than $200 million in operating cash flow. Now as Aart mentioned, the changes we've made over the last couple of years not only allows us to function more efficiently but also to focus on new ways to grow our business. We're already seeing the benefits. Let me provide some additional financial details. We continue to have excellent visibility, approximately 93% of Q4 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog and more than 80% of FY '07 revenue is already in hand. GAAP earnings per share were $0.07 in Q4 and $0.17 for the full year. COGS and expenses totaled $273 million in Q4 and $1.067 billion for the full year. For the year, GAAP results included $120 million of amortization of intangible assets, in process R&D and stock-based compensation.  Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.21 in Q4, more than double the same period last year, and we earned $0.77 for the full year. In Q4, we held non-GAAP expenses to $242 million, even factoring in an expected increase due to acquisitions and one-time items such as severance and increased variable compensation. We successfully offset much of this upward pressure with a reduction in our expense base from the headcount actions and expense management. As a result, we enter FY '07 with a lower base expense run rate than we did in '06.  For the year, we held our non-GAAP expenses to $941 million as we offset increases due to acquisitions, inflation, and severance by cutting expenses by offshoring and a broad cost discipline. Non-GAAP operating margin increased to 14.5% in Q4, an increase of 7 percentage points over last year. For the full year, it was 14.1%. The non-GAAP tax rate was 31% in Q4 and 32% for the full year. We continue to have a stable contract mix with 95% of Q4 product orders booked as time-based licenses and 5% booked as upfront. For the full year, 6% were booked as upfront, well within our target range of less than 10%.  One customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue in the fourth quarter and for the year.  The average length of our renewable customer license commitments remains healthy at approximately three years. We're seeing the benefits of our ratable model in a couple of ways. First, excellent visibility and also in our customer engagements. It gives us the flexibility to continue to work with a customer on an agreement and not feel forced to close it before the end of the quarter. Q4 was a good example. We have continued negotiating several deals that started in Q4 so that we could increase the value for both parties. We did so and we're still able to exceed our target for the quarter. Turning now to cash. Operating cash flow was $100 million in Q4 and $206 million for the full year which was above our target. Capital expenditures were $14 million in the quarter and $48 million for the full year. Cash, short-term investments increased $61 million to $573 million. Now, that strong cash balance was achieved even with a very active stock repurchase program during the year.  In Q4, we purchased 1.6 million shares for $30 million. For the full year, we spent $200 million purchasing more than 10 million shares of our stock and have approximately $237 million left on our authorization. Primarily as a result of this repurchase program, Q4 diluted share count decreased 2 million shares sequentially and 5 million shares compared to Q4 of '05. As always, we will continue to evaluate the best uses of our cash each quarter including company operations, investments and stock repurchases.  Q4 net accounts receivable, totaled $123 million and our DSO's remained very healthy at 39 days. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $499 million, a slight increase sequentially. We expect this to increase again in Q1 similar to last year 's pattern due to a large customer scheduled to pay a year in advance. At the end of Q4, we had approximately 5,100 employees. This was a slight drop sequentially as we reduced our North American workforce by more than 2%, offset by hiring elsewhere. We also renewed our credit facility in Q4 and increased it to $300 million, also at much better terms. This revolver provides excellent flexibility in our business operations. In addition to the changes that Aart talked about, I'd like to give you just a few examples of the changes we made during the past year on the expense front. First, every function cut back on planned hiring in 2006.  Second, we've streamlined some of our infrastructure operations, outsourcing certain non-core functions and offshoring others. For example, we outsourced our entire procure to pay process to a best in class service provider that works with seven of the top ten Fortune 500 companies. Once this is fully implemented, we expect to save between $2 million and $5 million per year. We have continued our redeployment of certain functions. For example, some IT support was moved to some lower cost locations. We now have 30% of our employees in low cost regions, ahead of our plan. Not only does this provide us cost savings of approximately $4 million per year, but it moves us closer to our customers, allowing us to better meet their needs.  Third, we completed a thorough review of our international operations and tax structure. As a result of some structural changes we've made, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate to drop from 32% in 2006 to between 28% and 29%. We're certainly not done. We'll continue to update you throughout the year on further changes we are making to improve our earnings power. Turning now to our financial targets in FY '07 and beyond; first some general commentary. Almost two years ago, we committed to passing a 20% operating margin during FY '07. We're confident that we'll reach this goal in the second half of this year. We expect revenue growth of between 8% and 10% in FY '07 with less than 10% of our business coming from up front orders. We expect to hold expenses down to just a slight increase in FY '07. As a result of cost controls and actions we've taken, we're almost entirely offset the upward pressure on expenses due to acquisitions, inflation and an extra fiscal week that occurs for us every seven years and that happens in Q1. Regarding our long-term operating model, as Aart mentioned, beyond '07 our next operating margin is in the mid to high 20s which we'll work to reach through a combination of sustainable revenue growth and expense control. Our goal is to limit expense growth to less than half of our revenue growth and this philosophy will allow us to both increase our profitability and provide future technology and business growth. As we increase our earnings power we'll grow our cash flow to higher levels as well.  Now on to the guidance. For the first quarter of FY '07, our targets are:  For fiscal 2007, our targets are: In summary, we had an excellent Q4 and fiscal 2006 and I'm really looking forward to the next year. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Markets. 
 Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon and congratulations on some nice numbers and guidance. First, in terms of business conditions, a question for Aart. We're hearing about a substantial slowdown in 65 nanometer wafer starts but there seems to be a fair bit of design activity. Could you talk a little bit about what you're hearing from your customers on 65 nanometers?
 Aart de Geus:  Sure. I think there is absolutely a difference between wafer starts and design activity largely because the design activity simply starts about two years before major wafer starts. I can tell you that if you look at the 65 nanometer designs that we're watching, it went up again considerably from last quarter. Last quarter, I think I reported that we were watching 243 designs, this quarter it's 282 and if you want to look at the tape-out account it went from 80 to 109 so that's moving forward actually quite well. By the way, we see exactly the same trend in 45 nanometer, of course on smaller numbers.  So, I've been watching this carefully now for a number of years and I'm very positive that on all of the advanced designs, the clock for new generation happens to be exactly two years and so there's no slowdown from that perspective.
 Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay, that's helpful. With the 45 nanometer activity that you see now, I'm sure it's pretty limited, but are you seeing the same kinds of demands? Is power a major driver or is there a new theme emerging on 45 nanometer?
 Aart de Geus:  Well, power became a fairly big issue at 90 nanometer, a bigger issue at 65 and a bigger issue at 45 and it's just accompanied with now an increased focus on yield variations in the design. We're getting closer and closer to physical phenomenon that before were negligible. I expect that to continue and as a matter of fact, we're already starting to track the first 32 nanometer designs which shows that the span of the most advanced developments is quite broad, and there will just be more of that. But you're absolutely right. Power is important. The other reason power is important of course, which is that the drive of consumer products is very, very strong in many of these advanced technologies and consumer products want to be portable.
 Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Markets:  Excellent. If I can, a couple of questions for Brian. What do you think the expense guidance would be without that extra week? I mean, should I just do the math in terms of the percentage or would it be a little bit different?
 Brian Beattie:  Yes. You can do the math just based on the guidance for revenues and margins and the EPS numbers we gave you.
 Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. The share count guidance, it's kind of ticking up. Is there anything going on there?
 Brian Beattie:  Well, our share count includes of course the impact of the 10 million shares we bought back in the year, but it's also a factor of looking at the numbers, we've bought back more than double the amount of new options or new stock issued during the year and we expect to continue that trend going forward. Another factor that comes in as well is as the price of the stock goes up, clearly there are more shares using the treasury stock method that are included in the denominator.
 Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay, excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Raj Seth - Cowen & Co. 
 Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.:  Thanks, Aart, a couple questions for you. First, a follow-up on Stuart's question about the strength in EDA. You talked about in your prepared remarks, I think you said EDA appears to be improving. Is this in your view something that really is indeed sustainable, or is this a cyclical trend around some of the node transitions we've just gone through? 65, 90 becoming mainstream, or is this EDA growing again consistent with R&D spending?
 Aart de Geus:  Well, I think it's probably fundamentally consistent with R&D spending; however, the node transitions have been coming across like clockwork in the last four or five years, so that I expect to continue. I think the definition of EDA has been broadening gradually because we're definitely spending much more attention to all the things that touch manufacturing, and you can view DSM as a subsegment, or you can say some of that is directly reflected in the core EDA.  Be it as it may, there's no way to do the advanced chips with some of the older tools at this point in time that don't take into account various forms of signal integrity and variation and DSM and this and that. So I expect that the investment level will have to continue for all the people that want to play.
 Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.:  So more of a secular trend there than something cyclical?
 Aart de Geus:  I would think so. I've never been a strong advocate of cyclicality when you deal with design flow evolutions and design cycles that are much longer than the ups and downs of the semiconductor industry. Secondly, in addition to that we have a business model that is very much I would say three-year centric and so that makes for a very stable, steady industry.
 Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.: You mentioned in terms of your priorities for next year, you said something about sharpening segmentation, mentioned pricing and a move into the mainstream. Can you elaborate a little bit on what your objectives are there? What is it you're trying to do and maybe a bit about what you plan to do?
 Aart de Geus:  Sure. There's one common word to all of this, it's the word value . I think that we are strongly back into a position where on many fronts we're quite differentiated and our objective is to make sure that this differentiation gets translated in something that's both measurable and appreciated by the customers as helping them differentiate themselves. One way to do that is to know better what are the concerns of the customer and the other aspect is to know better what are the differentiations that you have internally and match the two. From that perspective, the increased focus on the centralized marketing will be one of the mechanisms to do that.  I think following up on that, we will then tune the sales approach, the go to market approach to be reflective of it. We feel that we have a lot of strong technology and we can probably do better at getting value for it.
 Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.:  Do you expect, or should we expect that you'll tier your products in the way that Cadence has? Good, better, best? Is that the direction you're headed?
 Aart de Geus:  We've sort of always thought that all of our products were best but I understand what you're saying. The reality is that we have always had a tiering of products. There's always been Design Compiler and Design Compiler Ultra and in many products, there are additional ways to get additional functionality which is a form of tiering that is both a form of pricing and packaging but it's also a way of meeting the needs of those people that are at the very high end or are more in the mainstream.  Having said that, I think we can do better. A lot of this has been an almost 20-year-long evolution step by step and this is a good time to rethink entirely how we want to do it. I don't think that it is quite as simple as just saying well, there's a low, medium, and high end. I think it has to be understood more in terms of the needs of particular constituencies.
 Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.:  Sure, that's helpful. Thanks, nice results.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley. 
 Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Great job on the financial results. You talked about mixed fundamentals within the semiconductor industry. I think one of the near term bright spots has been the memory sector -- DRAM especially -- so maybe you can just refresh us as to how Synopsys has leveraged memory design activity and maybe some of the trends you're seeing in this segment of the market space.
 Aart de Geus:  Sure. Well, first, I think it's clear one of the reasons that memory is doing well is by the time you start looking at most content becoming video, you've just multiplied dramatically the amount of data, and I expect that to massively continue. It's interesting that I now see many of the semiconductor executives spend a great deal of attention on what happens with YouTube and why are these guys so interested in this? I think they are all smelling the fact that the video content is just an enormous driver.  Now, memory is sort of the obvious thing of which you have never enough and interestingly enough we actually do quite a bit of business in the memory segment. First and foremost, through our simulation and very fast simulation and now increasingly also through the DSM side of the equation and so this is a good example of a segment, if you can call it that, that may have very direct needs in terms of the products that we can provide and that we'll pay more attention to going forward.
 Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley:  Okay, great. As you see obviously more 65 nanometer design activity here in digital, where are your customers seeing the challenges as they tackle these complex designs? Is it timing closure related? Is it process variability? Multi node, multi corner analysis? Is it power? How would you rank those priorities?
 Aart de Geus:  Well, I'm tempted to just say yes. They are all sort of at max demand, partially because if they were not, immediately people would say well, why can I not do better? I'm increasingly of the mind that project length is almost fixed and then you just do the best you can with that.  Having said that, the center of gravity of all electronic design to date is timing, has been for the last 15 years because it brings together all of these phenomenon and all of these other things are almost like perturbations that you have to work through and so you will try to achieve your timing and then minimize the power, optimize as much as possible for the profit variation, the multi corner analysis, and others, all techniques that are used to achieve that. So design is definitely more complex, but people will always push this envelope of timing. For consumer designs, there is a high emphasis on cost and therefore, the area will remain key as people still try to push more and more onto fewer chips.
 Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Along those same lines as you speak with your customers that are working on these 65 nanometer and 45 nanometer designs, is the percentage of silicon success going up or down relative to prior generations of technology?
 Aart de Geus:  It's a difficult question because the chips are substantially more complex and I think there are fewer of them, but all in all, the move to 55 nanometer has gone quite well because many people feel that the transition 90 to 65 was rather well executed from a manufacturing point of view. I think a transition to 45 will probably bring some tougher challenges as we are now talking about things like emersion and photolithography, et cetera. So there are a number of customers that have been working at 130 that have barely touched 90 and are essentially saying, can I go straight for 65? That's I think why this tempo is being kept up so well in terms of going to new generations.
 Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley:  Okay, great. Thank you, Aart.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams. 
 Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams:  A few quick questions on some of the segments of the business here. First, if you look at the segment breakouts, and you actually had very strong growth across the Discovery platform, the IP, and DFM areas, but the Galaxy side of the business was only up about 2.5% year-over-year. Just any commentary you can give us on that side of the business? As you look forward, do you expect to see that line return to a more solid growth rate? Do you see IC Compiler driving that or is that just a market that has just been tough on the pricing and in terms of competition that's going to be hard to just maintain?
 Aart de Geus:  Well, we think it's the first, meaning that as IC Compiler starts to become a larger portion of the existing large technology pools that are in these deals, it will start driving Galaxy forward. Typically there's some delay between a major product and seeing the impact of it. We are expecting that in '07 you will therefore see a high growth rate on Galaxy because IC Compiler is doing very well.
 Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: In past quarters you've talked about the transition of your customer base to IC Compiler. I think you mentioned that you've got over $100 million of bookings so far to date. Anything else you can give us in terms of quantification, how far along in terms of converting the installed base? Is there any metric you're working toward at this point?
 Aart de Geus:  Well, I think we told you about a year ago, even a little bit more, that we expected 80% conversion over a three-year period. We think that we're quite well on track with that, and so I think that we are going to see an acceleration now and the reason is that many of the people that are reporting good results with IC Compiler took 18 months to go through a complete design cycle. As they've done some sophisticated chips as the product simultaneously has matured substantially, they are now saying okay, this thing is ready for broader deployment, not just for the fighter pilots inside of a company. From that perspective, I think we're now entering the acceleration phase of adoption.
 Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams:  Okay, and then when you look at some of the other segments of the business, the DFM side obviously has been a nice growth driver for you. I'm curious how that revenue kind of parses out. I know you don't break it out but I'm wondering if you're seeing a broadening of that revenue base across multiple areas and OPC is obviously a big driver, TCAD and some others but how would you classify that revenue picture today and how do you see it migrating over the next year?
 Aart de Geus:  Well, the very fact that we are so broadly and well represented in all of these segments is very helpful because at the limit, some of them do overlap and it's precisely that overlap that ultimately we think is a major asset for us as we link the complete loop from manufacturing back into design and vice versa. So our own thinking is that we have been able over the last few years to carve a position into the manufacturing area almost independently of the DFM, the design flow manufacturing, which is really the linkage, and we plan to push on both, the manufacturing and the DFM connection. Not independently, but with certainly interesting financial objectives in both.
 Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams:  Okay and then the last question for me. You've alluded to pricing a couple of times and you talked about it in your prepared remarks, improving the pricing and being more diligent on pricing as you move forward. Any comments on the environment for pricing? Has it been the same as it has been over the last year or so and as you move toward this value methodology or further along that line, how do you plan to keep the pricing in place or improve pricing?
 Aart de Geus:  Well, I think all in all, the pricing has not materially changed one way or another and it's a little bit of the same story which is, if you had differentiation you can hold your pricing if you don't, then it becomes a cost equation. Having said, that I think that we have substantially increased our differentiation in the last 18 months, now we need to learn how to advocate the value that we are providing.  I do think that we're not the only ones in the EDA industry that are realizing that the value we do provide to the overall semiconductor industry is quite substantial and so I have good hopes that as an industry, we use the word value more often and set this into the right direction.
 Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams:  Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson & Company. 
 Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson:  Hi, good afternoon. Couple of questions. First, Brian, I just wanted to clarify. You said that there were a few deals that you were able to hold off at the end of Q4 and continue working on now here in Q1. Then you also said in your commentary that you exceeded your target for Q4. I just wanted to clarify, did you exceed your internal bookings target for Q4?
 Brian Beattie:  Yes, we did.
 Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson:  Okay. And then also to clarify, you said you expect a book-to-bill above 1 for 2007?
 Brian Beattie:  That's correct too, yes.
 Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson:  Okay. A question for Aart then, just in terms of the strength that you're seeing, not just in terms of growth but also competitively in the verification space. Aart, what would you really point to in terms of your own internal technology there? Is it maybe better support for System Verilog, superior test bench technology, verification IP, why are you winning with VCS and with Discovery in general?
 Aart de Geus:  For the last 25 years it's been one word, speed. Now, speed is becoming more complex meaning that it's speed of many aspects but fundamentally, if you can verify a design faster than somebody else, given that there's almost no end to the needs in verification, that is how you win; and in many, many situations, we can actually demonstrate a 4X to 5X improvement over other solutions.  Now, having said that, we have simultaneously in the last couple of years invested substantially in the notion of debugging. So in the broader term that says well, if there are problems how do you find them? It's not just raw cranking through vectors. It is what you do with them, how do you analyze it, how do you find out the issues, and there are things such as much stronger language such as System Verilog but also many of the debugging mechanisms that have been built into the platform of high value, but at the end of the day, it's a little bit the horsepower of the car is where everything starts.
 Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson: Last quarter, you announced Joe Logan heading up sales. I wonder if there is any changes you guys have made or are looking to make maybe internally in terms of sales and perhaps marketing and how maybe from a strategic perspective you've changed things? Or has Joe just basically taken over the new role of sales but not a lot of other strategic changes to how you guys are approaching global deals?
 Aart de Geus:  Sure. Joe has been very quick to align his organization and the yearly boundary is actually a very effective moment to do that because then you have all of the old quota that get finished for the past year and then you start fresh going forward.  I think that has been actually very electrifying to the sales team and as these changes now percolate through the organization, we're actually in the process of rolling out our plans for '07 and I think that's going quite well.  At the same time, you alluded to marketing and I mentioned that we had pulled out all the marketing out of all the BU's in the entire company, put it under one leader and there clearly the objective is to articulate our value more in terms of solutions given that from an engineering point of view, we have been working for now quite a while in making the things work well together, and we are seeing the technical benefits of that. We need to articulate the value that comes with it. 
 Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson:  Okay, great. Thanks so much and congratulations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch. 
 Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  Thanks, good afternoon. Aart, I'd like to ask you about the connection between the technology evolution you've undergone in the last few years towards more integrated platforms and your bookings profile. In other words, is the integration of multiple products biasing deal sizes larger? When you look back over 2006, for example, and the range of deal sizes which you had once described at an analyst meeting, are you in fact seeing more large deals on average as a result of technology completeness, let's say? 
 Aart de Geus:  I would think so because the completeness takes at a minimum two forms. One is that we actually have more capability than the sales force in back meaning that we go further into DFM, that we have additional capabilities around optimization and the other that we actually can demonstrate higher value, higher quality of results with the integration that we have done. As you all know, the integration was actually a fairly painful, long investment but it was more than integration. We've created a platform that is better set up for optimization of many different things from timing to area to power to DFM to test all at the same time. I think we're now starting to see a rapidly increasing body of evidence that the quality of results is indeed better and that the overall effort to get there is reduced. Those are the two angles that really help the salespeople articulate the value.
 Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  When you look at the business in the last year by product segment or with respect to your expectations for the next year, in which product areas or specific products did you see the most increase in net capacity or where might you see large increases in net capacity? Would it be IC Compiler or was that just a swap out of PC and Astro or are there other areas in which you are in fact seeing increases in licenses?
 Aart de Geus: It's actually fairly across-the-board but there are areas that really stand out. Maybe the best example is actually verification because the complexity of the chips being built makes verification almost impossible, which sounds strange because chips still come out working pretty well. One of the reasons is because the amount of verification that's being done has grown incredibly in the last few years. Now, partially because the verification tools, the simulators have improved significantly, but partially also because of the number of simulators being used on large compute forms has grown substantially.  So that's a good example where you can clearly see the number of tools growing. And things like IC Compiler, it's too early to tell because we're in this replacement of PC Astro and then we'll see where that leads afterwards while simultaneously, the depth of the product is much higher, so there it's more of the advanced guys are now jumping on it and then we'll see how it percolates through the company.
 Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  Following up on the earlier question with regard to segmentation, that might suggest more specialty or niche-type applications. Would that perhaps result in some smaller deals on average or are you targeting the segmented products like Cadence towards perhaps smaller design shops, fabless customers and the like, not necessarily the majors?
 Aart de Geus:  Not really. As much as it's desirable to go to all of the smaller shops, by the time you add it up, that's nothing compared to being able to make the difference on some of the medium or larger companies and really highlight better the value. So when we talk about value, we really want to put it in terms of how our customers differentiate. So if you can reduce the area of a chip by 10%, 15% and this happens to be a reasonably high volume chip, you have had a major impact on the cost, right? The same is true on any percentage change in manufacturing yield which is still a little harder to measure but we'll get there over the next few years.  It is stating those value propositions against how the customers view their own differentiation that I think we want to hone more and then make sure that we are really aligned in terms of presenting well what we have and listening well to what the customers need.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vashal Soluwa - Soleil. 
Vashal Soluwa – Soleil:  Hi, thanks for taking my question. Aart, could you please give us a preview of you’re your product flow in '07 might look like? Brian, on the issue of working some deals in Q4 and having them slip, can you give a sense of your level of confidence around ultimately being able to close those deals, hopefully at higher values?
 Aart de Geus:  Regarding the product flow, of course we don't communicate products that we aren't ready to announce, but the best way maybe to respond is to look at how the landscape will shift in terms of the design starts that utilize many tools, and so there's no doubt in my mind that in '07, we're going to now see a substantial increase in 65 nanometer designs and we're going to see a substantial increase of work around 45 nanometer. When I say work, there's a lot of people that are doing the initial cores on 45 and are tuning their 45 nanometer rolls and libraries and all of this is preparing for then ultimately going there with full production.  So if you look at 65 and 45, the word power absolutely comes to mind over and over again, but so does the word yield and therefore the connection to DFM will start to increase in importance as it manifests itself in our tools.
 Brian Beattie: Relative to the deal flow, we're very confident that the deals we're working at the end of the year will get closed. We're aiming hard to get those closed specifically in this quarter. Again, it's really used as a highlight of our ratable business model that the fact that we had 95% of that business coming from backlog this quarter, it tells you when you get to the end of the quarter, in our case, the end of the year that the pressure to close the deal for the quarter, having minimal impact on revenues, allows both parties to get the most value from the agreement and so in that case, we just keep working this one through and are very confident we're going to close it in the short-term.
Vashal Soluwa – Soleil: Thanks a lot. Great quarter.
Operator: We currently have five minutes left in the conference. Would you like to entertain one more question?
 Aart de Geus:  Give us one more question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty - JP Morgan. 
 Sterling Auty - JP Morgan:  Brian, in terms of the margin improvement that you look at through '07, should that progress linearly through the year or do you think you get a step function in the second quarter and then you hit the 20% goal in the third quarter?
 Brian Beattie:  Yes. We indicated the 20% exceed number is in the second half of 2007, so it's something that we've given specific guidance for the Q1 and expect to be over 20% in the second half and track upward from there.
 Sterling Auty - JP Morgan:  Okay, but again, you made some comment about a significant step down in expenses in the second quarter; is that correct ?
 Brian Beattie:  Yes, that's right.
 Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: What do you expect for CapEx in '07?
 Brian Beattie:  Well, in our case, it's about flat year-over-year, so this year we came in at about $48 million.
 Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: As you look at the business that you did in '06, how much of that would you of classify as taking the renewals or existing customers and selling more seats into existing projects or teams? How much of that would you say was further expansion and gaining presence within those customers?
 Aart de Geus:  Well, by definition, the world of customers is actually reasonably well defined, although there are still new companies popping up. Financially, they don't hit the radar scope very quickly. It just takes time for them to grow, if they do. Having said that, therefore, most of the business is coming from existing customers and I think the expansion is both in the core EDA largely because our main engines, the Synthesis and the verification are all doing quite well, but then there's also the expansion down towards the DFM which is new for a number of customers and by the way also up into the IP.  IP I think will be one of those steady growers because people need more and more IP blocks that become harder and harder to build which doesn't mean that some can't build them themselves but for many buy versus build, they are so much better off buying if they can trust the IP and I think we have high reliability, high quality IP today.  So that's how I see this developing and I think the good relationships that we have with many customers are very conducive to be able to introduce them to new technologies.
 Sterling Auty - JP Morgan:  So the growth is more than just hiring on to teams that are already using Synopsys tools. You're saying it's expansion of some of the new tools and the new areas and garnering more seats in other areas of those customers?
 Aart de Geus: Absolutely, yes. 
 Sterling Auty - JP Morgan:  Okay, thanks.
Operator: With that I'll turn the conference back over to you for any closing comments you may have.
 Aart de Geus:  Sure. Well, I appreciate your time as usual. I think we're looking back on a strong year '06 that in many ways concludes somewhat one phase of the company. As a little aside highlight, in a couple of weeks we will have our 20th anniversary and for fun, I tracked where we were in technology 20 years ago and we have literally gone through ten generations of Moore's Law which is 1,000X in complexity. While I'm a little hesitant to say let's go for the next 1,000X, we hope to have you on calls in the future. Thank you very much for your support over all these years.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 5:30 pm Pacific time today and going through December 13, at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay service by dialing 1-800-475-6701, and using the access code 847573. International callers may dial area code 320-365-3844. That does conclude our conference for today.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-08-16 20:45:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank - VP, IR  Aart de Geus - Chairman, CEO  Brian Beattie - CFO 
Analysts: Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley  Rich Valera - Needham & Company  Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Markets  Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.  Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams  Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch  Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities  Vishal Saluja - Seligman 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Synopsys earnings conference call for the third quarter of fiscal year 2006. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Mary and good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys; and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer.  During the course of this conference call, Synopsys may make forecasts, targets, and other forward-looking statements regarding the Company and it's financial results. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future results and performance, the Company's actual results and performance are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that may be projected. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter, and in our third quarter fiscal year 2006 earnings release. In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures disclosed to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in our third quarter earnings release and financial supplement. Our third quarter earnings release, financial supplement and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q are all currently available on our website at Synopsys.com. With that, I would like to turn the conference over to Aart de Geus.
Aart de Geus: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Q3 was an excellent quarter for Synopsys as we again executed well on all fronts. Our financial results show strong revenue and earnings growth and solid cash flow. Our momentum is also visible in the customer adoption of our technology and our introduction of multiple innovative new products. To summarize the financial results, revenue for the quarter was $277 million. That's a 10% increase year-over-year on an expense base that remained flat during the same period. Operating margin was 14.9%, more than double the 7% in Q3 '05. As a result, non-GAAP earnings were $0.21 per share, almost twice last year's $0.11.  We have solidified our outlook for 2007 and are on track to deliver on our commitments to a 20% plus operating margin during the year. With our growing confidence in FY '07 we're increasingly focused on plans and programs to deliver further revenue and earnings growth in 2008.  Let me now give you my perspective on the overall environment. While we've heard questions about the state of the semiconductor industry going into the second half of the year, we haven't seen our customers’ behavior change. If anything they are sharpening their focus on differentiating their products with technology, cost, time to market. That bodes well for Synopsys as we deliver solutions dedicated to precisely these goals.  With that let me give you some of the quarter's highlights. Business in Q3 was very robust across all our product lines, especially in DFM and verification and it was the seventh straight quarter that we substantially beat our internals order targets. DFM was very strong with expanding business, new products, and new powerful links between design and manufacturing.  Galaxy, our core implementation platform also delivered solid results and we rolled out brand new capabilities to deal with manufacturing variability. Discovery, our verification platform, had outstanding results in both analog and digital. Finally, in IPN systems we showed good growth and announced our expansion into embedded software.  Let's now zoom into each area, starting with DFM. At the recent Design Information Conference there was a lot of buzz around design manufacturing, much of it centered around Synopsys’ new product announcements. Customers are striving to improve yield at every step in the process given it's direct impact on their overall cost of goods.  In DFM, our strategy is twofold. One, understand and develop a powerful position in all key technologies that link to manufacturing such as lithography, TCAD, View Management, process, and test chips. The other critical piece of our DFM strategy is to close the loop among all these products, bringing manufacturing data up into the design process and tuning design for better manufacturability. To this end, just today, we closed the acquisition of SIGMA-C, a German company with leading products in lithography simulation. These products will enable a tighter integration between design and manufacturing, benefiting customers with fewer chip respins increased product yield.  In Q3 we introduced an important new product. Prime Yield. Prime Yield systematically integrates the real data from the fab into our design environment. It detects manufacturing issues that will negatively affect yield and enables customers to find and fix those issues early in the process, saving both time and money. Customer industry reaction to our DFM agenda has been extremely positive. For Toshiba, Prime Yield provided a dramatic seamless way to detect lithography problems and deliver correction guidance right into the IC Compiler environment. Toshiba will be deploying Prime Yield into their standard layout flow. Prime Yield was ahead of that with packed demos and a flood of inquiries. Today no other vendor has the breadth of technologies or the integration that Synopsys provides in DFM. Given this market opportunity, we will continue to innovate and invest in this area. With respect to Galaxy, our implementation platform, we continued our strong business and customer success. There are three major components to Galaxy: synthesis, physical design, and sign off.  In synthesis, Design Compiler Ultra is doing well. Our newest topographical features significantly improve the predictability of the design flow. In physical design, IC Compiler is giving customers excellent results. Tape out counts are mounting at companies like Necrona, Sun Plus, a top Japanese IDM and a large broadband firm. Designers are reporting 40% to 50% faster time to results and 8% to 10% better quality of results.  Six customers discussed their IC Compiler tape out successes and plans for the future at a standing room only customer panel. TI, Toshiba, Necrona, Conexion, SD, and Stark highlighted their success in designing for applications ranging from wireless terminals to home networks to high-definition TV. In Q3, we also delivered the newest advances in physical design with improved low power and design for yield techniques. Our field has completed the migration to IC Compiler support. It's the fastest ramping product transition we've ever implemented. We continue to expect that roughly 80% of our customers will have upgraded to IC Compiler over the three-year period since it's introduction.  In sign-off we delivered brand new capabilities to deal with variability and manufacturing. These so-called variation-aware analysis and extraction tools have already been endorsed by ST and TSMC along with Stark in Japan.  In summary, the Galaxy platform has produced a number of technical firsts that designers need to address ever-shrinking process geometry. This quarter we tracked 243 active 65 nanometer designs of which 80 have taped out to date; a solid majority done with Synopsys. Let's look now at Discovery, our verification platform. Business in the quarter flourished in both analog and digital. In fact, we booked our largest verification deal ever, a large growing customer selected Synopsys to meet it's expanding need for license growth to tackle increasing verification complexity. The measurable speed advantage of our technology and the productivity benefits of System Verilog are clearly resonating with customers. We're seeing competitive displacements, some migration from internal tools and strong endorsements from companies like Vitas, Altatech and S3.  For example, a U.S. secure networking company switched from a combination of Verilog tools to a full Synopsys System Verilog flow resulting in an important competitive displacement. At DAC, six industry leaders highlighted verification with System Verilog. Transmeta reported 10X faster performance and Transilica reported 5X to 8X reduction in code size. Verification is a growing, major pinpoint for our customers. Synopsys is well-positioned for growth in this area as we continue to provide highly differentiated technology. Moving up the design flow to systems and IP solutions, I'm pleased to report that our digital and analog IP course again came in notably above plan. Customers are leveraging our high quality off-the-shelf connectivity IP to accelerate their time to market. On the digital side, we shipped our first release of the new wireless USB product. Wireless USB is the hot new standard as customers demand easy wireless connections for the electronic environment. There are more than a billion wired USB devices today and we expect 70% of them to migrate to wireless over the next five years.  In analog mixed signal, high demand continues for our multi-standard IP. During the quarter we ported Nano 5, our new low power analog USB product to two platforms, TSMC and the IBM chartered Samsung platforms, and we sold our first copy.  In system level solutions we closed the acquisition of Virtuo, a creator of virtual platforms for embedded software development. Virtual platforms enable engineers to develop and validate embedded software up to a year before silicon is available, rather than wait until the end of the process. This saves time and money and reduces risk. This new market segment looks very promising as software content and devices grows rapidly. For Synopsys, it's an opportunity to raise the level of our customers engagement and address a whole new universe of software engineers. You'll hear more about ESL strategy in the months to come. Now let me address some of the things we're doing to solidify our Q4 and 2007 outlook, align the Company for growth, and streamline operations. Focusing on the go-to-market side of the Company first, we have promoted Joe Logan to lead our worldwide sales organization. A seasoned sales executive, he has done a tell after job during miss five years at Synopsys most recently heading the North America East region. Joe has a very solid team and we expect the transition to be quite smooth.  From a customer support perspective, we are merging our worldwide applications support and our services business to create a single point of contact for our customers and to reflect the increased complexity and value of helping our customer succeed. The group will report to Deidre Hanford who over the years has led Synopsys to the highest customer satisfaction ratings in the industry. In addition, as part of our ongoing cost control efforts, we have taken several actions to streamline our infrastructure. We announced this week that a number of functions such as procurement and some IT functions are being outsourced. In addition, recognizing the global distribution of our customers, we are co-locating more of our own resources to a low-cost geography. In summary, Synopsys is firing on all cylinders from our financial results and execution to our product and customer momentum. 2006 is turning out to be a very strong year. We have solidified our 2007 revenue and earnings outlook and we are on track to deliver a 20% plus operating margin during the year. In addition, we're increasing our focus on further revenue and earnings growth in 2008 and beyond.  With that I'll turn the call over to Brian who will provide more details on the financials.
Brian Beattie: Thank you, Aart. As a reminder I'll be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. We have provided a full reconciliation in the press release and financial supplement posted on our website. I'm very pleased with our performance last quarter. We again executed well and our financial and business results were strong. Revenue was up 10% year-over-year. We exceeded our orders plan for the seventh quarter in a row. Non-GAAP operating margin increased by 2 percentage points compared to last quarter and it more than doubled year-over-year. Our non-GAAP earnings per share beat our internal targets and also nearly doubled year-over-year.  Total revenue for the quarter was $277.2 million, the seventh straight sequential increase. Of this, 95% came from beginning of quarter backlog. From a product perspective, 78% of revenue came from our core Galaxy design and Discovery verification solutions; 18% came from IP and manufacturing; and 4% came from professional services and other revenues.  Business remains strong worldwide with particular Q3 strength in North America. Revenue mix remains relatively stable. North America was 53%, Europe was 17%, Japan was 16% and Asia Pacific came in at 14% of revenue. One customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue in the third quarter. GAAP earnings for the quarter were $0.05 per share with costs and expenses totaling $264 million. GAAP results include $13.4 million of amortization of intangible assets and $15.6 million of stock-based compensation expenses in compliance with FAS 123 R.  We continue to focus on operational discipline which helped drive non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.21. Q3 non-GAAP costs and expenses were $236 million, a decrease of 1% sequentially. Non-GAAP operating margin of 14.9% was the highest in two years and we're well on track towards achieving our target of 20% plus during 2007.  The non-GAAP tax rate was 32%, slightly higher than our target due primarily to a higher than expected mix of U.S. net income.  We continue to execute well on contract mix. 94% of product orders in the quarter were booked as time based licenses with 6% as up front. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments remains healthy at 2.9 years. Turning now to cash. Operating cash flow was $59 million in Q3. Capital expenditures were $11 million. Cash and short-term investments decreased $23 million to $511 million reflecting a repurchase of 3.7 million shares of our stock for $71 million. In the first three quarters of the year, we spent $170 million repurchasing approximately 8.4 million shares. We have approximately $267 million left in our authorization and we'll continue to evaluate the best uses of our cash each quarter including company operations, investments and stock repurchases.  Primarily as a result of the repurchase program, diluted share count decreased 2 million shares in the quarter. Q3 net accounts receivables totaled 111 million and DSO's were 36 days, well within our normal range. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $474 million, a moderate sequential decrease, as expected. Headcount totaled 5,131 at the end of Q3 reflecting some additions in lower-cost geographies and the acquisition of Vertio. We expect to leverage our lower-cost geographies to keep spending in check in 2007. Now as Aart mentioned we just announced the acquisition of SIGMA-C, a lithography modeling company providing yet another critical link in the design to manufacturing process. It was an all cash deal valued at $20.5 million and we expect it to be slightly dilutive for the first six months and then roughly neutral in fiscal 2007.  Now on to guidance. As a result of our strong performance in Q3, we are raising our annual revenue and EPS targets. For fiscal 2006, our targets are revenue between $1.086 billion and $1.094 billion, an increase of 9.5% to 10.3% over last year. A non-GAAP tax rate of 31%; outstanding shares between 142 million and 147 million; GAAP earnings per share between $0.11 and $0.15 which includes the impact of approximately $64 million in stock-based compensation expense. Non-GAAP earnings per share between $0.73 and $0.75, an increase of more than 80% over last year. We continue to expect cash flow from operations to be greater than $175 million. Over the next four quarters we expect approximately $940 million of our beginning of quarter backlog to turn to revenue. For Q4, our targets are revenue between $274 million and $282 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $265 million and $281 million, which includes approximately $16 million of stock compensation expense; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $239 million and $249 million, an increase sequentially due to a variety of factors including costs associated with streamlining our business operations, higher variable compensation due to our stronger than expected business and the impact of SIGMA-C and the Vertio acquisitions.  Other income and expense between zero and $4 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of 30%; outstanding shares between 140 million and 144 million; GAAP earnings of $0.01 to $0.05 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.17 to $0.19 per share. We expect more than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog. We will provide 2007 guidance in our next earnings call, following the Q4 results. In summary I'm pleased with our excellent execution again this quarter and look forward to the rest of the year. With that I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good afternoon. Aart, first question for you, post the launch of Prime Yield at DAV, you've obviously been working with a lot of your major customers on this for some time and you can plug seamlessly into IC Compiler.  My question is, can Prime Yield also be integrated into some of your competitors physical implementation tools like the Encounter platform? I think this would probably significantly expand your addressable market opportunity.
Aart de Geus: Well, Harlan, this is all technology that is built very much on the principle of openness, and so the intent is to be able to support multiple tools. Clearly, IC Compiler is way ahead on many of the other physical implementation tools and it works today; meaning that -- you can use the term “seamlessly” -- find issues and fix them in IC Compiler. So the benefit is just very large with our own solution, but we fundamentally want to support as much as possible openness, where it is practical and makes common sense.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: I would think that you're currently booking orders for Prime Yield right now?
Aart de Geus: Yes, we are.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Great. Then maybe you can help me also understand the SIGMA-C acquisition and what that brings to Synopsys? I know the team already has a set of litho modeling capabilities in your product portfolio so what's the differentiator that SIGMA-C brings to the table here?
Aart de Geus: The way to think about SIGMA-C Is TCAD for lithography. With all of these things, you always trade off between accuracy and speed, but at the end of the day, you must have sort of the golden measure which is the highest accuracy in order to determine if the trade-offs that you make, make any sense. SIGMA-C is the very high accuracy, high precision, three-dimensional capability to do that.  So in that context, it will be used first and foremost wherever hot spots are found to analyze them very rapidly, and then used to avoid those in the first place in the design. So it's actually a very deep cornerstone technology.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks and then a question for Brian. Operating expense, total expenses at the mid-point of the range are going up by about $10 million sequentially and you gave us I think three reasons for that: streamlining of the business ops, impact on the SIGMA-C and Vertio acquisition and a few other things. Can you kind of prioritize what the biggest piece of that movement is from these three areas?
Brian Beattie: Yes, sure will. Basically what you're seeing a number of costs which are viewed as one-time such as for example the biggest contributor to the growth in the quarter alone would be associated with higher variable compensation. Again, the Company is doing much better than we had planned from the orders and from the revenue perspective and again expense management has been tight. So primarily, that's where the costs are going up.  The other elements related to the acquisitions of Vertio and SIGMA-C, again we'll start in the fourth quarter so that's the next part of the increase. Finally we did have some costs associated with streamlining the operations this quarter that will also be expected to be booked in the fourth quarter so that's kind of the priority of the way the three big elements come together.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: So the variable compensation is sort of a one-time Q4 type of issue? The streamlining of the business operations, is that also, can we think about that as one-time in nature as well?
Brian Beattie: Yes, I would. Those are the costs associated with some of the reductions that we put in place in terms of getting ready for 20% plus operating commitments we made for 2007.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So can you maybe then just give us a sense in terms of Q1 what the normalized operating expense run rate could look like?
Brian Beattie: Well, I'd like to, but I think you have to stay tuned for our next call at the end of the fourth quarter. We'll be reviewing in more detail both revenue and expenses. Again, we're just very focused on both growing the business and also focused on the cost management as we go forward. I think if you looked at the year-to-date numbers you'll see revenues up about 10% and our spending is up by 2%, so again, that's allowed us to almost double the operating margins in 2006.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Right, okay, one last question if I may. So any 10% customers in the quarter from a bookings perspective?
Brian Beattie: Yes. We don't disclose the bookings level detail, but we did have one customer that was greater than 10% of the revenues.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Brian Beattie: You're welcome.
Operator: We will move on to the line of Rich Valera - Needham & Co. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Co.: Thank you. Could you give us the headcount associated with SIGMA-C? And any revenue figures if you're willing to share that with us?
Brian Beattie: Yes. We haven't gone through that level of detail. at least for providing that. We give the information out on what we paid for the Company which I said is just over $20 million, so from an expense perspective, that will take effect as of today going forward. We haven't given out the exact headcount. We can follow-up with more detail the next time around.
Rich Valera - Needham & Co.: Sure and is there any earn out above that or is that just a fixed $21 million?
Brian Beattie: That's a fixed amount of the cost that the shareholders at SIGMA-C will see.
Rich Valera - Needham & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. Aart, just on the ESL front, you made the Vertio acquisition which puts you a little further into that space. There's still lots of interest in that area and buzz around hardware/software co-design and various types of verification and synthesis. How do you see that space and how do you see Synopsys' continued push into that space beyond Vertio?
Aart de Geus: Sure. The problem with that space is it has been filled with hype for a number of years which by many companies and many analysts has made a very strange impression of what in practice has been accomplished. We are entering it or we're moving forward in it in an eminently practical fashion, meaning the virtual capabilities are proven today on some key platforms, I think they have already talked about the utilization of TI and freescale for example. Moreover, we think that it is a direct adjacency to our strong IP position, and so we will continue on that path, not promising to boil the ocean or anything like that, but really to say here are some practical tools that have major impact when used well on accelerating the development and the quality of the software while the hardware is in development. And so it's a very practical pathway.
Rich Valera - Needham & Co.: Okay that's helpful. Thank you.
Brian Beattie: Just to follow-up on your question, we looked at the details at SIGMA-C and there are about 50 employees. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Co.: Great. Are they mostly in Germany? 
Brian Beattie: Yes, they are.
Rich Valera - Needham & Co.: Just a little bit of follow-up on the expense side, Brian. Is there any color you can give us on the primary driver of the margin expansion next year going from mid-teens probably at your peak this year, as your peak quarter up to that 20%. Could you give us any sense of how much revenue versus expenses, how that mix is going to play out? Do you have a view of that yet or do we have to wait until the next call?
Brian Beattie: Other than saying it's coming from both areas, both in keeping the cost in tow as well as driving for growth on the top line, it's both going to come through. We'll give you a fair amount of detail, again, as I was just highlighting it, so far this year it's been 10% top line and 2% spending growth contributing to that, and we'll continue to improve for the '07 numbers to give us that 20% plus.
Rich Valera - Needham & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, thank you for taking my question. I guess first a big picture question on DFM and Prime Yield. How far away do you think we are from most designers using a tool like Prime Yield where they're generating a design, and they are more or less real-time seeing impact of the design on yield and it's linked to factory data?
Aart de Geus: Well, we are both very close and very far away. Close in the sense that the Prime Yield product today uses real data and that pathway is being closed and we have in the pipeline a number of additional capabilities that will be rolled out in the subsequent quarters. So every new version will really enrich it substantially.  Far away in the sense that the focus on yield really starts to take on a much higher urgency with 65 nanometer and then very high urgency with 45 nanometer. Now, the good news is we're seeing the 65 nanometer design has picked up well for us -- actually very, very well -- and the interest therefore is pretty high for these type of tools.  The other thing that is very positive in this context is this was specifically designed to work particularly well in the whole ecosystem with IC Compiler and Prime Time which has been sought out for the next generation of how do you design and manufacture, essentially in the same train of thought. And so from that perspective, I'm not surprised at the very high interest and enquiries that we have. As a matter of fact earlier there was a question are you selling it today? I should have answered that we have sold it already.
Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Markets: That's helpful. Do you have a sense of what it takes in terms of cost for 65 nanometer design relative to 90 and is it substantially harder than the 130 to 90 shift?
Aart de Geus: This is a question that often leads to confusion because invariably people say oh, it's much higher but what they really mean is typically the very first generation of technology. The semiconductor industry has been amazingly good at overcoming what initially is very difficult to do and then in a matter of 12 to 24 months bring down the cost substantially.  Now, I encompass EDA in the semiconductor industry here because a lot of what made that possible is the sharpening up and the maturing of the tools and so as much as 65 brings harder problems in terms of power optimization, in terms of yield and so on, simultaneously we're making just tremendous progress in managing these type of issues. I think that after a period of 12 to 24 months, it becomes increasingly similar to 90 nanometer, which in turn has already increasingly become similar to 130.
Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Raj Seth - Cowen & Co. 
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.: Yes, thank you. Aart, just a follow-up on the 130-90-65 question. Do you have a sense yet, how much does a fully loaded seat at 65 cost relative to, whatever capability folks need on average at 90? Is there a material step up in the average price per seat, if you think of it that way?
Aart de Geus: I think, Raj you've asked this question for ten years and for ten years I've never been able to give you a very good answer, partially because this notion of seat has never quite settled in for advanced technologies. For the less advanced technologies over time, things mature and sort of become fairly standard. For the advanced technologies, you sort of throw everything you have at it because it's part of your differentiation.  Clearly, if you move to 65, you can not dream of doing design there without having a fairly strong investment in low power solutions, for example. You will have a set of discussions and interactions on yield that will increase as we move to small geometry. So the product set that is used for these advanced geometries is definitely broader than the product set that used to be used for let's say 180. Do we view it as a seat? I don't think we do and neither do our customers but I think the gist of your question is still, are they going to spend more with us and I think the answer is definitely yes.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.: Okay. On IC Compiler, a quick question. How are people using that today? Are people in fact using that as an RTL, the GDS 2 flow or are people still using pieces of this flow in conjunction perhaps with tools from others? Has the industry really moved in the way that some of the suppliers have talked about from RTL to GDS 2, beyond the lower complexity guys that probably do do that? Or are people still mixing and matching and how are they using IC Compiler, at least what you've seen so far?
Aart de Geus: We absolutely still see both, meaning that there are a number of customers that are now doing more and more complete very advanced design with specifically a Synopsys solution, and they are absolutely seeing some key benefits not only in the quality of results, but also in the overall time and risk it takes.  At the same time when I described the Galaxy, the implementation platform, you may have noticed that we really look at it as three portions. The synthesis, the physical design, and the sign-off, and one of the key reasons for that is so that we can use these technologies, that our customers can use them with competitors tools if so desired so we want to make sure that we have good access to that market. Having said that though, if you specifically take the connection between synthesis and physical design, the topographical capabilities absolutely give you some key benefits in improving the predictability of the flow and therefore knowing earlier what kind of results you're going to get. So those are the type of things that have us say, hey, a complete flow from Synopsys really is a better option if you want to go there.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.: Last quarter on IC Compiler you said you were just beginning to seed this product in competitive, in non-Synopsys incumbent accounts. Anything that you can report in the way of displacements of competitive technologies with IC Compiler at this point?
Aart de Geus: Yes. I alluded to the fact that our fields team has really dramatically shifted it's emphasis, and so from a support point of view, there's an enormous amount of effort that is going into not just benchmarking, it's actually really a supporting of the early tape outs with IC Compiler. Yes, we have seen actual people migrate to Synopsys from others. It’s going to be interesting to see what happens the next few quarters because now the ratio is roughly 4:1 of our support efforts between IC Compiler and PC Astro.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams. 
Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: Thanks. First question is following on Raj's line of questions on the IC Compiler side. You talked about your goal is still maintaining a 80% conversion plan over three years. We've had the product out for a little while now. I'm just curious how can you quantify your status today? How far along do you think you are? You may not want to give a number here, but do you have a significant number of customers using IC Compiler across-the-board here in full production designs or are they still using it on initial designs at this point?
Aart de Geus: So we are one year into this and to your last comment/question, we are absolutely massively in production, and the very reason why our support is maximally taxed is that many of the people that use IC Compiler are using it simultaneously on some of the most advanced designs, and so in that sense, every technical problem in the book is being thrown at our service and support team. Thank God they are doing a good job there because we are seeing number of tape outs now grow rapidly, and we have quite a few coming out in the next couple of quarters. So from that perspective, yes. This is real production work on chips that go into very high volume, high sophistication products.
Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: Can you give us any kind of thought on conversions at this point in the process?
Aart de Geus: No. We don't want to do that, but we have looked carefully at the statements that we've made early on and I think we feel exactly on track versus the 80% three years.
Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: Okay, great. A couple of questions on the DFM side of the equation. When you look at the revenue that you put up in the DFM area it was a little bit down sequentially here. Talked about having a strong quarter and I think it was about 10% versus 12% of revenue last quarter. How do you see this revenue fly wheel moving from this DFM area? Do you expect that to grow here as a percentage of revenue? Obviously it's one of the faster growing pieces today. What are your thoughts there?
Aart de Geus: Our thoughts are exactly that it will grow. It is one of the faster pieces. The only comment I would make is we ourselves use the terminology the revenue wheel, but it's a wheel that's not quite round; meaning that every so often they are anomalies from one quarter to another versus I think one of the previous quarters we had a fairly high piece of upfront revenue attached to some specific business. Conceptually your point is exactly right. This is part of the business that's growing very well that we will continue to run fast with and leaving alone the quarter by quarter anomalies, if you were to look at that rolling average, we would probably see that it's growing just fine. 
Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: Okay sort of related, the Prime Yield products you said that you've sold the product. Have you taken any revenue yet and what do you see in terms of a revenue impact in FY '07? Do you expect a material piece of revenue from that product in fiscal '07? 
Aart de Geus: Realize that most our revenue is now ratable and so, if we sold a ton of business today, tomorrow our revenue is only a small portion of that, and so Prime Yield falls into that category. Actually to be honest I'm not quite sure if we sold last quarter or the beginning of this quarter. I remember the deals, but I don't remember the specific dates.
Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: All right and last quick one for me. Your top line revenue guidance for the fiscal year, the high end of it went up about $4 million I think over last quarter and I'm just curious what kind of impact you're seeing from the SIGMA-C and Vertio acquisitions going into that number? Or do you lose the vast majority of that revenue on the purchase accounting involved in the deals?
Aart de Geus: Yes, typically in the first couple of quarters, one sees almost nothing of these small type deals. They will have impact positively next year, but for this quarter that's not the reason -- I think our business is just strong and that's why we're able to raise our guidance for the year.
Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, good afternoon. Aart, I'd like to follow-up as well on one of Raj's earlier questions where you in reply questioned the notion of a seat. The question is as a practical matter, you of course have an installed base, you have active licenses for all of your products. Could you comment on for which products you are in fact seeing the most growth in terms of the active number of licenses? Or by the same token, reduction of licenses? Just try to help us understand a little bit better in terms of the net activity in terms of your installed base and active users?
Aart de Geus: Sure. With the caveat that we typically don't disclose very fine granularity, there's no question that the highest growth in number of seats is in verification which is also no surprise because as you know, we've been saying for awhile that the verification problem is growing much more rapidly than Moore's Law and moreover, people are putting together very substantial systems that they are very worried about that the functionality is not right.  So in that context, the verification has got to be the one that is using most hardware resources to run with our software.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: What about any areas where in fact you're static or declining in terms of active users or licenses?
Aart de Geus: There's nothing big that comes to mind. There may be some products that are converting to the next generation, but I can't point to anything right now.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: You pointed out earlier of course that in your subscriptions model it takes awhile for bookings to convert to revenues and yet, we see that the Galaxy revenues have been flat now sequentially for three quarters. You've talked on earlier calls about run rates generally increasing, including the run rate or bookings for IC Compiler. So the question is, at what point does the Galaxy revenue number begin to move higher than flat sequentially?
Aart de Geus: Well, I think you are going to see that growing gradually now as the IC Compiler impact becomes more visible. Again, let me remind you, these fly wheels are not round by any means, and it is very much a function of how the different deals were accounted for three or more years ago. It is really in the last two years that they are becoming more and more rounded because more of our business is on a very ratable basis, actually about 95%, so that's as good as it's going to get.  So that's my main comment. You will gradually see it and some of the other areas percentage wise of course have grown very well. Partially by virtue of some acquisitions, partially by virtue of their being very high growth areas.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: When you look back over the last two or three years or so, Aart, at the various acquisitions you've done numerical and silicon co-design, what was left of Monterey, ISE, Nasden, how would you assess how well all of those have been integrated into your overall platform strategy? After all, it took you awhile to finally get the Avanti product to where you wanted it to be in Galaxy. Are there any similar issues at all with some of the smaller transactions you've done?
Aart de Geus: Well, those are very different in scale. Avanti was the largest merger in our industry and one of the largest mergers in software, period. In addition was a complete shift to a next generation system and so you're actually right. That took awhile and was actually pretty hard to do. Partially because we had done a good job on that, the integration of some of these other pieces was easier because they could be embedded directly into an overall set of platforms that were very well thought out. Having said that if you take some of the more recent ones, they're doing very well and specifically if you look at the whole area of DFM, I think we have really been able to build stellar set of technologies and already after not a very long time, you're seeing now the benefits of connecting those in a fashion that hopefully extrapolates well the vision that design and manufacturing are connected in both directions, both design down to manufacturing and manufacturing data back up into design. So I'm actually very pleased about these integrations. Nothing is simple, but I think we're doing a really good job at it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Just a couple last ones. In years past or some of your analyst meetings, you've talked about the distribution of your deals by size or range of order. In other words, deals under 20, deals over 20, deals over 50 and so forth. As your product mix is changing here, more DFM and other, beyond physical design and the like, how do you think that might change your distribution of deal size or order size going forward?
Aart de Geus: That's a very good question. I don't have a very hard answer for you. I can tell you that at the top level for the very large deals, which is of course where one spends most attention, it's probably not changed all that much in nature. There's some very big ones and medium ones, et cetera.  You are correct though that because of DFM, as one example we're selling into a customer base that before we were not selling into, which of course for us are new budget opportunities. So specifically DFM has a number of customers that in the past were not part of the corporate column. Some of those are very small. Some of those are growing rapidly because there too, the needs are going up. Now, if you take for example, the whole lithography area, clearly as people are moving to a 65 or smaller geometry, the needs there grow quite rapidly.  I think these companies or these customers will come gradually into the corporate distribution, but you're raising a good point that I should follow-up and look a little bit harder at how the distribution has changed.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Finally could you go into a little bit more depth on how you're doing by geography, particularly in Japan? I think it's well known that three years ago you did very well in Japan so presumably, a lot of that business is coming up again right around now;, some of it's already occurred, some of it is probably still in the works. How are you doing over there?
Aart de Geus: Overall, actually very well. The notion of three-year deals is actually a bit of a misnomer because as much as our business is on a three-year basis, the business increasingly is sort of rolling business. If I overly simplify it, ideally you'd like to do a three-year deal every year so that you have sort of a rolling backlog that you can in the process factor in the new products that you have, customer interaction and that is mostly what we're doing. You are correct that three years ago, Japan was very strong at that point in time. Right now we're much more concerned on continually increasing the run rate. It is also very clear that Japan specifically in the last year-and-a-half to two years has been on a come back after literally almost a decade of hiatus.  So the investments in Japan are strong and they're strong increasingly in all of our areas of business.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Aart.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities. 
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Brian or Aart, every quarter you come in and tell us about how you're controlling expenses and every quarter the headcount goes up. So please help me understand where does headcount fit in your picture for lower expenses?
Brian Beattie: Okay, why don't I handle that one. As we're looking at the headcount, of course as I mentioned this quarter, we had the additions of an acquisition that we completed and also that any of the additional headcount we grew in was in low cost countries.  Now, in addition to that -- that was in the third quarter -- in addition, we have announced as well that we are reducing a number of our infrastructure costs this week. We are outsourcing areas of IT and procurement and we're going to continue to look at taking advantage of lower-cost operations where we already have pretty significant engineering resources to look at what we can do in keeping our costs down for the year. So again, I build that in an overall structure of while we may add heads, we're really focused on the dollars that are going into that and tying that into our whole operating margin focus.  So again, we're calling the 7% operating margin range that we're producing today which is in the range of about 13% and then that 20% plus next year, that's really significant reductions and improvements in our operating margins. But also looking at how the Company goes global. I mean, if customers are located on a global basis then so are we. So we're going to continue to look for that and look for where we can grow and invest in the future.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Has the headcount peaked?
Aart de Geus: I'll take that. I hope not. The whole point is to grow the Company and we will grow the Company by trying to do as much business as we can while being very diligent on cost management.  There should be one message that should be very clear. In the last two years we have taken a very systematic approach to cost management and we continue that discipline now going forward. At the same time, we are now looking at how can we grow the Company as fast as possible while continuing to expand the ops margin. So the ops margin is really right now our best metric of success in terms of expense control, and if we can grow the Company and increase the ops margin at the same time -- which we think we can do -- that is what will increase the value of the Company most.  Don't misread that for not paying attention to expenses. We're spending dramatically more attention to that than two years ago and I think we're doing a much better job at it.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: You spoke about the streamlining expenses. Are you able to quantify the contribution it would have towards your more than 20% operating margin growth for next year?
Aart de Geus: We have streamlined throughout the year quite substantially. Where streamlining means a couple of things. One is to make sure that a job that one can do without actually leave over time the Company, be it through attrition, through other mechanisms, through outsourcing, et cetera; but also by putting people on to things that are the investment areas going forward.  Secondly, don't underestimate what we've been able to do in terms of globalization, because that is one of the very mechanism in which one can have growth while simultaneously improve the profitability of the Company. So the two go hand in hand, and for the last, I guess it's almost two years now, we have been very systematic in moving towards the commitment we have made for '07. I think we're well on track for that. We do see that it can get better beyond that, and we are certainly planning for continued increase of the ops margin after the 20%.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: So operating goal for next year already included streamlining?
Aart de Geus: I'm sorry?
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Your operating margin goal for next year already had some degree of streamlining efforts built in the target?
Brian Beattie: In order to achieve those, yes, most definitely we had to focus on a number of streamlining actions, yes.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Talking about the revenue model, given that more than 90% of the revenue is backlog, should there be any strong seasonality in your revenues? Is it possible that the Q1 revenues are higher than Q4 revenues?
Aart de Geus: I mentioned earlier that we started out with a fly wheel that's not completely round. It's a fly wheel that now with every year becomes more rounded because the new business is layered up at the tune of 95% ratable and only 5% up front. So if you were to extrapolate that to infinity you'd have a maximum variation of 5% and I think we managed even better than that.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: On the technology side do you think you need emulation products at some point in time or that's not needed per your strategy?
Aart de Geus: It's a question that comes up periodically. There are a number of emulation vendors today, some of which we are working with. It is definitely not on the high feedback side from our customers, especially in light of increasingly good software alternatives being available for many problems, and so this is one of those areas where I would say never say never, but it's not on my top worry list.
Operator: Thank you. And there are approximately five minutes remaining in the conference. Our next question is from Vishal Saluja - Seligman.
Vishal Saluja - Seligman: Thanks for taking my question. Aart, I have a question on the competitive environment and specifically whether you are seeing more favorable pricing trends as a result of the move to the heavy subscription model.  Is it finally beginning to pay dividends with you not having to scramble at the end of the quarter? Then I have a follow-up as well.
Aart de Geus: There's no question that our own behavior at the end of the quarter is not only more disciplined but also more relaxed because one is not in sort of this double bind of having to close business and meet expectations that could be difficult at the end of the quarter. So from that perspective we think that we are doing better business with our customers if we did not have such a mechanism.  Overall, it is a very competitive market, but it is also clear that we have been able to increase our product differentiation steadily in the last, I would say six to eight quarters, and I see that that is starting to pay dividends.
Vishal Saluja - Seligman: I see. Just referring to one of your comments earlier in your prepared remarks about being ahead of internal plan for the last seven quarters, can you just give us a little bit more color on whether that's a result of a conservative plan or a better macro environment or better success on certain new products?  So if you can just give us a little bit more specificity around that because clearly it prepares you for a better '07; we’re just trying to understand how you got there.
Aart de Geus: Sure. It's too bad in the list you didn't put better management, but in all fairness the reality is it's always difficult to actually put the plans in place that are sort of just right because on one hand, you want to put a plan in place that is reachable because you make many commitments and compensation is targeted against it. On the other hand you want to put a plan that's a bit of a stretch because you want to push yourself and your team. If you make too much of a stretch you have negatives.  So I'll be the first to say planning is an art more than a science; although, because of the ratable business model, I think we're in much, much better shape for planning than we've ever been in our history, and that is the very reason why already today we have a pretty solid focus on what we need to do for '08. I think that is a different planning horizon that we've had in the past. Regarding why we think that we're doing well. It is absolutely the product and the technology strength. I reported that in all four areas, we feel that we have strong differentiation, the Galaxy platform is doing very well. The Discovery platform, as mentioned, certainly this quarter was way above expectations, DFM is an area that we bet on about two years ago and I think these investments are paying off. IPN systems I think will be following DFM over time and certainly holds a lot of promise, but for us is doing very well specifically on the IP side. So, it really is product technology. It's the same old recipe. In technology you win with technology.
Vishal Saluja - Seligman: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Aart de Geus: You're welcome.
Operator: And with that I'll turn the call back over to you.
Aart de Geus: Well, we appreciate you sharing your time with us today. As usual, Brian and myself will be available after the call. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 5:30 pm Pacific Time today through midnight, August 30. You may access the replay service by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering access code 838366. International participants dial 320-365-3844. This does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-05-18 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations   Aart J. de Geus, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley   Rich Valera - Needham & Company   Jay Vleeschhower - Merrill Lynch   Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams   Mahesh Songenalia - RBC Capital Markets   Rohit Pandey - HSBC   Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank   Matthew Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co   Colio - J. P. Morgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by, and good afternoon. Welcome to the Synopsys Inc. Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2006. [Operator Instructions]. With that being said, let’s get right to the Q2 agenda and here with our opening remarks is Vice President of Investor Relations Ms. Lisa Ewbank. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Lisa Ewbank: Thank you, Brad. Good afternoon, everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and CEO of Synopsys, and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. During the course of this conference call, Synopsys may make predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements regarding the company. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future performance and events, the company’s actual performance is subject to significant risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that may be projected. In addition to any risks that we highlight during this call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for Q1 and in our Q2 Fiscal Year 2006 Earnings Release. In addition, all financial information to be discussed on this conference call as well as the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in our Q2 earnings release and financial supplements. Our earnings release, financial supplement and quarterly report on Form 10-Q are all currently available on our website www.synopsys.com. With that I would like to turn the conference over to Aart de Geus.
Aart J. de Geus: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. The second quarter was yet another very solid quarter. For the fourth quarter in a row, business came in notably above all targets and our technology continues to demonstrate strong momentum. This outstanding performance was driven by all our product groups but especially implementation, analog and digital verification, and design for manufacturing. We also executed very well against our financial goals meeting or exceeding all our targets and making good progress on our operating margin. Let me begin with some financial highlights. Revenue was $274.8 million, 12% growth year-over-year and exceeding our guidance range. Non-GAAP earnings were $0.17 per share at the high end of our target range. Non-GAAP operating margin was 12.9%, which is excellent progress towards our original ‘06 annual target of 12% to 13% in our stated ‘07 objective of 20% plus. We continued to have one of the most predictable license models in the entire software industry and we are entering Q3 with more than 90% of our revenue targets already in hand. Given the very solid results of the first half and the predictability of our numbers, we are raising fiscal ‘06 guidance for revenue, operating margin and earnings. Brian will go over those numbers in a moment. First let me update you on the business, starting with the overall environment. Based on many recent discussions I have had with customers around the world, the semiconductor landscape appears stronger than three to six months ago. Across the globe, our customers are more positive about their business outlook and volume continued to grow. We have even seen the issue of manufacturing capacity begin to crop up, which in turn enhances the value of our solutions to improve yields. The move to 90nm and 65nm design is in full swing. Meanwhile consumer applications continued to require lower power and more on-chip integration. All these trends bode well for Synopsys. Customer interest in our technology has accelerated as our new products delivered tangible benefits, especially IC Compiler, System level based verification and design for manufacturing. As an example, attendance at our user group meetings worldwide from San Jose to Israel to Europe to India next week has increased notably in the last year. In addition, more than 500 engineers participated in our recent Design for Yield Seminar where we showcased the many yield improvement features in IC Compiler. Since the beginning of the year, a number of major customers have standardized on Synopsys. The benefits of our complete integrated flows are making a visible impact. Earlier in the year, a very large consumer electronics company consolidated on Synopsys’ implementation and application to enable their move to 65nm. Second, Micronas, a world leader in high-definition TV chip selected Synopsys as its preferred vendor for its digital design flow. Third, a top global fables semiconductor company chose Synopsys as its main EDA provider to help them move aggressively to 65nm. In Q2, Cypress Semiconductor was available to reduce its total design time by as much as five weeks using our Galaxy Implementation. Cypress is consolidating its digital design flows and methodologies on our platform. Also in the quarter, Agere announced that it standardized on both the Galaxy and Discovery platforms for digital design. Agere chose Synopsys as its primary supplier because of our technology strength and our ability to help them meet their complex design requirements. They will work with us to increase their use of our design for manufacturing tools as well. Let me now provide some specific technology highlights from the quarter. First, our Galaxy Implementation Platform was again strong and came in above target. IC Compiler continues to deliver impressive results for customers, 8% to 10% better timing area and power at 40% to 50% faster time to resolve. To-date, multiple take offs have been completed including a multi-core DSP for telecom application at Agere and an ultra-low power version of ST's most advanced nomadic multi-media processor. As IC Compiler has quickly gained momentum, it is already featured in four important reference flows. As just one example, STARC, the influential consortium of Japan’s major semiconductor manufacturers adopted IC Compiler in Q2 for its STARCAD-21 production flow. A number of evaluations on IC Compiler jumped markedly in Q2 for both current PC-Astro users and a dozen brand new logos. For competitive reasons we don’t disclose product specific counts, but I can tell you that our installed base more than doubled in Q2. The large number of IC Compiler evaluations and adoption is fully utilizing our present field capacity. In synthesis, Design Compiler won nine out of ten technical benchmarks in Q2. Our new topographical features are delivering substantial gains in layout, correlation and performance. Company such as NVIDIA are deploying this technology because of its productivity gains, fewer design iterations, and faster time to market results. As we predicted, designs of 65nm are ramping a bit faster than most others had anticipated. In a survey of designers at last month’s Silicon Valley Synopsys Users Group meeting representing the majority of North American semiconductor companies, 19% of designs were already targeted at 65nm, a big jump from last year; 45% of designs were aimed at 90nm. At this time, we are tracking (inaudible) active 65nm design, an increase of almost 19% over the last quarter. Tapeouts continued to grow rapidly with 71 completed to date, an increase of more than 30% sequentially. The majority of those tapeouts use Synopsys’ Physical Implementation tool. Now to manufacturing where we have another solid quarter. Customers recognized both the broad scope of our solution and the rapid progress we are making towards creating a bridge between design and manufacturing. Our unique position is making the difference in our technical and business engagement. No one else has the necessary technology in both manufacturing and design to develop a fully integrated design to manufacturing solution. Driven by the requirements of 65nm and 45nm design, Proteus mask synthesis continues to excel. The majority of 65nm fabs use Proteus today. Sony adopted our Phase-Shift Masking technology or PSM to enhance manufacturability of its high performance chip at 65nm and beyond. Hercules Physical Verification was selected for 32nm design project during the quarter. Our yield management solution is generating a lot of customer interests. Those are the standalone product and as part of the (audio gap) Platform. One of the top global fabless companies just adopted our solution to facilitate more rapid yield diagnosis and yield improvement. Stay tuned for more products announcements in this area as we move through the year. Moving on to Discovery, our verification platform, we had another very strong quarter for digital and an outstanding quarter for analog mixed signal. The combination of insatiable, customer demands for faster verification and our differentiated technology draws our strong results. The momentum continue with recent adoptions like companies such as Agere and SG. During the quarter, we announced the first ever complete system (inaudible) flow supported by Discovery for verification, Galaxy for implementation, and a strong collection of verification IP. On the analog-mixed signal verification side, Synopsys continues to be the clear choice with products that cover the spectrum from very high accuracy to very high speed. A great example comes from a large communications chip company that reduced its verification time for 65nm mixed-signal design from 17 hours to just one hour with NanoSim. In addition, a major Japanese company has standardized on HSIM for verification of their mixed-signal design. Now to IP and services, our customers moved to larger, more complex chips, successful IP reuse greatly improved their productivity. Utilization of commercial IP is becoming commonplace and Synopsys’ ability to provide complete and most importantly, the highest quality IP solution puts us in a great position to grow this business. Second quarter represented the best ever bookings quarter for DesignWare with particular strength in our newest mixed-signal core. In system level design, we just announced the acquisition of Virtio, a creator of virtual platforms for embedded software development. This technology will gradually extend our customer base to include software development engineer. They will be able to begin code development much earlier then with prior methods thereby accelerating hardware and software development. In services, our team continues to be very highly (inaudible) on some of the most advanced designs in the world. After completing several projects for 65nm, we have already started our first design at 45nm. There is strong evidence that leading edge services project continued to drive Synopsis through adoption. In March, we told you about our new Pilot Design environment. It provides a ready-to-use optimized design flow as well as a way to systematically measure and improve productivity. There has been a lot of interest as you can imagine by both mainstream and leading edge designers. One major fabless company after an initial engagement at one side is exploring how to deploy Pilot company-wide. While we do not expect Pilot to contribute materially this year, we are excited about the long-term possibility. I do have one personnel transition to report. Vicki Andrews, our head of sales will be leaving the company next month to spend time with her family. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Vicki for her great contribution to Synopsis. She leaves behind a strong team and we plan to appoint her successor within the next several months. In conclusion, we continue to execute very well in all key respects. Business was notably higher than target, our strong technology continues to expand adoptions by customers around the world, and we executed well on our financial goals. I am pleased to turn the call over to Brian for the financial update and guidance.
Brian Beattie: Thank you, Aart. Let me start with an update on my first 100 days. As you recall, my priorities during the first few months were to get a good handle on the financials and the expectations going forward, analyze the operations of company and to focus on cost management. During these 100 days, I had found a widespread commitment to improving operating margins and earnings power. We have already identified and implemented actions that we expect will drive improvement in our operating margin from 7% in 2005 to our original 12% to 13% target this year and to 20% plus in 2007. Furthermore, we have the most stable and predictable revenue model in the industry as well as the strong balance sheet and cash flow. These allow us to make the right long-term decisions to help us grow our business. We are working (audio gap) to drive the business forward by focusing on topline growth and increasing cash flows. In short, I have been very happy with the results I have seen so far, and would have an excellent foundation for further progress. Now to the quarter’s excellent result. As a reminder, I will be discussing certain GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. We have provided a full reconciliation in the press release and financial supplements posted on our website. Total revenue for the quarter was $274.8 million, a 12% increase year over year and the sixth straight quarter of revenue growth. This exceeded the high-end of our target range. Our revenue mix remains stable with licenses at 86% on services, which includes maintenance and consulting at 14%. About 90% of Q2 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog. Just over 9% of Q2 revenue was upfront, slightly higher than anticipated due to a one-time license of phase-shift masking intellectual property. From a products perspective, 75% of revenue came from our core Galaxy Design and Discovery Verification solution, 20% came from our IT and manufacturing businesses and 5% came from professional services. Geographically, Japan and North America were the strongest in the quarter in terms of orders. Revenue distribution reflected a very strong business in Japan, which came in at 18% of revenue. North America was 54%, Europe was 15%, and Asia-Pacific came in at 13% of revenue. One customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue in the second quarter. GAAP range for the quarter were $0.04 per share with cost and expenses totaling $267 million. GAAP results include $13.6 million of amortization of intangible assets and $13.8 million of stock based compensation expenses in compliance with FAS 123(R). Non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.17 were at the high-end of our guidance range, non-GAAP operating margin was 12.9%. Second quarter non-GAAP costs and expenses were $239 million, an expected increase of 7% sequentially. This increase was driven primarily by Q1 expense benefits that were non-recurring and timing related. As you may recall from last quarter, these benefits included greater than anticipated employee vacation and shifting out of hiring. Q2 expenses were also affected by increased variable compensation due to the strong quarter. Other income net for the quarter was approximately $1 million. The non-GAAP tax rate was 33%, slightly higher than last quarter due to a state audit accrual. We still estimate the annual tax rate at 31% for the year. We continued to execute well on contract mix, 92% of product orders in the quarter were booked as time-based licenses with 8% as upfront. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments remained healthy at 3.2 year. Turning now to cash, operating cash flow was $27 million in Q2. Capital expenditures were $16 million. Cash and short-term investments increased $20 million to $535 million. We also repurchased about 800,000 shares of our stock during the quarter for $18 million at an average price of $21.57. We have approximately $338 million left on our authorization and we will continue to evaluate the best use of cash each quarter, including company operations, investments and stock repurchases. Q2 net accounts receivable totaled $138 million, an expected increases from last quarter driven by seasonal billing. CFO’s were 46 days, up from last quarter as expected and within our historic range. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $520 million, a slight increase sequentially. Headcount totaled 531 full-time employees at the end of Q2, a slight increase sequentially due to continued additions and lower cost geographies. And as Aart mentioned, we just announced the acquisition of Virtio, a small developer of virtual platform for embedded software development. It was an all-cash deal valued at up to $50 million depending on the ultimate level of earn out. Now I would like to give you a brief update on the progress we are making on improving the company’s operations and cost structure. As I mentioned at our Investor Day in March, we are committed to improving our earnings power through a combination of topline growth and expense control. On the expense control side, we are well on the way towards making concrete changes throughout the company starting with infrastructure. For example, we are concentrating hiring in lower cost geographies. We are also beginning to institute changes that will streamline our systems and processes in both infrastructure, and sales, and marketing. In R&D, in addition to the workforce globalization, we are evaluating quality and product development processes to identify cost-effective improvements. All of us are committed to topline growth and expense control to drive our long-term earnings power. Now looking forward to Q3 in fiscal 2006; in general, we expect revenue to grow 8½% to 10% in 2006. We expect that costs and expenses will be up approximately 2.5% over 2005, slightly higher than anticipated due primarily to very strong business in the first half of the year, as well the impact of the Virtio acquisition. We expect Virtio to have a small dilutive impact on its first two quarters, but be roughly neutral to earnings for the first full year. At this point, R&D expenses are expected to increase sequentially in Q3 and Q4. Sales and marketing expenses are expected to be about flat in Q3 and up sequentially in Q4 to reflect the end-of-the-year commission, the G&A declining sequentially through the rest of the year. For the Q3, our targets then are; revenue between $270 and $278 million, total GAAP costs and expenses between $261 million and $274 million, which includes approximately $70 million of stock compensation expense, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $232 million and $242 million, other income and expense between zero to $4 million, our non-GAAP fact rate of 30%, outstanding shares between 144 and 150 million, GAAP earnings of $0.02 to $0.07 per share, and non-GAAP earnings about $0.17 to $0.20 per share. We expect more than 90% of the quarter’s revenue to come from backlog. For the full year, we are increasing our revenue, operating margin and earnings target. Revenue between $1.075 billion and $1.090 billion, on non-GAAP tax rate of 31%, outstanding shares between 144 and 150 million, GAAP earnings per share between $0.08 and $0.17, which includes the impact of approximately 66 million in stock-based compensation expense, and non-GAAP earnings per share between $0.68 and $0.74. This implies a non-GAAP operating margin of 12.5% to 13.5%, an increase from our previous target range. We expect to continue to see cash flow from operations to be greater than $175 million and over the next four quarters, we expect approximately $930 million of our beginning of quarter backlog to turn into revenue. More than 90% of our revenue for the remainder of fiscal ‘06 is already committed. In summary, I am pleased at our excellent execution this quarter and look forward to the rest of the year. With that I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Indeed. Well, thank you very much Mr. de Geus, Mr. Beattie for your time in that overview today, we do appreciate that. [Operator Instructions]. And first in queue, we go to the line of Harlan Sur with Morgan Stanley, please go ahead sir.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Thank you, and good afternoon. With respect to your Asia-Pac revenues declined for second quarter in a row, here in April. Just your thoughts in the business activities there and do you expect to return to growth soon?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, in general our Asia-Pac business is actually quite. And so, how revenue gets synchronized is a little bit of function of how the deals came in, what were the deals from the -- and it can vary from greatly from quarter to quarter. Having just been there literally -- what was it, two weeks ago, I can tell you that there is actually a lot of activity specifically in China and I also know that business -- some of the very large boundaries -- not just in Taiwan, are very strong.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks. Then, you talk about the 65nm project in your services business and I think last quarter you said that you had three in the pipeline. I am just wondering what are the issues or problems these customers are facing as they transition to this technology in mode?
Aart J. de Geus: Well there are very clear issues. Fundamentally, there are three; one is, at 65nm you have a lot of functionality therefore, verification is just a very, very large task. Secondly, at 65nm power is the toughest optimization criterion to meet while you simultaneously try to get to the speed and power is not just dynamic power but also leakage power. And third, as you move down towards the geometries -- now watching out for yield issues is essential and we have already today in our tools, quite a number of techniques to optimize full yield as we move even beyond 65 variations are going to become more important.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay and then one last question to you on IC Compiler. I know you talked about doubling of the installed base, can you just give us a rough idea of how many tapeouts your customers have completed using IC Compiler?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think we communicated the ones that we have authorization to communicate. People are still very reluctant to communicate where they are exactly with 65nm because they view it as quite competitive. We’ve had multiple tapeouts at this point in time, and so we are well versed in it and we are actually already moving to the next smaller geometry.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then last question for you Brian, on the accounts receivable, DSO’s jumped at about 17 days sequentially. Again, can you just help us understand that and were you to expect DSO’s to trend going forward?
Brian Beattie: Yeah, we had the 29 days in Q1 and then it went to 45 and when you look at the trend over the last eight quarters with us, we have been ranging -- really 29 was an absolute low, so this is really in line with our typical flows on receivables. It also just reflects an increase in our business activity in Q2 as well. So you know, we are in good shape, almost anything over 90 days appropriate for business against it and a big focus on cash and we will continue to drive it the range of 30 to 45 days, I think.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Aart J. de Geus: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you very much Mr. Sur. Next, representing Needham & Company we go the line Rich Valera, please go ahead, sir.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Thank you. Aart, in your comments you had talked about I think the overall semi-environment being stronger than it was three to six months ago, can you just talk about your confidence level like the overall EDA market will actually grow this year based on the stronger semi-environment?
Brian Beattie: Well you know, it’s difficult to see exactly what the others guys are going to do. We certainly feel that we are in a good position at this point in time by virtue of the technology that we have to offer, and by virtue of the fact that it’s almost like the race on technology is picking up again. You know, in many ways after the ’01 downturn people focus so much on costs for a while, and then that’s gradually shifted back into, “Well, how do you differentiate on products,” and now it feels like people are really racing for this technologies with more integration, we have more complex IT et cetera. All in all, I think the large EDA vendors have done okay, recently, and I think we just had a very good quarter.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: And Brian, the size of that base shift and can you give us any more granularity on that?
Brian Beattie: The customers really wouldn’t like us to disclose the amount of that particular transaction, but it was one-time. And you know, the range we have always identified as to be the 10% of the less of the quarter coming in, in terms of upfront revenue, so that pots us up to just over 9% and you know, we anticipate being less than that for the rest of the year.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Okay, that’s helpful. With respect to Vicki leaving, Aart, do you have any sense here -- plan to with someone internally, or do you actually plan to engage in a search to look outside as well?
Aart J. de Geus: Well you know, I think we need to work that out internally before we communicate that externally, but it is true that we have a very good team and right now we are already on Q3, so that’s where I would like to see them focus.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great. Just one final one, Brian, on Virtio, I just wanted to clarify, I think you said 50 million was the total potential. Can you say how much of that is upfront versus earn out, in over what period of time that earn out might be over?
Brain Beattie: Yeah, just to clarify the number, it’s 15 --
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Okay, thanks.
Brain Beattie: It’s $15 million and we have several million at the end of that over -- end of this -- roughly a one year period to determine what our final payments will be and we will start looking at that. The deal closed yesterday and we will start accounting for that here in Q3.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great, thanks very much guys.
Aart J. de Geus: You are welcome.
Operator: Okay, and thank you very much Mr. Valera. And our next question then, we go to the line of Jay Vleeschhower representing Merrill Lynch, please go ahead sir.
 Jay Vleeschhower - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, good afternoon. Aart, I would like to ask as well about IC Compiler. When you consider the results to-date into one of your production last year, are you seeing that in absolute or proportionate terms IC Compiler is growing within your overall pools with customers, but perhaps of the pool, DC or anything else might be perhaps declining in value, so that there is relatively little net increase in the total size of the pool, the run rates even with IC Compilers gaining momentum?
Aart J. de Geus: Well you know, we have obviously very complex pools where we have many tools. In general IC Compilers, I would say are right on track where we thought it would be in the anticipation of replacing PC-Astro to the tune of about 80% in three years. I believe that right now our engagements of IC Compilers versus PC-Astro are ruining about 4:1. And so that tells you immediately that’s only our field support audio gap) shifted there and you know, a hidden positive is that -- one of the reasons we have been able to shift well is that PC-Astro is doing very well as a product, and so that helps in terms of supporting them, but it’s very clear that the shift to IC compiler is moving.
Jay Vleeschhower - Merrill Lynch: Have you seen any examples where customer or customers has done a complete replacement thus far or migration from PC-Astro?
Aart J. de Geus: No, they typically -- well gradual, typically they start with one block and multiple blocks and then gradually a complete chip, and so we are now in the migration from multiple blocks to complete chip.
Jay Vleeschhower - Merrill Lynch: And with respect to the sales management change, it’s been quite a number of years I think five or more since you have a meaningful change like this in sales management. Whether it’s someone internal or external that you have put in this position, do you anticipate this as an opportunity maybe to make some kind of orientation or structural changes at all in sales, in terms of how you approach or manage global accounts, the field, pricing, product packaging, any of that sort of thing?
Aart J. de Geus: Well you know, whenever there is any management change anywhere in the company always look at the question of all the things that we could do definitely or is it the good time to ask the question if one would like to shift things. It is clear that the relationship with the global accounts is very important and very complex because these are large deals and they will continue to get a lot of attention. The other thing is that our selling is gradually moving more and more towards much more complete solution, and I think the good news is that Vicki prepared her team extremely well for an understanding of that, and in many ways I think we are well positioned by the way we do business today. Change is always an opportunity to change things that you wouldn’t do any more the same way five, six years ago and accelerate others.
Jay Vleeschhower - Merrill Lynch: Just a couple of last ones, you have highlighted in your comments to your strength in Japan again as you had in the previous calls since the summer, I assume that’s because we are now pretty much in the heart of the renewals of the Japan deals you did three years or so ago, so those names are now coming up in order. But again the typical run rate question, are you in fact seeing with those Japan deals which perhaps include any (inaudible) and the rest, are you in fact seeing meaningful increases upon the renewal?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, typically when I refer to strength, that’s exactly what I mean is the opportunity to grow the business. Obviously, sometimes there are ways of renewal, and whenever renewal come in -- and it’s always thankful that things went well, at the same time the objective is to grow the run rate with the company’s and in general I think Japan has been doing very well for us.
Jay Vleeschhower - Merrill Lynch: And in last, Brian, is there a measurable benefit benchmark from the new geographic disbursement of R&D? I mean, can you give us what the difference is perhaps over the last year from having made this headcount shift?
Brian Beattie: Yeah, I think you’ll see that as -- we indicated it at our Investor Day as well that we are leading in the industry relative to getting some top people in some of the lower cost geographies, and anticipate that by the end of this year about 29% of our employee base will be located in those geographies. We are staying this year a reduction in our average cost per employee and of course, that is one of the key deliverables to driving our operating margins and being able to increase our targets for this year to 12.5% to 13.5% and then to this 20% plus in ‘07.
Jay Vleeschhower - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Aart J. de Geus: You are welcome.
Operator: And thank you very much, Mr. Vleeschhower. Next representing Cowen & Company, we go to the line of Raj Seth, please go ahead sir.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.: Hi, thanks very much. Aart, on IC Compilers, you mentioned a lot of ongoing evaluations. I am curious how audio gap) there’s probably not a uniformly length of time that it takes, but how long does these typically take at least those first within your existing customer bay?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, the question is to always be triggered by what is the thing that makes them start. Typically it’s a few months and the starting point has to be the moment where they actually have a major (audio gap) ready to go out to play some roles. And so you know, there might be blocks readily available or they may be -- one needs to be waiting until that train arrives. Once one or more blocks (audio gap) things move up. Secondly, within the organization typically, there is one place where it starts. People do a block, then do a chip and then it’s scraped through the divisions, and so we have already a number of larger companies that are now completely committed to strutting to all of their division’s schedule. It typically takes -- I would say, 12 to 18 months.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.: Okay. You also mentioned some new logos, I think in the evaluation process. At this point in IC Compiler, are you generally, mostly focused on your current installed base? Are you beginning and feeling pull for evaluations in accounts where there has been competitive solutions as the incumbent solution? When do you think that starts happening if it isn’t yet?
Aart J. de Geus: Actually, a very good question because initially, invariably you start in your existing accounts because that not only reduces your own support cost, it is also accounts that you can work with as new product stabilizers. At this point in time, we have entered the phase where we are into accounts that before we were not in, we are a competitor was doing the (inaudible). That’s a good very sign because I think in once we are in, things will expand naturally and the new ones that’s clearly new opportunity space for us.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.: One last one if I might, as you talked a little bit about some of the phase-shift products. When Numerical, do you still license that technology they did it on a royalty basis, rate based royalties with folks like UMC and some others, are you still licensing that technology in that way? And are royalty meaningful in your financial results now or no?
Aart J. de Geus: Typically, there is only a small portion that’s part of the royalty equation, and yes we have some customers that do that. You know, we have swiftly learned the lesson that people love royalties for small volume. And so, it’s essentially pushing a rope with most of the customers and therefore we work mostly on our licensing bases, which makes a much better relationship with our customers.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.: Great. Thank you, Aart.
Aart J. de Geus: You are welcome.
Operator: And thank you very much, Mr. Seth. Our next in queue is Dennis Wassung representing Canaccord Adams, please go ahead.
 Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: Thank you. Actually, quick first follow on the phase-shift question, if you look at the design and manufacturing area in your revenue with 10% to 12% percent this quarter, up from 10, I think it was 10 in the last year and a half or so, are you seeing a -- I guess did you expect to see that percentage to keep moving higher or was that really kind of a one-time effect of this phase-shift deal you did in the quarter?
Aart J. de Geus: You know, there is some variability from quarter to quarter and so something like the phase-shifts deals can be fairly big blimp in a given quarter. In general though, it is clear that the whole connection down to silicon with the FM connection and its actually fairly broad, it extends into our implementation tools as well. We will grow in importance because a lot of the practical problems reside there. And so I would not be surprised even if it’s not necessarily from quarter to quarter all the time that gradually the DFM contribution to our company will increase, it’s one of the growth area for us.
 Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: And you talked about Proteus as well on the call, and a lot of -- the fact that 65nm is moving the Proteus, has that been -- I guess, steadily growing due to revenue for the company and I guess, can you quantify that at all and also on the (inaudible) side, is that something that you see as a growth market? I know it’s sort of an off and on, we’ve heard about the phase-shifting piece, but is that something that’s picking more I guess, more acceptance in the industry at this point?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, you just change your words a little bit. It’s not so much that Proteus is moving to 65nm, it’s that 65nm is moving into much more volume production. And yeah, in many ways we have to prepare Proteus already a long time ago, to make sure that it was completely ready and set it and optimize for these technologies, and now that the volume is increasing, the need for more copies increases with it. And so in that sense, it is well placed in the present needs set. I would say an aggregate -- all of DFM is doing very well for us, and as much as one can look at individual products, we have very much followed a strategy that tells how do you actually provide what increasingly is a complete DFM platform that ultimately has one objective; yield.
 Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: Okay, great. A couple of quick ones here, I guess first up on the operating margins targeted, you talked about 20% plus in fiscal ‘07, is that your target for the full fiscal year or is that to achieve it at some time during the year?
Aart J. de Geus: While we’ve been extremely consistent and said that it would be the second, we have also been consistent to say that it’s not limited to 20 percent, it could be higher but our commitment has been that we would arrive at 20% during the year.
 Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: Okay, great and I guess the last question, more of a macro question and I guess, environment question. Any changes in the pricing environments and you talked about the fact that you’ve finally come up to the customers and typically -- customers in general think (inaudible) in their markets volumes as well. Are you seeing that as any sort of expansion in their EDA budgets at this point or we do kind of fix with the vendor consolidation seeing just more money per Synopsys at these accounts? How would you kind of couch that, at this point?
Aart J. de Geus: It’s a little bit of both because we did know this up, there was actually a little bit more pricing pressure this quarter. At the same time, we also see I think that some of the budgets are growing and because we are seeing both, I think that is good for us. My suspicion is that some folks are getting a little bit more nervous about being around at the table when the deal is closed and as customers tend to focus on fewer suppliers and that’s what’s pushing the pricing a little bit. At the same time, we absolutely see a desire to grow the number of copies that customers have and that’s a good time for us.
 Dennis Wassung - Canaccord Adams: Great, thanks Aart.
Aart J. de Geus: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question, we go to the line of Mahesh Songenalia representing RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead sir.
 Mahesh Songenalia - RBC Capital Markets : Yes, I am calling for Stuart Muter. I’d like to go back to the question on the DFM. When I had looked at or talked to people that most DFM applications are OPC and TSM, is that a meaningful adoption for CMP? I know you mentioned that in your TSMC press release and also how about other more involved applications of the DFM like process variability -- process variability into design, I see -- elaborate on that, the adoption of that goals?
Aart J. de Geus: Sure well, yeah, actually one of the larger categories you did not mentioned that -- to be mentioned first, the TCAD -- and that has been a very good business for us and at least for us connected to TCAD is also the test chip business that helps calibrate what comes out of the manufacturing back into a variety of the tools. In regard to CMP that is a fairly narrow niche today that we will add capabilities gradually in our tools as they become necessary at the different geometries. Already today in our implementation tools we have techniques that compensate for what’s called some of the dishing problems due to CMP. So we are well connected to that, but we are looking really as a long collection of many, many techniques that all have to come together in a flow that ultimately either yield good yields or not and our objective clearly is to connect those things well together.
 Mahesh Songenalia - RBC Capital Markets : Is that CMP solution you have -- is it more tangible than just having designed kind of that you had it on the middle line or is it -- how does -- what I don’t understand is how is it that different from doing your modeling and coming up with design rules --
Unidentified Company Representative: May be we should take this question offline because it can go very deep technically. Very quickly, I would make two comments though, one is that some of the dishing issues can have profound impact on the stability of chips. In other words if you don’t compensate for them your chips just don’t work -- period. Secondly, some of those techniques affect the timing because the capacitance on the chip are not what you expected them to be. So these are just two aspects to it, but there are many-many more, and so if we can help at some point of time giving a little bit broader background we can put you in contact with the GM that is in charge of that and that’s handled the modeling and the optimization.
 Mahesh Songenalia - RBC Capital Markets : That will be great. I have a different question, how should we look at year over year growth in sort of aside -- looking at the last two quarters it’s I would say trending down from ’05 -- ’06 over ’05, is that going to be the trend going forward?
Unidentified Company Representative: You know, well on the services, firstly its actually quite a bit variability quarter to quarter because of whenever the milestones are reached you know, whenever projects are finished. Secondly, we have purposely not grown the service business very much as we are driving the profitability of the company and services is not at the higher end of what we do. However, it’s very important and that’s really has helped pioneer and drive forward some of the new technologies. So its the business that is essential but not growing very rapidly, so I think you know flattish is probably the best prediction here.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, maybe I could add some on this -- on the numbers related to that. What you have to look at in the ’06 is really the completion of the model transition where maintenance is typically included in our time based license activity compared to several years back when the upfront and the maintenance fees was separated out. So this is a pretty consistent level and to add to what I said, we are (inaudible) our service team be pretty busy these days and work in a lot of new activity.
 Mahesh Songenalia - RBC Capital Markets : Thanks a lot.
Unidentified Company Representative: You are welcome.
 Mahesh Songenalia - RBC Capital Markets : And next we go to the line of Rohit Pandey, representing HSBC Securities. Please go ahead, sir.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC: Thank you, Aart or Brian, when I actually look at the TBL line on the income statement, that revenue from TBL declined slightly, less than $2 million though, but -- but I am trying understand why should this line go down?
 Brian Beattie: Yeah, it’s a -- we identify back in Q1 that there was one payment that was in the area of $4 million to $5 million, which we consider a due and payable accounts, so revenues recognized when the amount of billings are due and that was $4 million to $5 million. If you look over a trend period, that trend is continuing to go up and also if you exclude that from Q1, you can see a really nice progression from, you know Q3, Q4 and then to Q1 and Q2. So we are seeing an nice progression, but there is just the one time transaction identifying Q1, which was categorized as a TBL license appropriately.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC: And so about a $4 million -- $5 million transaction in Q1, which was not a three year transaction, but was a TBL?
 Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer: It was a TBL, but they -- they don’t have it very often, its really one where a payment stream is negotiated with the customer and because they extend beyond the one year period, that revenue is recognized when the cash is payable and that was $4 million to $5 million in Q1 of this one customer.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC: Okay, and then when I look at revenue from backlog for the next two or quarters, that number has gone up from $890 million to about $930 million from Q1 to Q2, so an improvement of about $40 million. So the visibility has gone up, but this $40 million, is it driven by better bookings in this quarter or is it driven by more amortization coming in from the extra quarter, now you have -- now that you are already at Q2 so one more quarter for amortization?
 Aart J. de Geus: Yeah, I think again we continue to have the most predictable visibility to our revenue streams going forward, its a very significant number. As you saw we have also more than 90% of Q3 revenue completed and also more than 90% of the rest of the year -- the next six months fully completed as well. So the extra visibility is something we have continued to build and it was a -- it was a good quarter, I mean our bookings are strong, the business is strong for the quarter and allowed us to build up that. That backlog is going be profiled over the next four quarters.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC: But what drove it more? Was it that $40 million increase -- was it driven more by bookings in the current -- in the reported quarter, or because you have one more –- I mean because you reporting ahead -- another four quarters of backlog?
Brian Beattie: Yeah, its -- its really about, it’s just the strong -- a strong quarter that continues to build and takes a new accounts -- the new business already been contracted for the next 12 months that’s already been factored in. So a very good nice strong growth.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC: Okay, and how big was the team acquired -- how many people?
Aart J. de Geus: I think -- more like 35, yeah.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC: 35?
Aart J. de Geus: Yeah
Rohit Pandey - HSBC: And again, remind me where are they based?
Aart J. de Geus: They are based here in Silicon Valley and (inaudible) I believe and partially and -- and Great Britain.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC: Okay.
Aart J. de Geus: There’s a small group in Texas too.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC: Okay, so that would offset somewhat your move to the -- geometries?
Aart J. de Geus: I think well not too well across geometries but maybe geographies. Well, you know, we are in all of these locations with the exception of (inaudible) so the move to smaller -- to lower cost geometries -- the lower cost geographies is a gradual one and we use every attrition as an opportunity to sort of revisit, should we replace at the same place or if we can move, and we’re very conscious to want make sure that we maintain a very effective continuation of product developing, business picture etc., but it is very gradual.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC: How big do you estimate this ESL market to be and what are the growth you are kind of starting to see in this segment?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, one of the reasons that we’ve been fairly low key about this is that we want to spend a lot more time looking at this entire market. You know, ESL has been such an unexplained word and so misused by so many parties in the past to set expectations that were either close to zero or close to infinite, that -- it’s just not a very useful way to define things. Maybe the best way to present it that is we’ve always said that our move towards system design would be through the building blocks of IP where we have a strong position. We are gradually -- with the IP comes more and more embedded software, with the collections of IP comes more and more the need for platforms to tied it together and well this year there is really an opportunity to move from our IP collections, to our verification IP, to now system IP and that is I think a very elegant way to start touching the embedded software developers.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC: On the expenses, this one is for Brian. The original goal was to keep the expenses flat. Now that you expect them to go up some -- about 2.5% for this year so what are the basic operational challenges you are facing when you try to lower the cost further down, like you know, I mean you have done a good job in controlling expenses, but it’s a little higher than what you thought it would be originally. So, what are the fundamental problems you are facing there?
Brian Beattie: Yeah, well I would say first of all, recognizing that our business is growing now in the baseline of guidance at 8.5% to 10% and that as you see a growth of approximately 2.5% in spending, that’s basically a 4:1. So it’s -- you know minimize the spending while you can really drive through the revenue in the higher level of business. So what we are seeing in the rest of the year is number one, our compensation for overachieving the plans in both booking revenue and earnings, of course it has to be taken into account as it go through the rest of the year. We have a small increase there now associated with the Virtio acquisition that we closed yesterday, really mostly driven towards higher specific spending and at the same time the course continue to lower the ongoing cost. So it’s just something -- basically you call a direct cost, they grow with the incremental level of business and again we’ve now been able to increase our operating margin as we just did from 12% to 13% now to the range of 12.5% to 13.5% for this year. So getting closer to the target that we’ve been establishing for next year as well.
Operator: Thank you very much Mr. Pandey. [Operator Instructions]. Next representing Deutsche Bank we go to the line of Tim Fox, please go ahead.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Thank you, good afternoon. First question, Aart, you had some very nice growth in the discovery platform and the DFM, but the Galaxy growth had been in kind of a low-single digits here for a couple of quarters. When do you anticipate you will start to see some year-over-year growth in the Galaxy platform and you know, where can we see that for the full year?
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think that if there is a growth opportunity it would be more towards in the second half or early next year as some of the products that we have rolled out do better and better. Revenue varies quite a bit from quarter to quarter, so I wouldn’t be able to say that its systematic. The other thing is you know the position in Galaxy helps our DFM position, the DFM position helps our Galaxy position, and so in that sense as much as we report in these major categories we ourselves always question ourselves if it’s the right thing to do given that you know there are quite a number of interdependencies. Nonetheless I think you know the core of the business is now very solid, and I think with the markets up and technology strong we should be able to do well.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and the second question is around backlog growth, you talked in the beginning of the year about your intention to grow backlog for the full year and given the three quarters that you reported here with bookings ahead of plan, I’m wondering if you could comment on whether you still do intend to grow backlog for the full year and whether you are willing to quantify that at this point?
Aart J. de Geus: So the answer is yes to the first which is, yes we are continuing to be every much on target in growing backlog and what we’ve said is that we would give you the backlog numbers at the end of each fiscal year as being the most meaningful and -- but so far I think we are very well on track and now the reason we are raising guidance on a variety metrics is because things have become much more solids rather than less.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Very good, that’s all I have, thank you.
Aart J. de Geus: Thank you, Tim.
Operator: And thank you very much sir, and next we go to the line of Matthew Petkun with D. A. Davidson & Co, please go ahead.
Matthew Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co: Hi, thank you for taking my call and of course most of my questions had been answered. I’m curious actually on the Virtio acquisition, you guys sort of had a chance to try before you buy having, I believe integrated that product suite with your Discovery platform last year, how many customers do you have currently working with Virtio and you know kind of what are your expectation for growth in that business for the next couple of years?
Aart J. de Geus: There are a number very important, very large customers working with Virtio, and you’re absolutely right, we had the opportunity to try it out so to speak or to be close to it and saw the impact. I think Virtio at this point had communicated already that they were doing business with CI and Freescale, but of those companies of course have very, very strong broad system on chip platforms that benefit greatly from this type of technology. And so it is precisely because we saw the impact and we knew that this was a very good team that we felt this would be a very good addition, and the complimentarity with our existing system tools and our IP I think is really remarkable. So from that perspective -- this is actually, for right still a small announcement but I think has the potential to be very important as we move now much more in to this general system or in better software arena.
Matthew Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co: Okay, and then others have sort of asked the question in a variety of ways, but the bulk of your DFM business came from OPC, what’s going with the integration of HPL and how do you see the market for really yield enhancement -- you know, starting to unfold and do you get customers coming out to you for that -- you know technology or is it more still about just you know, getting the design done on the chip?
Aart J. de Geus: Yeah, first -- and different people give different titles to their CEO, not always correctly but we still put TCAT in the general arena of design for manufacturing although it’s really much more -- you know tools for manufacturing. Presently, we have other products that share the factoring products cap that had gone very well. And third, on the HPL acquisition, that is moving along very nicely because it’s connecting to so many things that we do, and as a matter of fact we are already working with some key fables semiconductors vendors to see if we can help them connect better to their foundries and thus first diagnose and then improve their yield. So this is all part of a very simple to safe strategy which is, how do you close the loop on yield, in practice of course there are many pieces, but so far all the pieces appear to be right in place.
Matthew Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co: Okay. Maybe the more direct question is, you are working with those customers in regards to HPL, but have you figured out how to get paid for that?
Aart J. de Geus: The answer is yes.
Matthew Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co: Okay, great thank you so much, nice quarter.
Aart J. de Geus: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you Mr. Petkun. We go to the line now with Mr. Colio representing J. P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Colio - J. P. Morgan: Hi, guys I will make my question quick here -- two specifically. First on the guidance, correct me if I’m wrong, but to seems like the Q3 guidance as well as the four years seems to imply a roughly flat Q4 and I just wanted some more color on that. Second question was, just another clarification on the PSM customer that you had, was that indeed the 10% customer as well? That’s all I have.
Aart J. de Geus: On the second question, the answer is no. That was not a 10% customer. In terms of flatness for the year, we have raised the overall number a little bit -- you know quarter to quarter things can vary quite a little bit. We do feel that the first half was stronger than originally planned, therefore we feel more solid about projecting the ending, but the variability on Q4 invariably tends to be fairly large, therefore we are going to careful on how we set the target and we will do at next quarter.
Colio - J. P. Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Colio - J. P. Morgan: You are most welcome.
Operator: And thank you very much Mr. Colio, well with then Mr. de Geus, Mr. Beattie, I’m going to turn the call back to you, there are no further question.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, thank you very much for participating today, as usual Lisa, Brian, and myself will be available after the call, and I think we are looking back on a strong quarter and looking forward to a very solid outlook, thank you.
Operator: And Ladies and Gentlemen, Mr. de Geus is making today’s conference available for digitized replay, its for two full weeks starting at 5:30pm Pacific Daylight Time May 17th all the way through 11:59 pm May 31st. To access AT&T’s Executive Replay Service, please dial 800-475-6701. At the voice prompt enter today conference ID of 827525. And that does conclude our Earnings Report for this Second Quarter, thank you very much for your participation, as well as for using AT&T’s Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-02-20 06:45:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Ewbank. Vice President of Investor Relations   Dr. Aart de Geus, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rich Valera, Needham & Company   Harlan Sur, Morgan Stanley   Eshton Emedia, RBC Capital Markets   Dennis Wassung, Canaccord Adams Research   Raj Seth, SG Cowen & Company   Jay Vleeschhouwer, Merrill Lynch   Rohit Sandy ,HSBC Securities
Operator: Welcome to Synopsys Incorporated Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter Fiscal Year 2006. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. If you should require assistance during the call, please press the "*" followed by "0" on your phone. Today's call will last one hour. Five minutes prior to the end of the call, I will announce the amount of time remaining in the conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Lisa Ewbank, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ewbank. Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Leah. Good afternoon everyone. With us today are Aart de Geus, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Synopsys and Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer. During the course of this call, Synopsys may make predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements regarding the Company. While these statements represent our best current judgment about future performance and events, the Company's actual performance is subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that may be projected. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the call, important factors that may affect our future results are described in our quarterly rep, in our annual report on Form 10K, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and in our first quarter fiscal year 2006 earnings release. Both of these documents are available on our website. In addition, we would like to advise you that all financial information to be discussed on this call, as well as the reconciliation of the nonGAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in our first quarter earnings release and financial supplement. Both of these documents are available on our website www.synopsys.com. With that, I'd like to turn the conference over to Aart de Geus.
Dr. Aart de Geus, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I am pleased to report that our Q1 of fiscal 2006 was another very solid quarter from three perspectives. First, business came in notably above our targets driven primarily by digital implementation, design to manufacturing and functional verification. Second, our technology is very strong and winning business. We continue to have excellent success in technical benchmarks, we see more evaluations and customer adoptions and there is visible momentum with our new products. Third, we executed very well against our financial goals. We met or exceeded all our financial targets and we're making steady progress on increasing our profitability and with the experience and perspective of our new Chief Financial Officer, Brian Beattie, we are poised to drive the Company to the next level of execution. Let me begin with some financial highlights. Revenue was $260.2 million at the high end of guidance with nonGAAP earnings at $0.18 per share exceeding our target range due mainly to the timing of some short-term items. Operating margin was higher than planned at 14.4%, giving us a good start towards our 2006 annual target off 12% to 13% and our stated 2007 target of 20 plus percent. We continue to have the most predictable license model in the industry with Q1 one up-front orders at just 6%, and our balance sheet and cash flow are strong. Let me move on to our page two of business starting with the overall environment. The landscape remains solid. Our chip integration is increasing driven mainly by the cost imperative of consumer products. Also increasing is the quest for higher speed and lower power. Those factors, plus growing design complexity fuel the need for more sophisticated EDA Solutions. All of these trends have a positive implication for Synopsys. Our customers are driving for performance, productivity, and predictability. These three drivers are the guiding principles behind Synopsys technology and support making us a valuable partner. One recent example was a very large consumer electronics company which shows us as a preferred vendor consolidating its implementation and verification solutions on Synopsys. In Q1, they made a large multi-year commitment to us with built-in future growth. We are helping them move their design flow to 65-nanometer with a strong emphasis on low power. They are also rapidly adopting our latest verification technologies. They plan to fully benefit from our integrated design flow. The three guiding principles of performance, productivity and predictability merits some additional comments. Chip, or system, performance is vital to our customers. At the end of the day if you can get the power or the speed you need you can't go to market. That is why the most demanding chips in the world today are largely done with Synopsys. Productivity, measured in both design and manufacturing efficiency, is more important than ever due to the increased focus on cost. In the last few quarters we have delivered quantifiable productivity improvements to our customers. Lastly, predictability is crucial. For customers it means meeting or missing their short-term windows. Let's look at how these principles benefited our business in Q1. First, our galaxy implementation platform was again strong and came in above target. IC Compiler had impressive performance and productivity gains; 8% to 10% better timing, area, and power and 40% to 50% faster time to results. The impact is already visible. Multiple paypal's were completed including a multi-core DSP system on chip for telecom application at Agere, and an ultra low power version of ST's nomadic multi-media processor. As announced this morning ST is now deploying IC Compiler on advanced 65 nanometer multi-media designs. In addition, more tapeouts are already in the pipeline and we have now have active evaluations or adoptions at nearly all of our top customers. We are leading the majority of our implementation engagements with IC Compiler and field support and physical design is at maximum capacity. In other words, our product ramp is well on track. In synthesis, our new design compiler is driving gains in predictability with layout correlation within 5% to 15% and in performance, with 5% to 10% better timing. In its first full quarter of availability, DC is winning benchmarks and has already seen adoptions by several leading customers. Our unique capabilities in low power continue to drive business. With the industry's first comprehensive multi-voltage flow, our customers have successfully completed a dozen low-power high- end tapeouts. During the quarter we joined UMC in announcing a 90 nanometer reference design flow optimized for low power. Based on galaxy, it not only addresses leakage pile challenges but also provides advanced yield enhancements. Designs of 65-nanometer and below require advanced solutions, and the number of customers are aggressively moving to those geometries. At this time we're tracking 161 active 65 nanometer designs and tapeouts have more than doubled since last quarter with 52 to date. The majority of those tapeouts use Synopsys physical tools. Verification, low power and yield optimization are the key success factors that led customers to Synopsys as their partner of choice. Now, to manufacturing where we have another excellent quarter. Business was notably above planned. Customers recognized both the breadth of our solution and our unmatched roadmap to create a bridge between design and manufacturing. As the necessity of this bridge and advanced designs becomes clear this new growth market has become an important part of our business. Our unique position is making a difference in our technical and business engagements. In mass optimization our leading-edge proteus customers expanded their installed bases of their 65 nanometer volume production ramped up. NEC adopted our mass technology to produce its high performance 65 nanometer processor and logic chips. Our run time improvements are enabling success at 45 nanometer competitive evaluations. In the process area, TCAD did very well. Synopsys is the leading choice for development technology and manufacturing predictability. The newly integrated Centura solution provides superior modeling to help customers like Toshiba and Fairchild improve their productivity. Finally, in Q1 we closed the acquisition of HPL. HPL brings us a small but exciting piece of the puzzle. Test chip technology that allows us to calibrate our entire flow with manufacturing reality. The integration is going very well and we are already seeing pull-through to our other products. Discovery, our verification platform, had another strong quarter driven by both digital and analog mixed signal. Both came in above plan. As many of you know we have been investing for several years in next-generation verification with support for systems analog. The language is more efficient than previous generations resulting in better productivity. Synopsys solution, which combines systems analog with other languages, as well as with simulation and native test bench technology, has 5X faster performance and is winning every head to head benchmark. More than 150 customers have already adopted our solution including AMCC, which is a global leader in network and embedded power pc processing. We saw utilization growing rapidly in 2006, putting us in a strong position to lead the next wave of verification productivity. Now to IP and services. As customers move to larger, more complex chips, IP reuse is becoming even more important. Using high-quality commercial IP blocks improves customer productivity and reduces risk. As a result, analysts predict higher growth in IP than in the core EDA sectors of implementation and verification. Over the past several years Synopsys has developed a most comprehensive portfolio of high-quality digital and analog connectivity IP especially cores like USB and PCI express. Our USB family, of course, is very strong with one consumer electronic company recently using up its large USB pool faster than anticipated and signing up for substantial replenishment. We continue to expand our portfolio including analog IP. For example in December we announced new multi-protocol analog cores for tiers in season X's, 90 nanometer and 130 nanometer processes. Our PCI express solution, which includes both digital controllers and analog side is the first production ready SCI IP to gain official certification, for TSNP's 90 nanometer process. And, last month we launched a new USB 2.0 nano file which provides the industry's best combination of low power and smallest area optimized for yield. This is analog IP core is aimed at embedded mobile, portable and low power applications. In services a noteworthy highlight was the completion of three, 65 nanometer designs for wireless handsets and consumer wireless chips. Our service offering focuses on state of the art design so it is highly differentiated and in demand. We actually had to push some business out of Q1, because we were at high utilization rates. In conclusion, we had a very strong quarter on all key measures. Business was notably higher than target, our technology was very strong in performance, productivity, and predictability, and we executed well on our financial goals. With that, I am pleased to turn the call over to Brian for the financial update and guidance.
Brian Beattie, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Aart. Let me start by saying that I am very happy to be part of the Synopsys team and look forward to helping drive the Company forward. Now let's look at the quarter's results. As a reminder I will be discussing certain GAAP and nonGAAP measures of our financial performance. We have provided a full reconciliation in the press release and financial supplement posted on our website. As Aart mentioned we had a solid quarter in all respects. Beginning with revenue. Total revenue for the quarter was $260.2 million, an 8% increase year over year and the fifth straight quarter of revenue growth. Our revenue mix remains quite stable with licenses at 84% and services which includes maintenance and consulting at 16%. License revenue was split 96% ratable and 4% up front. The increase in ratable revenue was driven up in part by approximately $4 million from one contract that was recognized on a payment terms basis, similar to Q1 of last year. As expected greater than 95% of Q1 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog. From a product perspective, 78% of revenue came from our core Galaxy design and discovery verification solutions. 17% came from our IP and manufacturing businesses and 5% came from professional services. Geographically, quarterly business varies primarily due to customer mix, more so than the underlying economic strength of the region. Having said that, Japan was definitely the strongest region in the quarter in terms of orders. Revenue distribution remained stable with 54% from North America, 16% each from Europe and Japan, and 14% from Asia Pacific. One customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue in the quarter. GAAP earnings for the quarter were $0.01 per share with expenses totaling $258 million. GAAP results include $17 million of amortization of intangible assets, and $18.4 million of stock based compensation expenses in compliance with FAS123R. NonGAAP earnings per share were a solid $0.18 reflecting our continued focus on operational discipline and the benefits of some one time expense impact. Q1, nonGAAP expenses of $223 million, decreased 6% sequentially and where notably below planned, reflecting timing related items associated with very high Q4 business levels, vacation associated with the holiday shut down, and delayed hiring. Q1 also saw positive currency impact of approximately $1 million. Other income net for the quarter was less than $1 million, a sequential decrease due primarily to pre-funding of our charitable foundation. The nonGAAP tax rate was 31%. We continue to execute well on contract mix with 94% product orders in the quarter both with time based licenses and only 6% booked up front. The average length of our renewable customer license commitments remained very healthy at approximately 2.7 years. Now turning to cash. Operating cash flow was approximately $20 million in Q1 reflecting the expected payout of fiscal 2005 commissions and bonuses. Capital expenditures were approximately $8 million. Cash and short-term investments totaled approximately $514 million, an expected decrease from Q4 driven by stock repurchases and payout of the 2005 commissions and bonuses. We also repurchased 3.9 million shares of our stock during the quarter for $81 million, at an average price of $20.92. We have approximately $355 million left on our authorization and will continue to evaluate the best use of cash each quarter, including Company operations, investments, and stock repurchases. Q1, net accounts receivable totaled $84 million, an expected decrease from last quarter driven by very good cash collections and some cyclicality. DSOs were excellent; they came in at 29 days, down from 36 days last quarter. Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $514 million, a substantial increase sequentially due primarily to a large customer paying a year in advance. And, that payment will roll off of deferred revenue throughout the year. Headcount totaled 5,079 employees at the end of Q1, a sequential increase due primarily to the HPL acquisition and continued additions in lower-cost geographies. We expect this continued globalization to result in lower cost per employee in 2006. Before I turn to guidance I wanted to spend a moment on my initial priorities and actions. I have been on board now for about five weeks and during that time have gained confidence in the great team, very predictable business model, and the Company's future. My priorities for the first 100 days are number one, to get a good handle on the financials and expectations going forward, number two, to analyze the operations of the Company, and finally to focus on cost management within Synopsys. All three are off to a good start. In particular we have already put in programs in place to drive improvements in operating margins from 7% in 2005 to 12% to 13% this year. We're on track to driving further improvements to 20 plus percent in 2007. Now, looking forward to Q2 in fiscal 2006. In general we expect modest sequential quarterly revenue growth through the remainder of the year with costs and expenses for the year flat to slightly up from 2005. At this point, R&D and sales and marketing expenses are expected to increase to a more typical level in Q2 with G&A declining slightly through the year. For the second quarter our targets are revenue between $262 million, and $270 million, total GAAP expenses between $263 million, and $276 million, which includes approximately $18 million of stock compensation expense. Total nonGAAP expenses between $233 million, and $243 million, other income and expense between $0, and $4 million, a nonGAAP tax rate of 31%, outstanding shares between 144, and 150 million shares, GAAP bottom line results of a loss of $0.02 per share to a profit of $0.03 per share, and nonGAAP earnings of $0.13 to $0.17 per share. We expect more than 90% of the quarter's revenue to come from backlog. Now for the full year. Our nonGAAP targets are unchanged. While GAAP EPS changed slightly to reflect the HPL acquisition. Revenues between $1.055 billion, and $1.085 billion, a nonGAAP tax rate remaining at 31%, outstanding shares between 144, and 150 million, GAAP EPS between $0.05 and $0.17, which includes the impact of approximately $68 million in stock based compensation expense, and nonGAAP EPS between $0.65, and $0.73. We continue to expect cash flow from operations to be greater than $175 million for the year. Over the next four quarters we expect approximately $890 million of our beginning of quarter backlog to turn to revenue. Finally, more than 85% of our revenue for the remainder of fiscal 2006 is already committed. In summary, I am excited about the Company's outlook going forward. And with that, I will turn the call to the operator for questions.
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - Rich Valera: Thank you. Good afternoon. Aart, can I assume that your comment about business being ahead of plan is essentially talking about booking?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: It is, it is talking about booking, it is talking about pretty much all of the other metrics as well. Obviously we make the plan for the year and against that plan we did well. From that perspective it feels pretty good.
Q - Rich Valera: Great, and it sounds like in your three major product categories your, I'll say probably your bookings were ahead of planned but you kept the full-year revenue guidance unchanged. Is that just sort of conservatism, because we're still early in the year?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: That is exactly right. This is the first quarter, the first quarter tends to be a little bit after the big Q4 and our sense is typically we try to not change any plans after the first quarter. We look at things after Q2.
Q - Rich Valera: And with respect to IC Compiler, in the past you have been asked how this compares to the physical compiler, the PC Astro upgrade cycle, I guess you didn't really have very detailed information. Is there any comparison you might care to take at this time in terms of how this might compare to that PC Astro upgrade cycle?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: In general it feels like a very solid upgrade cycle, meaning that, maybe we have just gotten a little bit better over of the years in terms understanding the quality level, understanding the differentiation of the new product versus the old ones but also understanding how people gradually migrate. And so the migration is well on track. You may recall that, I think about three or four quarters ago we told you our estimate was that 80% of PC Astro would migrate over in the 3-year period; we are still very much on track of that and at this point, the evidence that was visible early on of both performance improvements and, most importantly, productivity improvement is holding true very much so and, I think, we are on a good quality track. Lastly, the other observation is we had, I think, mentioned to you that in Q1 we would roll out already the next version of IC Compiler, that that version would be more complete in replacing the combo PC Astro, that was executed like clockwork. So, that really went out on time and from that perspective, people can start migrating to completely move over from PC Astro while at the same time PC Astro itself is doing well, because all the advanced chips have been delivered with that combo.
Q - Rich Valera: And just one more. On the share count, Brian, what was the ending share count for the quarter as opposed to the average share count?
A - Brian Beattie: Let me just see here. We are at 146969.
Q - Rich Valera: Great, and I noticed you bought back almost 4 million shares, your average share count still went up by pretty, by almost 2 million shares, do you have a sense of the profile of the options going forward, in other words, if the stock goes up to say 25, do we have another 6 million shares of options? Do you have any feel for how that, how much sensitivity there is to stock price with respect to the options that will come into the diluted share count?
A - Brian Beattie: Yes. We're looking at that. The share count did not increase significantly from one quarter to the next. Clearly, there is going to be a little bit of a minor creep up in the way the fully diluted share count is included with the price increasing that therefore there would be more of the stock in the money, more of the options in the money and using the Treasury method, we would see a higher number of fully diluted shares outstanding.
Q - Rich Valera: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Harlan Sur from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Q - Harlan Sur: Thanks, good afternoon and nice job on the top line in expense controls. First question for you, Aart, semi industry EDA's under consolidation appears to becoming more pervasive and the large consumer electronics customer you mentioned is a good example of that. In this particular instance, I was just curious, maybe you can tell us how many EDA suppliers they currently support and how much they hope to pare that back by.
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: Well, you know the answer always starts with: they support everybody. All of the large companies have somewhere, somebody who spends some money in a more less controlled fashion and sometimes it's for very good reasons, because a competitor may have something that is useful. Typically, what people would like to do is to reduce the number of suppliers. They are not always completely committed to go to a single supplier just to make sure that we stay on; that is sort of their terminology. They are very much driven by productivity increasingly rather than just by cost savings. For those cases, I think it will typically go down to probably about two players.
Q - Harlan Sur: Okay, great, thanks. And then on the manufacturing front I have been hearing a lot of discussion from the semi companies about the need for better processing needs, a better process to transistor, process to correlation is especially at the technology nodes below 90 nanometers. I was just wondering how does the enforced platform that you talked about take advantage of this opportunity?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: I think it is not a surprise that for the smaller geometries, there needs to be much more correlation and the correlation has multiple dimensions, but it starts immediately with timing, because if you can't predict your timing well, then your chips are not going to work and so that it is what driving things to design. But Hauer is right behind that, because the two trade off. The other thing that is interesting is with the smaller geometries, a degree of variability to all of those numbers is impacted by your yield objectives. And so, where Centralis falls in is that it helps people really simulate not only their process but also the devices being built at these geometries and there we are already involved in 32 nanometer, for example, which is still far away from design. But is being optimized right now. Lastly, I would highlight HPL acquisition as a very nice way to bring together simulation which is really the calculation of what is going to happen with the chip testing that allows us to correlate as well with the actual physical reality. All of that adds significantly to the degree of confidence that people can have using Synopsys tools as if being able to predict what is going to happen in manufacturing.
Q - Harlan Sur: Okay. Thanks. And, I guess along those same lines with regards to the HPL acquisition, I know that there was another product segment; you mentioned the test chip solutions, you also had some yield analysis software, I'm just wondering is the synopsis going to continue to focus on the yield analysis software, or are you just going to redirect those resources to other projects?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: It is a mixture of the two. We have worked well with other companies like PDF that are very strong in that area. I think we provide very much a continuum with folks like that. We are very much interested in all of the yield issues that pertain directly, of course, to the design flow. Some of that we will absolutely continue, others we will tune up. The HPL acquisition was first and foremost centered around sort of closing the loop on yield all the way from the design tools to the hard core manufacturing.
Q - Harlan Sur: Okay. Thank you for that. And then my last question is for Brian. With the increase of total expenses year, in Q2 going up to about $238 million at the midpoint of the range, how much of that is related to the headcount additions from HPL, and again if you can remind us starting from Q2 how do you expect the OpEx to trend for the remainder of the year?
A - Brian Beattie: Okay. Good question. Overall for the year as we look at the 2006 spending we're seeing that the costs are pretty well flat, to just slightly up for the year. What we see in Q2 is a really a point where it peaks out in the second quarter, Q1 came in light on spending given the profile we had in the fourth quarter, leading into the first, and then Q2 is forecast to be a higher level of spending just taking into account full-year expenses and compensation increases and so in that were put in place last year; and from that of point on throughout the balance of the year we're seeing expenses again flat to slightly down. So, again, recommitted on a operating margin level from 12% to 13% for the year. So, again, with revenue visibility and the expense profile we've got in place the Company is committed and the team is committed to driving the operating margin, of almost doubling year over year.
Q - Harlan Sur: The HPL the headcount addition, is that a minimal impact to OpEx?
A - Brian Beattie: It sure is. It is not a significant impact to the operating expense for the year.
Q - Harlan Sur: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Stuart Muter from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Q - Eshton Emedia: Yes, this is Eshton Emedia for Stuart Muter. I just would like to follow up on that vendor consolidation question. If you netted on to two vendors and because of the complex software, you think it is likely that a customer would choose just one supplier, I guess, across the customer spectrum, somebody chooses just for all of the complete solution end to end other than kind of mix and match of different solutions?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: There is no simple answer to that partially, because every customer has a very different profile both in terms of sometimes their needs and certainly in terms of their history. What is clear is that from a productivity point of view and because of that related cost point of view there is substantial benefit in making sure that many of your tools work extremely well together and are orchestrated to truly reduce the amount of effort it takes to finish a chip. And that is, in perspective of EDA industry, relatively new. For many, many years, we were in a scene that was very much competing just on point tools; point tools are still important, but from a productivity point of view the overall solution is clearly now the bigger factor. From that perspective I think we're going to see an increase move to fewer vendors. Does that mean that there won't be some individual contributors that provide some of points of opportunity? Probably always a number of those but the majority will focus on key relationships.
Q - Eshton Emedia: On that front can you talk a little bit on your product portfolio if you were to position as a complete solution which piece of your puzzle is weaker and you need work and what you're doing about it say, versus visible flow versus custom flow or even visible flow physical layout tool, can you just go over a little bit and see where we need some work?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: Certainly. Starting with some of the highlights, obviously from advanced digital flow we feel that we are in a very strong position, because we cover every piece extremely well all the way down to deep manufacturing and therefore can optimize for yield and are well-positioned for the smaller geometries. The area of that I think we still need to put more effort in is custom design and in custom design there, on the verification side we are actually doing very, very well, in our verification solution to, be it on the digital side be it on the analog side or be it on the analog mixed signal side, is very strong, and last quarter was again ahead of planned so doing well. That leaves the area of custom implementation where there is strong competition and over time you will see us do more. Last but not least, looking upwards towards the systems side, we also have a set of very unique capability, specifically in IP some of the services, some of the system tools that allow us to have a much better understanding of what people do with very large chips. The set of puzzle pieces as we look at them has been accumulated to be complete and has been optimized to be well connected and that is where the terms productivity and predictability are absolutely ones that we shine at.
Q - Eshton Emedia: I don't know if you can take a guess at what percent of the customer currently are using 80% of more or one solution, you referred to one consumer electronics customer, what would you think that percent is in, and what do you see that trending for the next five years?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: This is an extremely difficult question largely, because the number of customers try to obfuscate that picture. We've had a number of customers that have aligned more and more with us and don't necessarily want the rest of the world to know, because in their transitions they when the other competitors to keep supporting them. I think it remains to be seen how quick that shift is going to occur. What is clear to me though is that as we can demonstrably illustrate the productivity benefits in measurable fashion, higher levels of management are clearly trying to drive towards picking a vendor that they can build on for the future. That also connects well to the silicon and has a perspective that allows them to be very complex chips.
Operator: And our next question is from Dennis Wassung from Canaccord Adams Research. Please go ahead.
Q - Dennis Wassung: Thank you. A few questions. First, you talked about the operating margin target going out to fiscal 2007 being the 20% plus range. I just wanted to confirm that's for the full year and not just to reach it at some point during the year.
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: We have not confirmed that. We have said during the year. We will see where we end up. Right now, we are on a very good track, I think, of pushing an ops margin. One of the things that we have been careful with is to try to commit strongly to things that we saw a clear pathway towards. What you should hear from my words is that maybe more than in years past we have really focused on this as one of the core competences of the Company, and with Brian on board we can push even more in that direction, so I feel comfortable that we are heading in the right direction.
Q - Dennis Wassung: Okay, and I guess for I guess sort of a follow-on there, do you, in terms of a revenue growth expectation, do you see, do you see a certain level of revenue growth that you need to get there or is the commitment sort of to take care of on the cost side of the equation regardless?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: It's really a combination of the two. Clearly with the backlog that we have, and you may recall that we communicate that once a year and that was last quarter of over $1.9 billion, we have very good insight as to what the revenue ramp looks like. That is one of the components. The other component is that we are actively looking at how to manage our expenses really well. The combination of the two give us a higher degree of insurance that we're well on track so far.
Q - Dennis Wassung: Okay. Great. And, a quick question on the pricing environment, the credit and pricing environment. How has that changed? Has it gotten any easier or any better, easier is probably not the right word, but are there any areas that you are seeing that are better or worse than others?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: It has been remarkably unchanged for our product. I cannot speak about the other players, but we track it carefully and it has been relatively unchanged. It can vary a little bit obviously from deal to deal and from quarter to quarter, but it really hasn't all that much.
Q - Dennis Wassung: Okay. And last quick on sort of a broader environment question. You talked about some strength in the semiconductor industry and obviously you guys have a good outlook here and a better quarter than you had expected, are you seeing any material change from your customers on a broad sense, willingness to spend more, R&D budgets changing at all, or is it just technology is driving requirements for new technology here?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: I am seeing more of a gradual evolution from a overall landscape point of view it feels to me like it continues to be solid, in '01, '02 people learned the word caution, but at the same time they have also learned how to manage the overall inventory chain better, have earlier warning systems, and so what I hear from all the semiconductor execs, on average, is for the next six months they see actually reasonably good solidity going forward. I think that the other thing we are starting to see is that a number of people have decided to move forward on their 65 nanometer bath and a number of people have actually said and communicated they want to move rapidly to 65, because it gives them an opportunity to integrate more functionality and therefore either reduce costs on things that are very high functionality or create some additional differentiation. And that is driving the need for tools and specifically the needs around low-power are very, very visible. I expect that as these products go into volume production they are also going to increase the emphasis on yield because that materially impacts the bottom line.
Q - Dennis Wassung: Great. Thank you, Aart.
Operator: Next question is from Raj Seth from SG Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Q - Raj Seth: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First, Aart, just a follow-up on the 65 nanometer comment. Is there a period during which many of the critical decisions on toolset is going to be made? What time frame are the leading customers making those decisions within?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: The decisions are sort of gradual but invariably tied to the, some of the leading chips. The pilot chip may be a way to evaluate things but the first chip in a series, let's say a DSP core that has many derivatives, tends to set the tone for what tools are being used and I think a number of these decisions are being made as we speak or have recently been made. So, people try to be careful in that, because transitions are always risky just because they are transitions. What is good for our position is how well PC Astro has been doing, because PC Astro has been able to accommodate everyone of the 65 nanometer needs, the additional rules, the yield optimization, and so we're looking, we are looking at IC Compiler as really a bonus on top of a product set that is actually doing very well for these advanced designs.
Q - Raj Seth: Do you have a sense yet how much a fully loaded, at 65 nanometers, how much more that cost the customer than what would be required at the previous node?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: It's a good question. I don't think that I have a very firm sense of that. It's actually because they are multiple pieces are moving. I think on the basic implementation side, it is probably not dissimilar to what they were spending before, but they are achieving clearly much more work with it. On the verification side, though, there is dramatically more functionality that goes on these chips and therefore we think that it will drive the utilization ramp of advanced verification tools substantially. Lastly, towards the DFM, much of that often falls into a different budget and, therefore, is not necessarily visible to the, to the design team and there is the opportunity to have economic impact while addressing something that is in, typically, very large budgets and therefore wouldn't hit the worry meter too much for them.
Q - Raj Seth: Thanks. That's all for, Brian, if I could, one for you. I think you bought back 80 million or so this quarter in stock; you are starting to generate on a pretty good base already, strong cash flow again, philosophically how do you think about buy backs, is that a level you'll try and maintain going forward, might you consider a dividend, how do you think about uses of cash here?
A - Brian Beattie: Well, good question. We were pretty aggressive in the first quarter with 3.9 million shares bought back and we spent about $81 million, so that was the first start to the program. As you know we have still $355 million left in our authorization that we're looking at and we have to evaluate each quarter on where we're spending our cash, looking at obviously investments in areas of M&A and the operations itself and also to the extent we look at share repurchases as well.
Q - Raj Seth: One more if I might. In a model like yours where you transition to a year ago to fully, roughly fully ratable model. You ought to, as you move forward, begin to see just from the layers of backlog accumulating, I would think revenues ought to be able to grow faster than bookings. Is there any way that you can help me think about how to model that affect your, how much more than bookings in '07 timeframe might you be able to grow given that mechanical subscription model leverage?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: Well, one of the things that we obviously communicate is the backlog at the end of the year. That gives you very exact perspective of where we are with the bookings. However, what it does not necessarily tell you exactly is how long are the bookings over time. We disclosed that, I believe, every quarter so that gives you quite a bit of insight that, I believe, so we're not sending the wrong message on bookings growth and that that is obfuscated by just having longer period deals, for example. Lastly, internally we look, first and foremost, actually at making sure that we grow their run rates with our customers and so far, so good in that department. So, those are sort of the indicators that we give out.
Q - Raj Seth: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks. Aart, the first question concerns Japan. You highlighted that as being an area of strength in the quarter and it has been quite a while since you did so. Can you talk about your thoughts on Japan for the remainder of the year? Do you expect a disproportionate concentration of bookings and momentum to occur in that region over the course of the year and perhaps into next and if so, why?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: Jay, I may be wrong but I thought that we actually have already communicated in the last couple quarters that Japan was reasonably strong. And, we have clearly seen the Japan picked up as they came out of what literally was almost a decade-long economic slump and in the last few years Japan has been doing quite well, I think partially driven by consumer electronic products doing quite well. That has had positive impact on Synopsys. In addition, a few years ago we had a number of fairly large renewals that you would say are up and do. We did say these things are more spread out than they used to be largely because new technology opens the door to renegotiate things going forward and we are sort of trying to keep things engaged on a rolling three years, so to speak. Having said that, Japan has been strong for us for the last few quarters, was strong this quarter and looking forward, we expect it to do well again. All in all, I think it is an area of good news for us.
Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer: The next 12 month revenue run-off of 890 grew sequentially by about 20 million, somewhat smaller than the sequential increase in the immediately preceding quarters. Was that just a function of Q1 being a normally or seasonably lower period for bookings than Q4 certainly, or do you expect this level of sequential increase to be more the norm now for the next 12 month runoff?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: Well, this actually ties a little bit to the previous question from Raj, which is one of the other observation points you have is the amount of revenue that we have rolling off in fourth quarter, and so obviously how that grows is very much a function of a given quarter but is also a function of the type of deals and the type of transactions. So, I don't think you can, linearly completely predict that N percent growth means N percent growth for the Company. Over time thought, it's a good indicator. Lastly, you're absolutely correct that Q1 is always at the opposite side of the spectrum from Q4 and therefore should not be necessarily the quarter to look at growing massively backlog or even the revenue roll off for the next four quarters.
Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer: In terms of the opportunity for IP Compiler; this is something of a follow-on to an earlier question. How do you think about or what can you say about the size of your implementation or P&R base today as it might have compared to let's say three years ago at the height of the PC Astro cycle, if you are not mistaken, the license base at that time, was roughly let's say 4,000 licenses, in terms of the base, would you say that your implementation maintenance came, license base or install base is now the same or larger than it was three years ago?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: Well, in general, we don't disclose exact date on any of our products but from the utilization point of view it is clearly up. And so, our place and our position has significantly strengthened over the years so from that perspective I think IC Compiler has a great base to grow into.
Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer: Finally, your largest competitor has been speaking quite a bit over the number of quarters about kits and segmented pricing, I'm sure you are quite familiar with what they have been saying. How interested would you be in one or both of those philosophically or technically or financially, how feasible would that be or interesting to you would any of that be?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: Well, we're very positive about any mechanism that improves the business picture for the EDA companies. From a kits perspective, we've always felt that there were two angles that we are well on top of. One is kits as mechanisms to say for a given product line, you have different price points for different levels of sophistication and this is something that we have had for many years. I am not quite sure if it was in 1989, or 1990 that we already had that for the first products and we carried that through still today. The second thing is looking at kits as a way to solve a specific set of problems and the approach that we take to that is much more to identify what are the specific issues that somebody is worried about and how do you address those? Let me take an example. For example, low power is absolutely a segments that, that touches many traditional segments but is very pointed and the only way you can deal with that is by having solutions that go across many of the tools and products and then you can go to somebody who has these problems and you say, well, who are you? And you will find out that all of the guys that do portable design have that problem. The same is true for signal integrity. And so we approach the whole kits or segmentation question very much from what are the biggest pain points and how can we solve them systemically rather than just with some point solutions.
Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer: We shouldn't see it, in your case, in terms of any specific modules or packaged approaches, you would, as you say, approach it more systemically?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: Well, yes, and where the package that we have is the systemic solution, with other words, would you like to have a 65 nanometer low power flow absolutely come to Synopsys, if you want to call that a kit, that's fine with me, but fundamentally it is the solution that addresses some very sharp challenges.
Operator: And our next question is from Rohit Pandey from HSBC Securities. Please go ahead.
Q - Rohit Sandy: Thank you. Aart, do you have an idea as to what the hiding activity is for your customers; are many more designers being hired or is it about the same?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: It feels like there is a little bit more movement, meaning that, some of the people that used to work in one place are moving at another place, meaning they tend to be a little bit upward mobile. I think that that movement is primarily for the people that are very well schooled and technically capable and at the same time, I think there's clearly growth in areas that are low cost. And so you see increasingly more companies invest in the Far East of course, and even some in Eastern Europe because it is a way to keep expanding without necessarily expanding your overall expense base too much.
Q - Rohit Sandy: Should it lead to more seats with industry or should it be about the same?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: Oh, I think there's no question that ere is a growth in seats but also for a very different reason which is increasingly with compute farms, people are using many more copies for the same task or trying to either paralyze the task or do better. A prime example for that is clearly in verification where the complexity is growing so fast that unless you use much more computer programs, you just can't get there. This is true in functional verification and it's also true in DFM verification.
Q - Rohit Sandy: Even outside the complexity do you think overall activity will take the seats up?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: I think it will take up the seats somewhat. Many of those seats are in lower-cost regions, so it may overall be somewhat of a wash. It feels more positive, I would say, than it felt in the last two or three years.
Q - Rohit Sandy: Perhaps for Brain, why is the service and maintenance revenue down? Because you are counting more of a maintenance in the ratable or?
A - Brian Beattie: That is exactly right. As you seem more of the time base license arrangements, those include the maintenance agreements in there. More of that takes a majority of the licensing activity, it includes maintenance.
Q - Rohit Sandy: The Services, how was it concerning the revenue on a revenue basis?
A - Brian Beattie: It was okay. It was, saw a little bit of growth but we're still working on that as a nice growth segment for the year.
Q - Rohit Sandy: The high utilization you have in services should create an upside later in the year?
A - Brian Beattie: We are working to fill that. And there's a lot of demand for the service is going up and we have embedded that in our forecast for the rest of the year.
Q - Rohit Sandy: On the duration of bookings, it went down to 2.7 and then it has been pretty, I mean it's the lowest number I have seen in the last few quarters. Why was that?
A - Brian Beattie: Well, it's, again, our contracts typically average about three years, and that's still the number. You might see some fluctuation from quarter to quarter but that is still in the range. We're not too concerned.
Q - Rohit Sandy: You spoke about the employee cost and do I get my numbers right, employee cost is $194,000 per person? Where do you think you can take this number?
A - Brian Beattie: That is something I am digging into. We're focused on reducing that cost in 2006, and I am digging into the details of continuing to work that in line with the nice significant improvements in margin that we built into the plan.
Q - Rohit Sandy: So, that's already built into the plan? You don't think you could do more than what is already guided out there?
A - Brian Beattie: Well, I'm just digging in now. It has been five weeks. So, really digging into the expense base and contrasting, look at the industry benchmarks, looking at what we can do to improve process management flows, applications and these type of things that can get our costs lowered. That is a prime responsibility for me and the team.
Q - Rohit Sandy: Any update on tax litigation?
A - Brian Beattie: There is really no update to report. Our position is unchanged, in that the assertions that we received aren't supported by the applicable tax law. There's been no developments in the quarter. As you know, these things move pretty slowly, probably won't see much movement throughout 2006 on it. We have officially protested the position with the IRS. And, it takes several years to resolve.
Q - Rohit Sandy: For the first quarter, was the book to book below one?
A - Brian Beattie: Yes. We didn't comment on that. We'll, again, let you see the full backlog at the end of the quarter, at the end of the year. And, we will be able to work through the details at that point.
Q - Rohit Sandy: The simple math, I believe your revenues from the backlog, the backlog was discharged to revenue next four quarters increased $20 million and the average life was 2.7 so about $221 of new orders, is that right, or I'm pretty much off the mark?
A - Dr. Aart de Geus: Let me jump in, Rohit. We're not commenting on orders. Good try.
Q - Rohit Sandy: Thank you. I guess I'll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you, and ladies and gentlemen, we have come to the end of today's conference call. We do apologize if we were not able to get to your question today. And now, I would like to turn it back the host for any closing comments.
Dr. Aart de Geus, Chairman and Chief Executive Office: Well, thank you for joining us. We had a very solid quarter, and if there are any more questions Brian and myself will be available afterwards. We hope that you have a good day. Bye, bye.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen this conference is available for replay after 5:30pm ET today through March 1st at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 816786. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, with the access code of 816786. And that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference.
