===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-11 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Amy [ph] and I will be your conference call operator for today. I would like to welcome everyone to the Solventum First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference. Amy Wakeham, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance Communications. Please proceed.
Amy Wakeham: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Solventum's first quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Chief Executive Officer, Bryan Hanson; and Chief Financial Officer, Wayde McMillan. A replay of today's earnings call will be available later today on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website. The earnings press release and presentation are both available there now. During today's call, our discussion and any comments we make will be made on a non-GAAP basis unless we have specifically called them out as GAAP. The non-GAAP information we discuss is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the reported GAAP financial information. You are encouraged to review the supporting schedules in today's earnings press release to reconcile the non-GAAP measures with the GAAP reported numbers. Additionally, our discussion on today's call will include forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, expectations about our future financial and operating performance. We make these statements based on reasonable assumptions. However, our actual results could differ. Please review our SEC filings for a complete discussion of the risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements made today. Following our prepared remarks, we'll hold a Q&A session. For the Q&A portion of today's call, please limit yourself to one question and one related follow-up. If you have additional questions, you're more than welcome to rejoin the queue. And with that, I'd like to now hand the call over to Bryan.
Bryan Hanson: All right. Thank you, Amy and to all of our shareholders and everyone interested in our company story, just thanks for joining us today for our first quarter results. And I'm just going to get straight to the point. We are off to a strong start for 2025. And as a result of this positive momentum, favorable FX and decisive steps we've taken to mitigate the impact of known tariffs, we are raising our organic revenue guidance and confirming EPS for the year. All right. Before we jump into the strong start for the year, let me just quickly address tariffs specifically and Wayde will provide more details in a minute. But to be clear, tariffs will be a headwind for us this year. And without them, we would be raising our EPS guidance commensurate with the underlying momentum we're seeing in the business. Now, that said, we've begun executing short-term mitigation measures based on what we know today and are actively developing, analyzing and, of course, implementing additional strategies. And as a result and as I just mentioned, we expect to be able to manage the current-year headwind within our existing full year EPS guidance. And obviously, given just the fluid nature of the situation, we will continue to closely monitor the evolving policy changes and assess what they mean for our organization. Relative to our continued momentum, progress here is further evidenced by our first quarter results, marking another positive quarter of volume growth. This makes it now 4 consecutive quarters of positive growth and sequential improvement as we delivered 4.3% organic sales growth and adjusted earnings per share of $1.34, again, continuing to perform ahead of expectations. I think this is particularly impressive, though, given the company's historical performance. As I shared at our recent Investor Day, this business experienced 6 years of a declining volume trend in 7 quarters. That's nearly 2 years of negative volume growth before our spin. Now, stopping that decline and reversing the trend are direct results of the foundational enhancements we made across 3 primary areas, the first being our mission and culture; the second, our talent and capabilities; and third, our efforts to stabilize the business across commercial productivity, our innovation process and our strategic focus and alignment. And as I've referenced before, I am very impressed with the team's ability to execute all of these changes as quickly as they have, particularly given the distractions of the separation process. And I want to extend my gratitude to our dedicated team members around the globe, not just for another strong quarter but really for their hard work overall which is advancing our mission and driving us forward. This team continues to impress me, as they make significant progress in executing the separation and advancing across all 3 phases of our transformation plan and, very importantly, delivering results that have already changed the trajectory of this business. Now, more broadly speaking from a macroeconomic perspective, this quarter, well, it has certainly been one of the more eventful starts to a new year. And as such, we are actively navigating a shifting geopolitical landscape and rapidly evolving trade policies. Now, while we are managing this turbulent environment aggressively, we are also ensuring that our primary focus remains very clear: number 1 and obviously, delivering for our customers worldwide so patients continue to receive the care they need; and number 2 and very importantly, staying committed to investing in the key areas that will support continued and sustainable improvement in our growth. And as a result, just as I outlined at our Investor Day, we are fully committed to our growth and margin drivers to reposition this company for profitable growth and drive meaningful value for shareholders. Okay. Now moving to our business segments, where progress and positive momentum continue, the MedSurg business had a very strong quarter, benefiting from positive underlying business performance and favorable order timing. Now, regarding our underlying business performance, we continue to focus on driving the adoption of our recently launched V.A.C Peel and Place dressing. As many of you may remember, this is a product within our negative pressure wound therapy business which is 1 of our key growth drivers. As I've mentioned previously, this product provides value in 3 areas. It simplifies the procedure, it reduces procedure time and, importantly, reduces the number of dressing changes per week, all of which are meaningful advances for both patients and providers and the team has done a really good job of ramping capacity to meet the very strong demand and our newly dedicated commercial team continues to drive momentum in this space. And also in MedSurg, the growth driver area of IV side management, we are very pleased with the traction that we're seeing in this space. And our newly dedicated commercial team has successfully converted key accounts during the quarter. Given our momentum here and to further support the needs of this business, we have invested hundreds of millions of dollars for capacity expansion in the U.S., specifically in South Dakota, with strong support of the then Governor Kristi Noem. And moving to our Dental Solutions business, we saw benefits in 3 areas: first, in our core restored as growth driver as well as our strategic bed area of aesthetics and across other recent product launches. In Core Restoratives, our differentiated and strong brand recognition continues to resonate with our customers and it provides a solid foundation for growth. And our recent product launch of Filtek Easy Match and our refocused, dedicated sales team continued to support solid growth in this area. Anaesthetics customer response to the Q4 launch of our first-to-market and 3D printed Clarity Precision Grip Attachments remains very positive. And this product enhances our ability to offer a unique combination of dental and ortho solutions, really enabling the team to expand their conversations with both dentists and orthodontists. And then finally, our Clinpro Clear Fluoride Treatment launch continues to gain traction with customers and had strong demand in the quarter. The combination of these areas has helped to drive offsets for decelerating areas like impressioning materials to help stabilize the segment even as overall market volumes remain challenged. Okay. In our HIS business, we are focused on our growth driver of revenue cycle management. And as you remember, a key component of this is autonomous coating. And as we've mentioned, our AI-driven autonomous coating technology really focuses on streamlining the coating process to help save our customer’s time and money. And medical coating is incredibly complex and our computer-assisted and emerging autonomous technology can account for the constant tide of regulatory changes, quality demands and local, state and organization-specific guidance. And this HIS team is highly focused on leading the way in autonomous coating and doing so, of course, with leading AI-driven solutions, that's for sure but importantly and probably most important, leveraging our decades of trusted high-quality and compliant coating. And last but not least, turning to our Purification & Filtration business, we saw another quarter of robust demand for our bioprocessing solutions which gives us confidence in the strength of the end markets and the value of the segment's differentiated technology and reoccurring revenue model. And our investment in additional capacity in our industrial business supported accelerated growth in the quarter as well. And as we shared in our last quarter, the P&F business is very well positioned for growth under its new owner, where it has a really strong strategic fit. We expect, as we mentioned before, to complete the transaction by the end of 2025 and our team is working very diligently for a smooth close and, ultimately, a smooth transition. At our recent Investor Day, I spoke extensively about our progress across the 3 phases of our transformation plan. And if you didn't see it, I would encourage you to watch the replay or read the transcript for more details. Both of those are available on our Investor Relations website. But just as a quick summary, regarding Phase I, our mission and values have been deployed globally and through our communications and transformation efforts, we are seeing deep understanding and, most importantly, connection from our team members to both. We've hired great talent across a significant number of critical to transformation roles and our separation efforts continue to be on track. As a matter of fact, we have a very large team mobilized right now across the globe and have just started this week with our largest ERP cutover to date. And I know that team is working around the clock to execute this very important phase of our separation and I want to thank each and every one of them for burning the midnight oil and moving us forward. And moving to Phase II, as a global team, I can tell you that we are very aligned in executing the long-range plan we just unveiled at our Investor Day. And we are hyper-focused on driving our 5 growth driver areas which will help expand our scale within our most attractive markets and ultimately, as a result of that, increase the weighted average market growth of our business. And finally, on Phase III, once we close the divestiture of the P&F business, we anticipate being able to execute tuck-in M&A which, as we said before, will focus on enhancing our recently presented organic long-range plan. So in summary, it's pretty clear that we are making steady progress on our transformation and we're extremely confident that the changes we've already made, combined with our newly defined strategic plan, will accelerate sustainable and profitable volume growth and ultimately -- ultimately deliver significant shareholder value. And with that, I'll turn it over to Wayde to walk us through more detail on our first quarter results and 2025 guidance as well as provide additional color on the separation and on everybody's favorite topic tariffs. Okay Wayde, we'll pass it over to you.
Wayde McMillan: Thanks and thank you to everyone at Solventum for the continued progress and for delivering a strong start to fiscal year 2025. As you heard from Bryan, we're making meaningful progress on the 3-phase transformation plan as we complete our first full year as a public company. I'll focus my comments initially on a quick separation update before moving into our Q1 financial performance. Then we'll wrap up with our 2025 guidance update which includes the impact of tariffs. Overall, the separation remains on track and we are executing against key milestones while delivering on our financial goals. To date, we have exited just over 30% of the more than 200 transition service agreements and we plan to exit all transition agreements over the next 2 years. In operations and supply chain, we continue to make progress consolidating across manufacturing and distribution centers. We expect to significantly advance progress on our ERP milestones with 4 deployments planned this year, including our first major deployment in Q2. We want to thank our global team of dedicated people around the world for their efforts in this large-scale separation. Now, turning to our Q1 results, starting with sales, first quarter 2025 sales of $2.1 billion increased 4.3% on an organic basis compared to prior year and increased 2.6% on a reported basis. During the quarter, foreign exchange was a 160 basis point headwind. Overall, we had a stronger-than-expected volume performance driven by improved commercial execution as we drive focus and alignment across the organization on our growth drivers to accelerate sustainable sales growth. We also benefited from order timing related to customers buying ahead of upcoming ERP and distribution center moves and SKU exits. We expect this favorable timing benefit will be offset by year-end mostly in Q2 and Q3. The impact of SKU exits in the quarter was 30 basis points. All-in, we estimate our normalized Q1 organic sales growth is closer to 2.5%. Pricing remains consistent, within our expected range and we are encouraged by the continued shift to delivering positive volume growth across the businesses. Moving to the segments, our largest segment, MedSurg, delivered $1.2 billion of sales, an increase of 6% on an organic basis. Growth was broad-based and led by the Infection Prevention and Surgical Solutions business which grew 8.2% and was the primary beneficiary of the previously mentioned timing benefits which drove the significantly higher-than-expected performance. Advanced Wound Care growth of 2.8% was driven by negative pressure wound therapy consumables and continued market adoption of single-use negative pressure wound therapy. Our Dental Solutions segment delivered $328 million of revenue, an increase of 40 basis points on an organic basis. And as you heard from Bryan earlier, we are seeing the positive benefit of new product launches, even as the end market continues to be challenged and we remain encouraged by the overall resilience of our dental portfolio. Our Health Information Systems segment contributed $329 million of revenue, an increase of 3.9% on an organic basis which benefited from strong customer retention of our Revenue Cycle Management software solutions. The competitive environment has resulted in continued declines in clinician productivity solutions. However, this product category grew in the current quarter primarily due to an easy prior year comparison. Finally, the Purification & Filtration segment delivered $242 million of sales, an increase of 2.2% on an organic basis, led by our bioprocessing filtration and industrial filtration categories. Similar to the prior quarter, performance in these areas was partially offset by declines in membranes. As a reminder, ordering timing benefits in Q1 last year resulted in a tough comparison. Looking down the P&L, gross margins were 55.6% of sales in the quarter, slightly ahead of our expectations and down 260 basis points compared to the prior year. Our current quarter results include approximately 100 basis points of increased cost paid to 3M as part of the supply agreement when comparing year-over-year. Gross margins also decreased sequentially, as expected, based on normal manufacturing seasonality. Operating expenses increased versus the prior year and were roughly flat on a sequential basis, as planned. The increased year-over-year spend reflects public company stand-up costs and growth investments to support our business transformation. Savings from the recent restructuring are on track and will continue to ramp through the year. Altogether, operating expenses were in line with our expectations. In total, we delivered adjusted operating income of $407 million which translates to an operating margin of 19.7%, ahead of expectations. Moving down the P&L to non-operating items, our net interest expense remained consistent with Q4. Lastly, our effective tax rate of 19.9% is just below the low end of our full year outlook and reflects a slightly favorable jurisdictional mix. Overall, we delivered earnings per share of $1.34, ahead of our expectations, driven by sales outperformance and favorable margins. We also ended the quarter with $534 million in cash and equivalents with no outstanding borrowings on our revolving credit facility. To date, we have made cumulative repayments of $400 million on our $1.5 billion prepayable term loans which includes another $100 million paid off in March. For Q1, our free cash flow declined $80 million which was consistent with our expectations and reflects both Q1 planned payments and onetime separation costs, as well as the timing of interest payments and shift into the execution phase across several separation projects. Now turning to our 2025 guidance update which reflects our strong Q1 performance and momentum to start the year, as a reminder, our guidance is for the whole company, including the Purification & Filtration business which is held for sale until the transaction closes which is expected before the end of the year. Starting with full year organic sales growth, we are increasing our outlook to a range of 1.5% to 2.5%, an increase of 50 basis points above our prior guidance. We continue to estimate a 50 basis point impact of SKU exits which we anticipate will ramp throughout the year. Excluding this planned impact, our annual growth outlook is 2% to 3%, reflecting the momentum we are seeing in volume-driven performance across our business segments as we execute against the phased approach to reposition for growth. Regarding foreign exchange, given the recent weakening of the U.S. dollar, we now estimate currency will have a neutral impact on sales growth for the year. This compares to our prior outlook of a roughly 150 basis point headwind and will have a positive benefit on our reported sales and earnings per share. For earnings per share, we are maintaining our initial $5.45 to $5.65 earnings per share guidance, including estimated tariff headwinds that will impact us during the second half of 2025. The current trade policy environment and tariffs are an evolving dynamic and challenging to quantify. We currently estimate tariff headwinds of approximately $80 million to $100 million in 2025 which translates to an earnings per share impact of $0.35 to $0.45. This will pressure our gross margin and operating margin in the second half of the year. And we now anticipate operating margins for the year will be at the low end of our planned range of 20% to 21%. We expect our strong Q1 performance and business momentum, favorable foreign exchange and mitigation actions to offset the impact of tariffs within our earnings per share guidance range. Our tariff estimate includes all known tariffs at this time with the following assumptions -- U.S. exports to China at 125% and represents about half of the total impact with expected exemptions. U.S. to and from the EU remains at 10% and which represents about 1/3 of the total impact. The remaining balance of tariff impacts reflects smaller amounts for Mexico and Canada, given the USMCA exemptions and minimal imports from China to the U.S., consistent with our prior view. It's important to highlight that, due to the short duration of our inventory turns, approximately one quarter; the impact of tariffs implemented in Q2 will be fully realized in our financial results starting in Q3 and continuing through Q4. Our team has moved quickly to adapt to the changing situation. While this will be an ongoing process of assessment and mitigation, we've already taken steps and are executing several action plans to mitigate the headwinds. We have filed for and received nearly all outstanding USMCA certifications and are working across regions to secure additional exemptions. We're continuing to optimize our inventory, leveraging sourcing options across our supply chain and thoughtfully evaluating selective pricing strategies. We are also maintaining our free cash flow guidance of $450 million to $550 million. Before closing out, I also want to reiterate our commitment to continued investment focused on the long-term value creation opportunity ahead while also looking for opportunities to expand margins and generate strong cash flows. In conclusion, we're building momentum, having delivered a strong financial performance in Q1 as we execute on our separation plans. With that, we'll now hand it back to the operator for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Patrick Wood with Morgan Stanley.
Patrick Wood: Beautiful. I'll leave the tariffs to everybody else because I can't survive talking about that topic anymore, so I'm going to go on the top line actually. How confident are you around that kind of 2.5% underlying? And I say this because, obviously, the remaining core growth like is at 4.6%. Obviously, we'll combine 4.3%, like a really, really strong quarter. Is this like a SKU level analysis or something like that? Because how confident are you that that's actually stocking from the customers and not just some of the commercial plans that you guys have been putting through and therefore is a little bit more durable than maybe you're suggesting?
Wayde McMillan: Patrick, it's Wayde. We're confident. It's a number that's tough to predict beforehand because it's difficult to know how much customers are going to be buying in, the timing of it and to the extent of it. But after the fact, we've got good analytics. We work with our distributor partners as well as our end customers and understand their order patterns and it's something that we're confident in. It is still an estimate. We specifically called it out closer to 2.5% because there is some variability to it. But the 2.5% is a good number for us and that's what we think is the number that we grew in the quarter, exclusive of those customer order buying ahead. And what that means for us is a really strong quarter. It's more than double the growth rate that we had in 2024, so very happy to see the continued acceleration of the business and it's really across all 4 of our segments. So we had a really strong quarter here to start the year.
Patrick Wood: Yes. It's definitely faster than we thought. And then just as a quick follow-up, is it a fair assumption on our end to assume that the general price mix trends that you've seen in the previous quarter was consistent here? You hinted that in the opening remarks but is it fair to assume that the entire delta basically is all volume?
Wayde McMillan: Yes. So we've been anticipating this for some time as we've got the business focused on volume growth which we think is the sustainable strategy. And so for pricing, again this quarter, we saw it in that normalized range for us which is between plus or minus 1%. And it's not really the driver that we're focused on. It's all about volume growth for us from here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel.
Frederick Wise: Maybe just to start with thinking about the year ahead, I mean, to say it simplest, tariffs are a bigger headwind, you were very clear. But offsetting that is the business momentum is the lower -- is the lower FX. Can you help us at all think through the quarterly cadence as we adjust our models? I mean just starting with the second quarter, last year, it was sort of flat sequentially but you have new products, you've got commercial momentum, etcetera. Help us a little bit directionally if you could.
Bryan Hanson: I just want to make sure that we clarify, Rick, are you talking about growth by quarter, or what are you talking about?
Frederick Wise: Growth or dollars in -- can you report higher numbers in the second quarter, given all the positives and relative to the negative impact of tariffs, top line -- top line, Bryan. I'm not -- sorry if I'm unclear.
Bryan Hanson: Probably for clarification, tariffs really don't have a significant impact for us on the top line. It's definitely more of a bottom line challenge for us. The ordering ahead of the timing that we saw in the quarter was more associated with our ERP cutovers and plant distribution changes and some buy ahead on the SKU rationalization. That will come back in Q2, Q3, maybe even Q4. Most of the impact will be in Q3. That's the way we're looking at it today because, by the time we get to Q3, we'll be past the distribution center changes and we should be free and clear to see those changes.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: Nice start to the year here, guys. I want to come back a little bit on Patrick's question in talking about that 2.5% underlying. I guess my question is more around how does that compare to what you were internally expecting? It sounds like it's nicely above -- nicely above most of our models. But I guess kind of where are you at? Where are you executing? And then we're 5 weeks removed here from quarter end. I guess, on that order timing that you referenced for 1Q, did you have any additional buy ahead in April? Or did some of that â€“ did you already start seeing some of that draw down in April and early May?
Bryan Hanson: Why don't I start maybe with how we're looking at the 2.5% and how it compared to our performance or assumption of performance? And then Wayde, you could talk more about the drawdown. It was above our expectations, too. We're very happy with the 2.5%. As a matter of fact, if you think about it on an annual basis, I'm not saying we're going to do 2.5% but the last time this company did 2.5% was -- I think 2018. So it was a long time ago. So we were very happy with the performance in the quarter. It was definitely ahead of our expectations, even on an underlying basis. And really, the key driver for it is the thing that we talked about at our investor meeting which is we are seeing the benefits of our enhancements to the commercial organization and the focus that we now have. Because remember, we've enhanced the commercial organization by dedicating the sales organizations through those growth driver areas and we're just seeing traction as a result of it. Now, we have to keep that going. And quite frankly, we shouldn't be happy with 2.5% because we're still not at market but it's a really nice improvement off of last year.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. And then just picking up on what we're seeing so far in Q2, just before I get into Q2 specifically, as Bryan mentioned just a minute ago, the expectation is because of our ERP cutover and distribution center moves in Q2 that we'll see the majority of that order timing come back in Q3. It is tough to predict. We could see more of it in Q2 or a little bit more in Q4 but our expectation is most of it comes on the back of our ERP and distribution center moves which the big moves are coming here in Q2. As far as quarter-to-date for us, it's in line with those expectations but we've got a ways to go yet. And we are actually -- just as Bryan said in his prepared remarks, the team is hunkered down right now as we go through the ERP implementation this week and we're right in the throes of it. So from that standpoint, the expectation would be we could see some of the headwind come back here in Q2 but we think the majority will be coming in Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Roman with Goldman Sachs.
David Roman: I wanted to go into a little bit more detail here on the top line drivers, especially in MedSurg and certainly appreciate the order timing dynamic. But as you look at -- on an underlying basis, it sounds like both Infection Prevention and Advanced Wound Care are tracking ahead of where your original expectations are. So could you maybe just unpack for us, in a little bit more specific, some of the drivers there? How much of that is new product launches or some of the commercial changes that you've made in the downstream organization? Then I have a follow-up on the P&L.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. They're kind of connected but you hit both of them. The way we look at it is there were 3 vectors of advancing the growth of our business. The first one and the one that is really benefiting us today is the commercial execution improvements. But as you have those improvements, you can also benefit from existing brands that we have in the marketplace and then new product launches as well, the ones that we just recently launched. And so it's a combination of the team. It’s just focus -- it’s delivering the urgency around and the focus on delivering what you commit to is there which makes a big difference. We've had a lot of changes in leadership, as we've talked about. So we've got a lot of different folks in place that are driving this harder than before. And you look at some of the names that we're talking about that create an opportunity now for that new engine to drive it which should be things like Tegaderm CHG, that is a product that's been out for a while but it's a brand that is highly recognized, is differentiated and is significantly underpenetrated, as you probably remember from our presentation during the Investor Day. V.A.C Peel and Place is another one. It's a great product. And it doesn't sound that great when you hear it but it's a game-changer when it comes to negative pressure wound therapy and the team is highly focused on it. eBowie-Dick is in our sterilization assurance business. This is basically taking an 80-year-old process that was antiquated and is digitizing it and it's changing the game. So it's a really cool technology as well. And then you've got Clinpro Clear, Clarity Precision Grip Attachments that you would have in the dental business. That's different from MedSurg but again, this whole theme of the engine now being able to leverage new products is there. And it's the same thing in HIS. It's another motivator for the new team that's focused on this to drive autonomous coding which is part of the Revenue Cycle Management growth driver. So across the board, whether it's in MedSurg, whether it's in dental, whether it's in HIS, it's the commercial focus that we have. It's the desire now to achieve the goals that are set and it's the focus on these new product launches that are really driving it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Steed with Bank of America.
Travis Steed: Congrats on a good quarter. I wanted to ask a little more on the tariffs in a way that you could help us kind of think about the mitigation efforts, how you're offsetting $0.40 of earnings here. How much of that is FX? How much of it's operational and all that?
Wayde McMillan: Yes. Those are the key areas for us. So just to maybe reiterate what we've got out there and keep in mind, the inventory turns fast for us, so we just want to make sure we emphasize that, because we have to be 1 of the fastest inventory turn companies out there. I think, under 3M, inventory was managed very tightly and we continue to have a 90-day inventory turn here on a 3-month turn. So as a result of that, we see the impact immediately start in Q3 and we'll have it in Q4. So in other words, we have 2 quarters of impact here. And so that $80 million to $100 million that we're estimating will be spread across Q3 and Q4 for us this year. We provided the major components as well. U.S. to China is half of it. And so we're closely monitoring those. So I think, even before we get into the mitigations, exemptions play an important role here. And obviously, we're working closely with our teams and working with their regional partners. And exemptions in China are important to us and that's where we've landed at this estimate. So as far as the mitigation goes, you've called it out, strong business performance in Q1 and we're expecting that through the remainder of the year. Favorable foreign exchange, as you mentioned, we're not putting specific dollar amounts on any of these but they are all major drivers in the offset. And then within those additional mitigating strategies, we're continuing to optimize our inventory. The sourcing teams are busy. It is incredible, how much time and effort actually has been put into these initiatives that weren't expected. And so the teams are heavily focused on sourcing options all across our supply chain. And then obviously, we're looking at thoughtful pricing strategies where we think that makes sense for the long-term business, where it makes sense for our customers as well as those in our value chain. So overall, we're very happy to be holding our key metrics here despite the tariff headwinds.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Vik Chopra with Wells Fargo.
Unidentified Analyst: It's Blake [ph] calling in for Vik. Just 2 related to tariffs, please, first, a clarification. The 10% you're assuming for Europe, so it sounds like you're not assuming that rate goes up after the 90-day pause. I just want to confirm that. And two, can you just give some color around how we think about annualized tariff impact if we should start by just annualizing what you've given for this year? Or could it be higher or lower given mitigation, etcetera?
Bryan Hanson: Sure, Blake [ph]. I can take that one. So you heard the prepared remarks correctly. We're assuming that the 10% to and from the EU stays in place. And so we're not assuming those exemptions go away and there's any change to that. So our assumption is just it's 10% for the rest of the year and that's what we're including in our guidance. On the annualized, it's really difficult to annualize right now. And so the short answer is no, I would not annualize our $80 million to $100 million that we're expecting here in Q3 and Q4. And it's too early to try to annualize the number or think about what the impact to 2026 might be. It's just too early to call. Now, obviously, the tariffs are subject to change on an annual basis or over a longer span and our mitigation strategies are underway. And some of those are shorter term but some are longer term as well. I mentioned the manufacturing supply chain team have been working on mitigations. Some of those have time sensitivity with them. And we've been, to date and we'll continue to strengthen our regional supply chain strategy. So these are strategies that were before tariffs. Certainly, we've given them a higher sense of urgency but they'll be ongoing over time. We're also continuing to work with our industry trade associations to secure more exemptions in the various regions. And then, I mentioned the selective pricing strategy. So it's really not something that I would recommend trying to annualize at this point, just given the difference between the impacts we're expecting here in 2025 and mitigations related to those and what the impacts might be over the longer term, as well as what our mitigation strategies might be over the longer term. Our goal, obviously, is to manage the business and hit our metrics. And so we're very happy to be holding our key metrics here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Mizuho.
Steven Valiquette: Maybe just a question on Dental for a moment here. Last quarter, when you guys had 4% organic growth, you talked about you were taking share relative to the market growth. This quarter, a little bit slower at the 0.4% but a lot of surveys suggest that the market also kind of slowed down a lot in the quarter as well. So I guess I'm curious how you think you performed just relative to the market in Dental in the first quarter.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I think pretty well. I mean, generally speaking, if you think about that business, we are in categories that, even in challenging times for the Dental market, are pretty resilient. If you chip a tooth, you get a cavity, you're usually going to take care of it because there's pain involved. There’s certainly an aesthetic issue with it as well. So we're in, I would say, generally speaking, more resilient areas. So that's a benefit to us. And we have launched new innovation. Dental, the implant group [ph] is probably out ahead of the reboot of innovation and they're launching products now that are absolutely giving them tailwind for the year and we fully expect that to continue throughout the year.
Operator: The last question comes from the line of Travis Steed with a follow-up question from Bank of America.
Travis Steed: I’m curious Wayde, if you could help us characterize how much of the tariff impact is tied up with the P&F business versus kind of what [indiscernible].
Wayde McMillan: Yes. So we're not breaking that out, Travis and that's really because we're guiding for the whole company at this point. And the timing related to P&F is somewhat variable as we look to plan to close before the end of the year. But I think just maybe part of your question, maybe as you're modeling this, I think it's important to think about operating margins as well. As I said in our prepared remarks, we're now planning for operating margins to be at the low end of 20% to 21% but there's a key dynamic in here in timing throughout the quarters of the year. We're expecting Q2 to be another strong quarter like we saw in Q1. In fact, we're planning for it to be above that full year number, above 20%. And then with the pressure that we're seeing from the tariffs, we're expecting that pressure to be in the second half. And if you're just doing it mathematically, for us to end up at the lower end of our guidance range; that would mean the second half of the year would have to be below 20%. So I just want to make sure everybody has that as you're thinking about the phasing. But we'll bring P&F into it when we close and we'll provide pro forma financial information so that it's easy to see the business without P&F. But at this point, we're guiding with P&F still in the business as a holdco.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would like to turn it back over to Amy for closing remarks.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you Amy and thank you everyone for listening and for your questions. We appreciate your interest in Solventum. If you do have any follow-up or need anything else, please don't hesitate to reach out to us directly. This concludes our first quarter fiscal year 2025 conference call. Operator Amy [ph], you can now close the call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ellie, and I will be your conference call operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to Solventum's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Amy Wakeham, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and External Finance Communications. Please proceed.
Amy Wakeham: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Solventum's fourth quarter fiscal year 2024 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Bryan Hanson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Wayde McMillan, our Chief Financial Officer. A replay of today's earnings call will be available later today on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website. The earnings press release and the presentation are both available there now. During today's call, our discussion and any comments will be on a non-GAAP basis, unless they are specifically called out as GAAP. The non-GAAP information discussed is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the reported GAAP financial information. You are encouraged to review the supporting schedules in today's earnings press release to reconcile the non-GAAP measures with the GAAP reported numbers. Additionally, our discussion on today's call will include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, expectations about our future financial and operating performance. We make these statements based on reasonable assumptions. However, our actual results could differ. Please review our SEC filings for a complete discussion of the risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements made today. Following our prepared remarks, we'll hold a Q&A session. For the Q&A portion of today's call, please limit yourself to one question and one related follow-up. If you have additional questions, you're welcome to rejoin the queue. And with that, I'd like to now hand the call over to Bryan.
Bryan Hanson: All right. Great. Thanks, Amy. And to all of our shareholders and everyone interested in our company story, I want to say thanks for joining us today as we review our fourth quarter and full-year results for fiscal year 2024. We're also going to talk about our 2025 guidance. And clearly, we'll discuss the announcement we made earlier this week concerning the definitive agreement to divest our Purification & Filtration business to Thermo Fisher. But first, I just want to take a minute to acknowledge that the team has done a really good job progressing over the past three quarters post our separation, and we closed out fiscal year 2024 with solid performance across our businesses, which positions us well for 2025. We've advanced across each of the three phases of our transformation that we introduced last year at our first Investor Day. And given how the team is performing and the progress we've made, I got to say that I'm even more excited about the opportunities ahead. For those of you that are new to our story, let me quickly recap the two main pillars of our transformation, again, looking at transformation in two ways. The first is that we are focused on establishing our foundation as an independent company. And the second is where we're committed to turning around our business performance particularly as it relates to profitable revenue growth. Both of these pillars should create significant shareholder value as we continue to execute against them. And our fourth quarter results demonstrate that our separation and transformation activities have taken root and point to the improving results that we expect as we go forward. Our global teams delivered business performance at the high end of our expectations, not just for the quarter, but for the full-year. And Q4 marked another positive quarter of volume growth, making it three consecutive quarters of improvement. Now while there's obviously still a lot of work to be done. This is a significant milestone for the company. And looking back before our spin, 3M Healthcare saw seven quarters of negative volume growth. Now stopping that decline and reversing it especially amid a complex separation, global restructuring, a talent and cultural transformation and a significant divestiture process, any of which pose real risk to business continuity represents a major achievement for this team. And the fact that this team made this progress while managing all these work streams concurrently is a testament to the strength and dedication of our solvers around the world. I'd actually like to just take a minute to thank all 22,000-plus team members around the world that I'm pretty sure are listening right now to this earnings call. It is your hard work. It is your dedication, and you're the reason why we're ahead of plan. You've been absolutely crucial in maintaining business continuity and most importantly, as we always say, in delivering for our customers and our patients. Your commitment to our mission is clear, and I truly appreciate what you do every single day. Now moving to our business segments, where we are making progress and beginning to generate positive momentum. I'm going to start first with our largest business segment, MedSurg. We continue to focus on driving the adoption of our recently launched V.A.C. Peel and Place dressing. And as I've shared before, this product gives us really three advantages. Number one, it simplifies the procedure; two, it reduces procedure time; and three, it reduces the number of dressing changes per week. All three of these are meaningful advances for both patients and providers, and it will give us the platform and the opportunity to expand this market and serve more patients. We remain very focused on increasing capacity to meet the strong demand for this product. And in our Dental Solutions business, early customer response to the Q4 launch of our first-to-market 3D printed Clarity Precision Grip attachment has been very positive. This solution focuses on ensuring predictable aligner therapy, and it is designed to simplify the procedure and then ultimately, as a result of that boost practice efficiency. And the products we discussed back in Q3 or the launch in Q3, Clinpro Clear Fluoride Treatment and Filtek Easy Match, are continuing to resonate with our customers as well. And in the case of Clinpro, as I mentioned before, this is another launch where we are rapidly increasing our manufacturing capacity to meet the strong demand. Okay, moving to our Health Information Systems business. We continue to focus on our new autonomous coding payment models. And the team now believes that between 50% and 90% of cases have the potential to be automated. And that's thanks to our AI-driven autonomous coding technology, which is really focused on, number one, saving time for our customers, but also money for our customers when they look at revenue cycle management. Medical coding, as I think most of us know, is incredibly complex and our technologies both computer-assisted and the emerging autonomous coding can account for the constant tie to regulatory changes, quality demands and local, state and organizational specific guidance. And of course, that brings us to our Purification & Filtration business. We saw another quarter of robust demand for our bioprocessing solutions business, giving us confidence in the strength of the end markets and the value of our differentiated technology and recurring revenue model. We'll provide more details obviously shortly, but I want to emphasize, this business is well positioned for growth under its new owner who offers a strong fit strategically. Okay, shifting to our transformation phases. I want to spend just a few minutes talking about our progress across the three phases that we presented back at our initial Investor Day last year. Phase 1 is really all about laying the foundation to set the company up for success. I really do believe you have to have that foundation in place. In this phase, we've been focused on driving and inspiring mission, enhancing talent and building a new culture, one that values decentralized decision-making speed and accountability. And of course, it includes all of our many separation activities. On the mission front, we've met with teams around the globe and traveled around the globe to directly engage our team members and share our new mission and values. I believe it is critical that everyone deeply understands our mission and their role in moving it forward. And I can tell you that the reception has been incredibly positive, and it's helping us build a unified one Solventum mindset, which is absolutely instrumental in driving improved performance, particularly when you're looking at sustained improved performance. In terms of talent, we've moved aggressively to address capability gaps within just a few quarters post-spin, we've built a leadership team where 80%, eight, zero percent, of our leaders are new to the company, bringing deep sector and transformation experience with many of them having specific spin experience as well. We've also made meaningful progress enhancing key positions that are critical to our performance transformation. Of these positions, 60%, again six, zero percent, were filled by current employees and 40% by external hires, both groups chosen for their relevant experience and capabilities for this transformation. This shift is happening throughout the organization with what I call trickle down talent, raising the bar for excellence at every level of the company. And in terms of culture, we selected leaders who embody our values and culture to help model our new behaviors. And we've implemented a global restructuring through our Solventum Way program to ensure that our structure also supports this culture. Okay, and finally, on the separation front. Our ability to execute and deliver on our strategic and financial objectives does not make the deep and unique entanglement between 3M and Solventum any less complex. It is a very complex separation. And there clearly remains risk to the separation work ahead with key milestones that will be happening in 2025 and 2026. Wayde will talk more about those. But we're making steady progress, and I'm proud of the team we have assembled and very importantly proud of their performance to date. Okay. Moving on to Phase 2. In Phase 2, we've been focusing on establishing a long-term strategic plan to unlock profitable growth and capture the value of the attractive markets where we play. A key part of this phase has been analyzing the markets, the submarkets and the businesses that we have to shape our focused long-term strategy. And as I've mentioned, the speed with which we brought in new talent, has allowed us to accelerate this process. And as a result, we said we'd be ready to share our long-range plan during this call. But after receiving feedback from many of you, we realized it would be better to separate the strategic discussion from this earnings call, particularly in light of the pending sale of our P&F business. And as a result, we'll unveil our long-term strategy at our Investor Day on March 20 in New York City, where we will have more time to not only outline the long-term strategy, but also provide more details about each segment and the progress we've made to date. And we certainly look forward to seeing you there live. All right. Finally, Phase 3 is all about optimizing our portfolio. In this phase, we have thoroughly assessed the value and strategic alignment of our businesses and the recently announced divestiture of our Purification & Filtration segment is a direct result of our Phase 3 review. This decision will streamline our focus, reduce our leverage and improve key metrics, and we are confident, confident that P&F with its highly motivated and innovative team will thrive under Thermo Fisher. And I just want to take a minute to personally thank the P&F team for getting us to this point, and I have every confidence you will continue to bring your passion to work and deliver innovative solutions to your customers. So in closing, we're making steady progress on our transformation. And through in-depth analysis, leveraging both internal talent and external perspectives, we have a very clear understanding of why the 3M Healthcare business has underperformed its markets in the past. And our primary focus at the upcoming Investor Day will be to share our findings, discuss the changes we've made to inflect improvements and very importantly reveal the key elements of our long-term strategy and financial plan. But just as a preview of what's to come because I know that people are excited to hear it, but as a preview of what's to come. I can tell you that we have an incredible value creation story ahead of us. We are confident that the changes we've already made, combined with our forward-looking strategy, will continue to accelerate sustainable volume growth and ultimately deliver significant shareholder value. Okay, and with that, I'll turn it over to Wayde to walk us through the financial results in more detail and provide our guidance for 2025. He's also going to give additional color on the separation and, of course, the divestiture. Okay, Wayde?
Wayde McMillan: Thanks, and thank you to everyone at Solventum for delivering on a successful first year. As you heard from Bryan, we've made significant progress in a relatively short time since our spin last March. I'll focus my comments first on a separation update and then move into our Q4 financial performance before wrapping up with our 2025 guidance. Overall, the separation is on track, and we're executing against separation milestones while delivering on our financial goals. To date, we have exited roughly 1/4 of over 200 transition service agreements, and we are planning to exit all transition service agreements over the next two years. We have successfully implemented new ERP systems in six countries to date, including recent deployments in Europe and South America. In operations and supply chain, we contracted to build a new plant in Brazil, where we recently began construction and have entered into a contract with a new European distribution center partner as part of a planned cutover later this year. While we've made significant progress separating, some of the hardest work is ahead with our largest ERP implementations and shift to distribution centers in large regions, along with manufacturing transfers upcoming in 2025 and in 2026. Our progress to date is encouraging, and I want to thank our global team of dedicated people around the world for their efforts in this large-scale separation. Now turning to our Q4 results. Starting with sales. Fourth quarter 2024 sales of $2.1 billion increased 2.3% compared to prior year on an organic basis and increased 1.9% on a reported basis, which reflects positive momentum and an easier year-over-year comparison. During the quarter, foreign exchange was a 60 basis point headwind as the U.S. dollar strengthened considerably against most major currencies. Sales performance benefited from favorable volumes, with pricing back to a normalized range, consistent with our expectations. While there remains significant work to sustainably elevate our growth, we are encouraged by the initial volume improvements post spin. Moving to the segments. Our largest segment, MedSurg, delivered $1.2 billion of sales, an increase of 1.8% on an organic basis. Growth was led by higher OEM and advanced wound care. Within advanced wound care, growth was driven by negative pressure wound therapy consumables and continued market adoption of single-use negative pressure wound therapy. Our Dental segment delivered $315 million of revenue, an increase of 4.2% on an organic basis. And while dental was one of the primary beneficiaries of an easier year-over-year comparison, the segment also benefited from recent product launches, as mentioned earlier. Our Health Information Systems segment contributed $336 million of revenue, an increase of 1.1% on an organic basis which benefited from adoption of our revenue cycle management platform solution. Strength in revenue cycle management was partially offset by a decline in clinician productivity solutions. Finally, the Purification & Filtration segment delivered $235 million of sales, an increase of 3.5% on an organic basis fueled by continued strength in our bioprocessing filtration and industrial filtration. Performance in these areas was partially offset by declines in membranes. Looking down the P&L. Gross margin was 56.2% in the quarter, slightly ahead of our expectations and down 100 basis points versus prior year. Results include approximately 100 basis points of increased cost paid to 3M as part of the supply agreement. Gross margins decreased sequentially as expected. However, they were partially mitigated by favorable product mix benefits. Operating expenses increased versus the prior year and sequentially from Q3. As we've shared before, the added spend reflects public company stand-up costs and growth investments to support our business transformation. Q4 spend also included Purification & Filtration divestiture costs. Altogether, our operating expenses were in line with our expectations, excluding divestiture-related spend. Note, we will start to benefit from savings of our recently announced restructuring in Q1. We'll touch more on future spending levels as part of 2025 guidance. In total, we delivered adjusted operating income of $422 million, which translates to operating margin of 20.4%, slightly ahead of our expectations. Moving down the P&L to non-operating items. Our net interest expense remained consistent. We also absorbed some one-time expenses associated with the write-down of legacy 3M investments. Lastly, our effective tax rate of 17.4% puts our full-year tax rate of 18.1% toward the low end of our full-year guidance range of 18% to 19%. All in, we delivered earnings per share of $1.41 ahead of our expectations. Before providing our 2025 guidance, let's recap our first fiscal year as a public company. We delivered 1.2% organic sales growth as we navigated business continuity challenges associated with the separation, eliminated 3,500 SKUs without material revenue impact and began to drive volume back in a positive direction. As a result, we generated organic sales growth ahead of our initial expectations. On the bottom line, we generated non-GAAP earnings per share of $6.70, also ahead of our initial earnings per share guidance, driven by the better sales performance. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the year with $762 million in cash and equivalents with no outstanding borrowings on our credit facility, and we made cumulative repayments of $300 million on our $1.5 billion pre-payable term loans. This includes an additional $100 million debt pay down during Q4. We also generated $92 million of free cash flow in Q4, bringing our year-to-date total free cash flow to $805 million, just above the initial guide range for the year. Regarding the Purification & Filtration divestiture, it is a major milestone for our portfolio transformation strategy. When the transaction closes, we expect margins will improve, and it enables us to accelerate our timeline to deleverage the balance sheet and positions us to begin executing our strategy to augment sales growth with tuck-in acquisitions. We anticipate net proceeds will be used primarily to pay down debt and are committed to achieving solid investment-grade ratings with an expected close by the end of 2025. We anticipate the impact to earnings per share to be neutral in 2025. Now turning to our initial 2025 guidance and outlook. Similar to our approach to guidance for 2024, we'll continue to provide our organic sales growth, earnings per share and free cash flow metrics. Given we're still a new company, we are also providing some additional considerations at the outset of the year. Keep in mind, this guidance is for the total company, including the Purification & Filtration business. We will provide updated guidance when the transaction closes. Reported sales growth will be impacted by recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar, which we estimate will create an expected 150 basis point headwind with the biggest impact on Q1. We expect organic sales growth of 1% to 2%, which is net of an estimated 50 basis point impact related to SKU exits. Excluding the 50 basis point impact, our normalized annual growth outlook is 1.5% to 2.5%. This reflects the expected underlying improvement for volume across our business segments as we execute against the phased approach to reposition for growth. Regarding our SKU rationalization program, we are exiting an additional 2,000 SKUs in a wave 2, bringing our total exits to over 5,000 or 8% and completes the program. This will have a 50 basis point impact on 2025 and a 100 basis point impact on 2026. Executing this initiative simplifies our supply chain, saves rebranding dollars and also improves our operating metrics over time. Looking down the P&L. We expect operating margin between 20% and 21%. This outlook includes annualizing the roughly 100 basis point headwind associated with the higher cost of sales from the 3M supply agreement in the first half. Additionally, we expect savings from our Solventum Way restructuring program will more than offset the annualization of stand-up costs and growth investments in 2025. We expect the net savings of the restructuring will increase through the year, resulting in an expected ramp for operating margins from Q1 into the second half of the year. Moving now to earnings per share. We are guiding to a range of $5.45 to $5.65. This includes an additional quarter of interest expense in Q1 2025 and as mentioned earlier, we expect the divestiture of our Purification & Filtration business to be neutral to earnings per share when closed later this year. Before we move on, regarding tariffs. Our guidance does not assume any tariff impact at this time, given the current dynamic environment and an inability to predict potential financial impact. We are also providing free cash flow guidance in the range of $450 million to $550 million, which contemplates capital expenditures between $350 million and $450 million as well as annualizing higher interest expense and onetime separation expense. Before closing out, I also want to remind you that we anticipate Q1 results will be the quarter most impacted by both foreign exchange headwinds and timing of spend. When coupled with the expected pace of increased restructuring savings through 2025. Q1 is the expected low point for both operating margins and earnings per share with improvement through the balance of the year. In conclusion, we wrapped up an incredibly busy and eventful inaugural year following the completion of the spin and are progressing on our journey as a new public company, delivering three consecutive quarters of better-than-expected performance, which is particularly encouraging given the complex and highly entangled separation. We've consistently delivered on our near-term financial objectives, while executing on our separation activities and focusing on turning around the business. Looking ahead, we'll continue to execute on our three-phased approach to transform our business, and we use our collective expertise in health, material and data science to deliver on our mission. While we know this turnaround will take time and focused investment, we are encouraged by the early meaningful progress and remain well positioned to execute our value creation plan. We look forward to our upcoming Investor Day when we plan to share more about the path ahead including our long-range financial guidance. With that, I'll now hand it back to the operator for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Jason Bednar: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. I don't think I heard, Bryan or Wayde, a buildup or a construction of the organic growth by segment. So just as we're thinking about modeling out the business, not just on a sequential basis, but also across the various segments. Is there any other color you can give like MedSurg kind of at or above the range, Dental below the range? Anything like that would be very helpful.
Wayde McMillan: Jason, it's Wayde. As you mentioned, we're not providing guidance at the segment level. But what we would say is the initiatives that we have underway cuts across all four segments. So you know we've made structural changes in the business. We've been investing in talent and all that is designed to improve the commercial efforts within our business, and those are going to be more short-term improvements in nature. And then, of course, looking at new products and our innovation pipeline and looking to accelerate that as well. And so those are – both of those are taking root in all four of our segments. And so we would expect all of our businesses to continue to improve. We're just not giving specific guidance on the segment level.
Bryan Hanson: One other thing I'll just add, too, is in the coming Investor Day on March 20, we'll have an opportunity for the president of each of the businesses to get up, talk about their business. And that will give you some more color on what they would expect. Again, we're not even at that meeting going to give guidance by business, but you'll get a better feel of what they're thinking.
Jason Bednar: All right, looking forward to that. Thank you. And then just the free cash flow guidance was a little bit lighter than we were thinking. I think you mentioned some things in there, not just around CapEx, but interest payments. Is that a free cash flow after interest payments – or sorry, or I guess, is there anything else of one-time in there? Maybe I ask that in a wrong way, but just what's explaining that lighter guide at least relative to what we're modeling, and how others are probably modeling it as well?
Wayde McMillan: Yes. We are just a little bit below consensus there, and we were keeping an eye on that one because one of the things that we've been building up over time here is total cost of separation. So I think that's probably what you're getting at, Jason. So we've given the CapEx piece, and of course, we've got our earnings per share guidance out there. And so the piece really, I think, is separation that I would point people to. And the best way to really forecast that or model that would be to look at our Q4 exit rate of just over $130 million of non-GAAP separation-related costs. And you can run rate that into 2025. Just a little step up would be a good place to have it for 2025 because that's where our biggest spend is going to be. And then the good news from there is that we'll be stepping it down in 2026 and then another step down in 2027 when we complete most of the separation-related work. So 2025 is the year that we've got a lot of separation costs to transition out of our TSAs. And then as I mentioned, good-sized step down in 2026 and then again in 2027.
Jason Bednar: All right. Very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Bryan Hanson: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Wood from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Patrick Wood: Beautiful. I had one kind of financial question and then a quick follow-up. The 2026 SKU rationalization, I'm sure on the 20th you guys will get into this a little bit more, but just conceptually, is it fair to assume that while you're going to have 100 points of organic growth headwind on that side, that we should see something on the operating margin as those efficiencies from running that through the year are there. Is that just said that there will be some kind of an offset from the efficiencies below in the P&L?
Wayde McMillan: Yes, I'm glad you brought that one up, Patrick. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we will see some revenue as well as margin improvement, but it's really small. I think 10, 20 basis point type of improvements. So it's really about simplification of the business. That's really why we run the process and be able to get 8% of our SKUs out of the supply chain is big. And we also wanted to get in front of all the rebranding efforts that we have to do across all of our products. But at the same time, we do get a small benefit in sales growth and a small benefit in gross and operating margins, and that will be included in our long-range guide that we provided at the Investor Day coming up, but it's not the main reason for doing it.
Patrick Wood: That's really helpful. And then just as a quick follow-up. I appreciate the comments on M&A. If I dial my mind back to about a year ago or so when we were originally chatting, you guys were running way ahead in terms of restructuring the group with the P&F sale on that side. You're talking about M&A. I mean, I guess it's one thing financially to be in a place where you can execute. But how ready is the organization because there's a lot of work to do internally to bolt in new business without it being too disruptive. I'm just trying to understand how much that timeline on adding new assets has been pulled forward or not?
Bryan Hanson: Yes, it's a great question. I would say one of the nicest things about the P&F transaction is it does pull in the timeframe where we would be able to transact from an M&A perspective. It doesn't really change the strategy, but it definitely moves up our timeline. And we've been building capacity for that. We've been adding people that are capable in the area from a scouting perspective, from a deal negotiation standpoint, integration, you name it. And we really want to make sure that capacity wouldn't be a reason why we couldn't move forward with tuck-in M&A. The nice thing about this is that we're talking about smaller transactions here. We're in great markets. We don't have to do anything large. We don't have to do anything risky. We can just look at picking up innovation, driving into the commercial channel that we have and then getting more out of markets that we're in. So it does move our timeframe up. I believe we have the capacity to do it. I'd be thinking about early 2026 as the timeframe because there's – we want to make sure that we pay down debt, and we're on top of that for a period of time with a really nice leverage ratio, and then we'll start moving in that direction.
Patrick Wood: Super helpful. Thanks so much guys.
Wayde McMillan: Yes.
Bryan Hanson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Roman from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
David Roman: Thank you. Good evening, everybody. I wanted to maybe just to start with the topline performance that has improved as we've gone through the course of 2024. And I think you're right, it's pretty clear on the volume side that, that's driving the turnaround here and the pricing is unfolding as you have communicated. But maybe you could just sort of unpack for us what are the factors influencing the topline performance as you exit 2024? And how you kind of thought about those key underlying drivers as you put together the 2025 outlook.
Bryan Hanson: Maybe I'll start with that one, David, and then Wayde, if you want to add any color. I've been talking about the improvement that we need in what I just defined as three vectors. It's really not rocket science. There's only three ways that you start to collect growth in the businesses. That's either, one, commercial excellence. I want to call then organic or R&D innovation and then M&A, right? Those are the three vectors. I would just say on a commercial excellence, that's the fastest. It can almost be immediate, and I'll talk a little bit more about that in a second. The second is R&D, and that takes a little bit longer, usually 18 months to three years in the space that we're in from ideation to launch. And of course, M&A depends on your balance sheet, your readiness from a capacity standpoint and then very obviously, attractive assets that would need to be available. I'd just say that out of the gate here, we're very much focused on leveraging commercial excellence. That's the primary vector of improvement. And then, of course, some of the existing R&D pipeline that I talked about in my prepared remarks. But a lot of what we're focusing on now is commercial excellence. We've made significant changes in talent. We shifted the compensation towards growth. We've upscaled in our accountability culture. You've got to be urgent and accountable to deliver results in this organization now, not delivering results is not acceptable. We've increased the sophistication of our commercial operations. That's really important to be able to point the team in the right direction and give them the tools needed to be successful, and then we started the specialization of our teams as well. So that's the big push so far. But then again, we're taking advantage of some of those R&D gems that we found in a bit of an anemic pipeline, and we're going to be leveraging those in the short-term. But here's the thing, make no mistake, we are going to be building a stronger innovation pipeline. It is going to be driven off of the focused strategy that we're going to talk about coming in March 20, and we will use the P&F sale proceeds after we digest it for a period to move quicker into that M&A as well. But right now, just out of the gate, what you're seeing mainly is just traction on the commercial side of things.
Wayde McMillan: So I think Bryan covered that, obviously, really well. We've got a lot of good work going on there. David, I'll just affirm your comment around what we saw throughout 2024, and how that leads into 2025 outlook. So you're right, volume has continued to improve. So in the first half of the year, our growth was more than all price, meaning volume was declining. In the second half of the year, we saw that reverse, and we saw our price come into more of a normalized range, and we see volume now more than all the growth. And so we're seeing a nice momentum and build of volume improvement across our businesses. And as that momentum through Q4, that gives us the confidence to guide up like we are for 2025. And so just to highlight that in this vein of thinking, in 2025, we've got a 1% to 2% guide, but that now includes the 50 basis point of SKU headwind. So you normalize that's 1.5% to 2.5%, that's coming off of a year of 1.2%, where price was a good size in the first half of the year. And we're not assuming that for 2025, we think price will continue in this normalized range. And so we really are counting on the things that Bryan just mentioned, those improvements across the business. And that's what gives us confidence to guide in that 1.5% to 2.5% on a normalized basis for 2025.
David Roman: That's helpful. And I feel here to tell me that you're going to cover this next topic at the analyst meeting, but I'm hoping to get a little bit of color here, which is just on what's happening in your end markets? Because as I look at your performance and then the peers that we're able to track both on the public and private side, I'm having trouble finding what peers are growing at a rate that averages your growth back to 4% to 6%. So as you've gone through the separation here, is – maybe you could just sort of update us on your thoughts on what's happening in these end markets and where is the competition doing better than you? And maybe help us provide a little bit more color on the confidence you have in that market outlook?
Bryan Hanson: Maybe – so yes, I hate to punt to the Investor Day, but we'll talk more about at the Investor Day for sure. But I will talk about Dental because it's kind of a standout growth rate in the fourth quarter. And it's just incongruent with what I think everybody sees happening in the dental market. So if I just talk about that one. It's important to look at the fourth quarter as a good quarter, no question for the team, but it was an easy comment. And so the best way to think about our Dental performance is to blend it with Q3 because that's why the easy comp occurred. And if you do that, you're going to see it's kind of flattish, which is probably more indicative of what's happening in the market right now. As said, we are seeing some good performance in the new products that they're launching. And Karim, who is leader of that business, will talk more about it on March 20. But that one is the one that probably stands out as most incongruent in the quarter with the market and the other performance of other players in dental, but it's mainly because of a comp difference.
David Roman: Okay. We will look forward to more on the 20th. Thank you.
Bryan Hanson: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Steed from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Travis Steed: Hey, thanks for the question. Wayde, I wanted to touch on the operating margin guide, the 20% to 21% in 2025. It looks like you're already kind of at 21.3% since you've been post-spin. I know there's a lot of moving parts between that and in 2025. So just trying to – if there's a way to think about kind of the puts and takes on that 2025 op margin guidance, if there's a way to kind of evaluate the underlying performance of your margin expansion and progression over the course of the year, and how to think about kind of the puts and takes there?
Wayde McMillan: Sure. Yes. And it certainly has been a journey. Our first quarter when we went public in Q2, which is really before any changes were made to the business, we had 20.7% operating margins. And then as you've seen from there, we've continued to make investments in our critical functions to stand up our public company as well as growth investments throughout the year. As you mentioned, Travis, many puts and takes across the separation and spin. But the way that I would have people look at it and it's the way we're looking at it is after three quarters, we've really settled into our business model. We've made those critical investments we needed to make in functions. And when we talk about that, we mean areas like cybersecurity, our controllership accounting teams, our legal compliance teams, so we made the investments that we felt necessary to stand up this public company. We've also layered in growth investments. And so as we exit the year, Q4 at 20.4%. We think that is the run rate that will now carry into 2025, and then we'll start to build upon it. And so we've got a guidance range of 20% to 21%, but I would remind people that we also have the additional 50 basis point headwind in 2025 as we annualize the costs from the 3M separation-related agreement where they can step up costs. And so we had 50 basis points this year. We'll have an additional 50 basis points next year as we annualize it. So we're starting with that 20% to 21% operating margin. And that's – as you all know, 2025 will be the first year of four quarters for the business, and then we'll go to work on improving operating margins from there.
Travis Steed: Okay. Thank you. And then congrats on the P&F divestiture. But I did want to ask, first of all, is that when you think about the kind of the divestiture of the business and the potential to simplify the portfolio, is the P&F divestiture kind of the one big one? Or is this going to be other things coming potentially over the course of the next few years? And then on the P&F divestitures, a little hard for us to get the models to EPS neutral. So curious how you're thinking about the conservatism built into the EPS impact of that divestiture?
Bryan Hanson: Wayde, why don't you start with the neutral view on 2025, specifically? Maybe talk about the annualized version the first. And then I'll talk about other part of the question?
Wayde McMillan: Sure. Yes, I'm glad you brought that one up, Travis, because I see a lot of people looking at this on an annualized basis, and that's not obviously how it's going to play out this year. So on an annualized basis, I would agree it's accretive. However, we're planning to close this divestiture sometime in the second half as we progress to the end of the year. And so keep in mind, the EPS impact is dependent upon the timing of the close, the timing and the cost of the tender of the debt and then obviously, timing of stranded cost reductions. So we don't know what month specifically the deal will close. It will be in the second half. But how fast we can tender the debt post close and at what cost has to be factored in as well. So there'll be a shorter period of time of interest savings than EBITDA savings. So it's not just a simple 12-month math as some people may be thinking. So altogether, we're planning for the deal to be neutral here in 2025.
Bryan Hanson: Hopefully, that helps. I think some people are looking at it on an annualized basis, and that math obviously make sense that you see it as creative. But just given the timing of 2025, it's going to be neutral. Just on the other part of your question, Travis, I guess the way I would answer it is that not answer that you're going to get these situations, I suppose, but maybe I'll give you some color. I think it's pretty obvious that portfolio optimization is a – it's an ongoing process. I think the best leadership teams look at this in a perpetual way and are always looking at the value of their portfolio. And we're going to continue to do that. We're going to assess the value of our businesses, and we're going to make thoughtful decisions on where we're going to invest and where we're not just like we've said from the beginning. And I probably want to make sure that I underline if we determined at some point in the future that a business is more highly valued elsewhere, then we'll consider all the appropriate variables to determine whether we should do a transaction. And we're going to do the normal stuff that everybody does, which is, does it make sense for shareholders? Is it strategic and financial benefit to the company? Do we have the organizational capacity? But very importantly for us, we need to make sure that we're always considering tax consideration, tax implications. Do we do anything that could disrupt the tax-free nature of the spin? And then obviously, if we're still connected with 3M, when we do a transaction, that TSA bridging is another variable that we have to consider. But I guess the short story is it's a never-ending process when you look at portfolio optimization.
Travis Steed: Great. Thanks for that.
Bryan Hanson: Sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Vik Chopra from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Vikramjeet Chopra: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the questions. Two for me. I appreciate the situation where tariffs is dynamic. But can you help us understand how much of your manufacturing is coming from Mexico? How much flexibility you have to move production elsewhere and to take price to offset any tariff impact? And then I had a follow-up, please.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. I could take that one. And it is certainly the topic of the day, Vik. And so like others, we're obviously concerned and we're monitoring this very closely. All we know at this point really is that China has had the 10% tariff put on it from the U.S. And given that that's implemented, we are including that small piece in our guide, but it's very small relatively, given our limited imports from China. But it's really too early to speculate, and that's why we're not including any large tariff impact or potential speculative impact in our guide because we really don't know where this is going to land, and there's certainly timing dynamics where it seems to be very fluid and changing a lot. Having said that, we do believe our global footprint likely has less exposure than the other countries. And we have less manufacturing in China. We have one plant there, two in Mexico and one in Canada. And so relative to others, we do think we probably have less exposure. But having said that, we do have plants and businesses in these regions. And depending on where this lands, there may be an impact from tariffs. But at this point, we're not going to speculate on what it is. Maybe the last thing I would just add is one of our segments, HIS, does not have manufacturing production. So it does not have any exposure. So in addition to a lot of our manufacturing being within the U.S. One of our segments doesn't have any exposure at all. So relative to others, we're probably going to have less exposure. And then to your specific question on Mexico, I mentioned we have two plants there. A small percentage of our sales is in those three countries, China, Mexico, Canada, and pretty relatively small percentage of our production as well.
Vikramjeet Chopra: Great. Thanks for that. Helpful color. And my follow-up question is you've sold the Purification & Filtration business. The majority of the proceeds will be used to repay debt. But are there any plans to initiate a dividend or buy back any stock? Thank you.
Bryan Hanson: You probably don't want me answering that.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. I could certainly take this one. As you mentioned, Vik, and we've had in our prepared remarks there, primarily all the proceeds are going to go down to paying debt. Regarding a share repurchase and dividend, we are not planning those. One of the reasons is related to our 3M agreements. So in our tax matters agreement with 3M, there are certain restrictions with respect to asset sales. And so based on those restrictions, we can't use proceeds for things like share repurchase. So I'll just back up and remind everybody about our capital plan priorities that we've been communicating since our first Investor Day and the spin, where first priority is funding the operations of the business and paying down debt. And that's exactly what we're doing here. And then it also positions us for tuck-in acquisitions, as we've mentioned a couple of times here, and that hasn't changed. So the good news is we're now in a position with the delevered and stronger balance sheet to go on offense with M&A.
Vikramjeet Chopra: Great. Thank you.
Bryan Hanson: Thanks, Vik.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Rick Wise from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Frederick Wise: Thank you and good evening, Bryan. Hi, Wayde. Maybe I'll ask another guidance question. I would expect nothing less than from Wayde, I would expect more from you, Bryan. I'm sure this is thoughtfully and balanced guidance when we look at the topline growth and the EPS outlook. Maybe you could help us better understand, we've heard a lot of the headwinds in the incremental, the SKU exit impacts, but help us understand that upper end of the guidance range and the things that you're counting on to go right, what gets you to that top end? What could do even – help you do even better? And maybe there's color around commercial execution or some of the new products in MedSurg. Just help us better understand the upper end of things.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. That's a great question. It's – the way that I look at it is one, and probably one of the most important ones is not necessarily commercially based, at least not from a performance standpoint, it is the ERP cutovers. If we can get through the ERP cutovers, we've got two pretty material ones coming up this year in 2025. We've got serious mitigation plans in place to make sure that we don't have any disruption. But those things can be – they can be fickle. And so that's one of the things we're looking at that would – if it goes really well, it helps us get to the top end of that range. If it doesn't go well, then that could push us down to the bottom part of the range. That's probably the biggest variable that's to some extent in under our control, but even the best laid plans don't typically survive first contact with the enemy, right. So that's one. The second one is that this commercial piece that I talked about. We have hired some really, really good talent. We have a completely new disciplined model in the way that we're going to market. We're specializing the sales organization. We've picked our growth drivers, and we're going to be doubling down in those areas. So if we pick the right growth drivers and we deliver with that execution model, that helps us get to the top end of the range. No question about it. There's not much we can do to add incremental R&D at this point. That ideation process takes a while, like I mentioned. But we are going to try to find the gems in the portfolio. We're going to get more aggressive on the prediction of growth in those areas, and we're going to build the capacity around them. And right now, a perfect example, Peel and Place and Clinpro, two great products, we way underclubbed because of conservatism, what we felt those products could do, we don't have the capacity to sell them. So we've got to do a better job of that in 2025 because those products are already in the queue. But those are the two biggest things – the three biggest things actually that I believe can help us get to the top end of the range. The one that just going to keep you up at night is that ERP cutover. We got to do our job to mitigate that.
Frederick Wise: Got you. That's great, Bryan. And maybe just last for me, just a more focused one. We haven't talked much about HIS. And I just wanted to – not knowing much about this space really. I just wanted to better understand when you talk about 50% to 90% of cases can be automated in the autonomous coding. Just where are we, and where are you in realizing this opportunity? What are you expecting? What are you assuming for this year? It's now going to be post this sale, a bigger piece and a more important piece of the business. So just help update us. I know we'll talk more about it at the Analyst Day, too. Thank you, Bryan.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, absolutely, Rick. So I will never do the same justice that Garri will do when she gets up on stage and she presents her business, but I'll give you the importance of autonomous coding from a layman's perspective. And here's what you've got to know about revenue cycle management. It is a very labor-intensive process with a lot of things that change. And what you typically find, it's hard to find the people that know how to do the coding. So you're always pressed on being able to get people to do this well, and they make mistakes. It's just humanity. It's going to make mistakes. And so what we're trying to do is to take the pressure on the FTE side of the equation out of the equation by doing autonomous coding. I would say we're early in the phases of this. We've got to prove it out. But we do believe that the technology could apply to 50% to 90% of cases. That's significant. That's important. Now we've got to prove that it works, and we've got to be able to validate that our autonomous coding could do it as well as people can, if not better. But the idea would be you take that labor challenge out of the picture, you also reduce mistakes because you've got an AI system that's going to be able to do it likely better without the mistakes than a human would do, and you bring down the cost and the efficiency as a result of it. It's pretty exciting for us because we're so highly penetrated with Encompass 360, which is our software package for RCM. This is the next potential area of growth, that and data integrity, which is another interesting area that you'll hear more about on March 20th. But I like what I'm hearing. We just got to prove it out.
Frederick Wise: Thank you so much.
Bryan Hanson: Absolutely.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Amy for closing remarks.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you, Ellie, and thank you to everyone who joined us. Thank you for listening and for your questions. We appreciate your interest in Solventum. If you have follow-up questions or need anything else, please don't hesitate to reach out directly. This concludes our fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. Ellie, you can now close us out.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Amy, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Solventum Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Kevin Moran, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Kevin Moran: Good afternoon, and welcome. Today, we will discuss Solventum's third quarter fiscal 2024 results, along with an update to our 2024 outlook. Just after market close today, a press release was issued with our earnings results and updated outlook. The press release and earnings presentation are available on the Investors section of the Solventum website. Joining me today are Bryan Hanson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Wayde McMillan, our Chief Financial Officer. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. For a full description of these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings and the forward-looking statement slide at the beginning of our presentation. Please note that during our discussion, our comments will all be on a non-GAAP basis, unless they are specifically called out as GAAP. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for all relevant periods can be found in the schedules attached to our press release. For the Q&A portion of today's call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Bryan.
Bryan Hanson: All right. Great. Thanks, Kevin, and thanks to everyone for joining us for the call today. Hard to believe, but we've already completed our second quarter as an independent company. And I'd tell you that I'm increasingly encouraged by the progress our team is making against our phased approach to transform this business. And just as a reminder, for those that might be new to the story, we look at transformation in Solventum in 2 ways. The first one is the turnaround of our business performance; and the second is just obviously standing Solventum up as an independent company. Both of these vectors provide a real opportunity to drive shareholder value. And then looking at the quarter, Q3 is yet another data point that speaks to the team's overall progress in this transformation and the success of our business continuity efforts, which we clearly see as being reflected in both the performance in the quarter and our ability to raise our full year guidance for the second consecutive quarter. We saw positive top line growth in Q3 despite a challenging year-over-year comparison. And as a result, as I just referenced, we're raising our full year organic growth rate to the upper half of our prior guidance of flat to 1%, and we're increasing our adjusted EPS and free cash flow guidance ranges as well. We saw operating margins improve sequentially, benefiting from some one-time items that helped offset the known incremental headwind from the 3M supply agreement markups and following our disciplined capital allocation strategy, we paid down $200 million of debt during the quarter. This should clearly show that we are committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating and prioritizing debt paydown. When thinking about our progress to date, I'm just incredibly proud of our teams for their continued and steady performance, especially as they continue to work through separation-related activities and challenges. And I want to make sure that I take a minute to say thank you really to all the solvers that I know are listening out there today. It is your continued focus on working through the separation, maintaining business continuity and most importantly, as we always talk about, delivering for our customers. It is greatly appreciated, it is a clear testament to your resolve to move our mission forward. Okay. Moving from Q3. I'd also like to give an update on our phased approach to stabilizing and separating the business, repositioning us for profitable growth and optimizing the portfolio. I'll start with Phase 1. And Phase 1 really is just firmly taken hold as we've made significant progress on our mission, talent, culture and structure as well as separation activities, all of which are critical and I would actually say foundational for driving business growth. It's hard to believe, again, but it's been 7 months since the spin and our culture is rapidly taking shape, our new leaders continue to gel as a team, learn and assess the business and finalize our go-forward strategy. And the energy across the organization remains high with tangible excitement as I travel around the world for our new mission at Solventum. We also continue to advance our planning for the Solventum Way restructuring project. This project is focused on creating a more flexible, more decentralized structure that ultimately will complement our culture shift, and it will focus on allowing us to create headroom to invest for growth while also concentrating on margins. As we finalize the plan, we're going to provide more context to the project and also obviously includes some expected financial impacts. Given our progress to date, our current project cadence, we are on track to complete the largest majority of Phase 1 activities within our original 12- to 24-month timeline. Just overall, I'd say in this area, I'm really encouraged by our progress, and I'm impressed with the team's ability to manage through the challenges and keep us on track. Okay. Let's move to Phase 2. As we've referenced in the past, Phase 2 is focused on a long-range plan that will unlock the profitable growth potential of our business, just really ensuring we take full advantage of the attractive markets that we play in. And as a reminder, because we were able to accelerate talent acquisition in Phase 1, we've been able to compress the timeline in Phase 2, now enabling us to share both our long-range plan and our 2025 guidance during the fourth quarter earnings call that we have coming up in February. And as a reminder, some of the elements of the plan will be, first and foremost, our primary market and submarket selection, again, those markets in submarkets where we will concentrate our efforts on a go-forward basis. And as you would expect, the market selection in this process has biased towards those markets that are faster growth, markets where we have an ability to win and markets that have relative profitability benefits versus our other markets. Inside of these markets, we're also going to be selecting our growth driver initiatives and those will be intended to drive scale and share in these attractive areas. And I would just say that we continue to make solid progress, and we remain on track to finalize these decisions before the end of the year. And this is critical because final decisions here will facilitate the shifting of our commercial, R&D and eventually M&A resources to these growth driver areas and this disciplined focus will help us improve the vitality index and the overall innovation of our businesses, which is a key variable in accelerating our growth. Now that said, even before this shift occurs, we do have some recent product launches that are absolutely worth mentioning. Let's just start with MedSurg. In the quarter, we officially launched in the V.A.C. Peel and Place dressing that we've been talking about. This product gives us 3 advantages: The first is simplifying the procedure; the second is reducing procedure time; and the third is reducing the number of dressing changes per week. All of these combined give us the opportunity to reach a broader set of patients across multiple sites of care. And I would say, out of the gate, the very positive early response we're getting from customers has us focus now on increasing capacity of this product and orienting our commercial structure to drive adoption. Okay. Moving to our Dental Solutions business, we launched the Clinpro Clear Fluoride Treatment, which we believe, and I would tell you, early customer response would indicate, it is a meaningful advancement in fluoride treatment technology. Clinpro is focused on making the fluoride application process simpler for the caregiver, first and foremost, and then improving the experience for the patients. And again, early customer response is positive and would indicate that the product is delivering on its intended outcome. In our Health Information Systems business in collaboration with Sift Healthcare, we recently introduced a new AI-driven payment integrity solution that we're calling the Solventum Revenue Integrity system. This focuses on improving our customers' reimbursement leakage by predicting reimbursement pretty much at every step of the patient journey, and it's intended to not only reduce denials but potentially prevent them altogether, really helping our customers ensure that they get the timely and accurate payer reimbursement that they deserve. All right. And finally, in our Purification and Filtration business, we recently launched a new product in our Harvest RC family. And this latest addition is focused on improving our customers' manufacturing process. By streamlining time, by streamlining cost of producing, reducing risk during scaling and boosting overall productivity with a clear goal of helping companies bring therapies to market more quickly and with less risk. Now these recent launches are encouraging. There's no question. Now they may take a little time to deliver measurable results, but they are just the tip of the spear when it comes to a refocused R&D effort that will begin in earnest and during 2025, again, aligning with the selection of our growth driver areas. Okay. So let's move on to Phase 3, our portfolio optimization phase. As I've shared previously, we have been actively assessing the value contribution and the strategic alignment of our markets and businesses. This work has been well underway since announcing our 3-phased plan back at our Investor Day in March. We continue to make progress against this effort. And at the right time, we will discuss Phase 3 in more detail. I think it's important to reiterate on these phases that all phases are not sequential. They are running concurrently. So parts may be in execution mode, parts may be in planning mode, but all are moving forward at one time. Okay. To close my section out, I'd just like to say that while we are clearly off to a solid start, it is not lost on us that revenue growth remains below market. As we've said, this performance turnaround will take time, but rest assured, we are moving with urgency while also being thoughtful and strategic about building and investing for the long-term. We have an incredible opportunity ahead of us and by focusing on the right areas with the appropriate investments, we are setting the foundation for growth acceleration and ultimately, significant value creation. Okay. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Wayde. Wayde?
Wayde McMillan: Thanks, Bryan, and thanks to everyone at Solventum for the extra effort to separate from 3M and position us to report a strong second quarter as a public company. As you heard from Bryan, we are tracking to our separation and execution plans across all three phases. I'll focus on updates related to Phase 1 before getting into Q3 financial performance and then wrapping up with guidance. We're continuing to advance our separation efforts. This includes our manufacturing strategy and site selection for our new manufacturing facilities as well as transitioning to our stand-alone distribution centers. We have also made good progress to advance our product licenses and rebranding transitions. We have changed our commercial distribution models in over 60 countries, created structure and hired staff all ahead of schedule. Shifting to IT. We have implemented new ERP systems in 4 countries and will continue to roll out globally over the next couple of years. Overall, it's great to see these early successes and our team's resilience as we manage through this complex separation from 3M. Turning now to our Q3 results starting with sales. For the third quarter of 2024, sales of $2.1 billion increased 30 basis points compared to the prior year on an organic basis, with reported growth increasing 40 basis points, slightly ahead of expectations due to some order timing in the U.S. During the quarter, foreign exchange was approximately neutral. Price was flat for the quarter as we have now normalized from 2023 actions and volume was slightly favorable. From a year-over-year growth perspective, recall that Q3 had a tough comparison. Moving to the segments. Our largest segment, MedSurg, delivered $1.2 billion of sales, an increase of 1% on an organic basis. Within infection prevention and surgical solutions, we saw continued adoption of our antimicrobial IV site management solutions with the growth of Tegaderm IV dressing. Sales growth also benefited from continued positive trends in OEM products. Performance in these areas was partially offset by negative pressure wound therapy. Our Dental segment delivered $313 million of revenue, a decrease of 3.9%. This decline reflects challenging market conditions and the fact that this segment faced the toughest year-over-year comparison among all 4 segments. Our Health Information Systems segment contributed $326 million of revenue, an increase of 1.5%, which benefited from growth of our revenue cycle management platform, 360 Encompass. Strength in revenue cycle management was partially offset by declines in Performance Management Solutions and continued headwinds in clinician productivity solutions. Finally, the Purification and Filtration segment delivered $238 million of sales, a decline of 0.3%, which was impacted by declines in drinking water filtration and dialysis membranes, partially offset by better-than-expected strength in bioprocessing filtration and newly expanded capacity in industrial filtration. Looking down the P&L, gross margins were 57.3% in the quarter, ahead of our expectations and down 100 basis points versus prior year. On a sequential basis, gross margins increased 180 basis points. This included approximately 100 basis points of one-time benefits, which offset the impact of the 3M supply agreement markup. We anticipate some of this one-time benefit will partially reverse in Q4. As expected, operating expenses increased versus the prior year. When excluding the impact of approximately $30 million of discrete items in Q2 2024, operating expenses in Q3 also increased sequentially. As we have shared before, the added spend reflects public company stand-up costs and growth investments to support our business transformation. We expect the magnitude of the increase in Q4 to be similar sequentially to what was seen in Q3 off the normalized Q2. In total, we delivered adjusted operating income of $475 million, which translates to operating margin of 22.8% ahead of expectations given both sales and the one-time benefits in gross margin. Moving down the P&L to nonoperating items. Our net interest expense benefited sequentially from a higher cash balance. Lastly, our effective tax rate of 22.4% puts us on track for our full year expected tax rate of 18% to 19%. All in, we delivered earnings per share of $1.64 ahead of our expectations. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $772 million in cash and equivalents with no outstanding borrowings on our credit facility. We generated $75 million of free cash flow in Q3, which includes making the first semiannual interest payment, bringing our year-to-date free cash flow total to $712 million. Importantly, we're committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating and given strong year-to-date cash flows, paid down $200 million of our $1.5 billion prepayable term loans earlier than anticipated. We continue to expect debt paydown will remain the priority into fiscal 2026. We maintained strong liquidity and financial position with continued free cash flow generation in addition to our unused $2 billion revolving credit facility. Now turning to our 2024 outlook. We expect improved organic sales growth to be in the upper half of our full year guidance range of flat to up 1%. This reflects our performance year-to-date and continued execution of our separation plans. While we are not changing our full year foreign currency impact expectation of approximately 50 basis points unfavorable, given recent rates, we do expect foreign currency to be a headwind in Q4. For earnings per share, we are raising our guidance to $6.50 to $6.65 on our improved sales outlook and stronger Q3 gross margins. We're also raising our free cash flow guidance to a range of $750 million to $850 million to reflect both continued strong cash flow generation and the expectation that capital expenditures will come in toward the lower end of the $400 million to $500 million range we provided earlier this year. In conclusion, we are off to a solid start as a new public company, delivering 2 consecutive quarters, a better-than-expected performance, which is encouraging given the complex and highly entangled separation. We're delivering on our near-term financial commitments, executing on our separation activities and focusing on turning around the business, while raising the top and bottom-line guidance for the year. Looking ahead, we will continue to execute on our phased approach to transform our business, and we'll use our collective expertise in health, material and data science to deliver our mission. While we know this turnaround will take time and focused investment, we're encouraged by the meaningful progress and remain well-positioned to execute our value-creation plan. I'll now hand it back to the operator for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Travis Steed with Bank of America.
Travis Steed: I wanted to ask first on the Q4 EPS guidance of $1.22 to $1.37. First, a little bit below the Street, anything to call out there? But really the question is more about what that implies about 2025. If you annualize that at the midpoint, it's around  $5.20. Looking at the Street numbers next year, the wide range, $5.30 to $5.80 and just trying to figure out, should we be closer to the lower end of that range, higher end of that range? Just any color so we get models in the right place for 2025 would be helpful.
Wayde McMillan: Travis, it's Wayde. We'll start with the Q4 EPS that you mentioned. So really, what you're talking about is what's driving the decline here from Q3 to Q4. So a few things that we have to keep in mind is we had some timing benefits that we called out in gross margin, which will benefit Q3, and those were one-time in nature, and they'll partially reverse here in Q4. So that's the biggest change and really the biggest impact to Q4. We had favorability -- additional favorability in Q3 that will be a headwind for Q4. And then continued investment -- as we continue to invest in operations and ramp our operating expenses, the -- as we said in our prepared remarks, it will be a similar ramp from Q3 to Q4 as we saw from Q2 normalized to Q3. So both the standup cost of standing up the company as well as our growth investments. And then we called out as well at this point in time, expecting FX to be a headwind. So those are things that are new to Q4 that have to be contemplated in the Q4 earnings per share. But having said all that, we are also raising our EPS guidance for the full year, given the strength of Q3, even though some of it was one-time in nature. And we're going to give some of that back in Q4 for the year, very happy to be raising our EPS guidance. And then you mentioned 2025 as well. We're not guiding to 2025 yet. Certainly, lots of moving pieces as we are in our first year here post-separation. We've got a lot going on to grow revenue, expand margins and then the resulting EPS growth over time. I think it's really pretty well understood that 2025 will be pressured by the annualization of some costs post-spin. As a reminder, we spun in Q2 of 2024. So we just have this natural annualization in Q1 of 2025. And that's going to show up in operating margin in a few areas. We've got the 3M supply markup that impacts COGS. So we'll annualize that in the first half of next year. And then we've got our standup functional expenses, which are ramping this year. We'll annualize those next year. We're making growth investments. Some we've made this year, some will be continue to be made next year. And then we also have the SKU rationalization program that we're contemplating, Wave 2 and how much of a headwind that could be in the extent of those Wave 2 plants for next year. And then below the line, we've got things to consider there as well. We've got the annualization of interest expense and then our normalizing tax. And so we certainly got a lot going on to annualize the business into next year. And then as we talked about in prepared remarks, we also have our Solventum Way restructuring program, which could give us some tailwind into next year. That program is really designed to do both fund our investments as well as give us some additional margin enhancement. And we'll be putting all of that together into our calculus for 2025. And that will be when we report our Q4 earnings results. We'll give our 2025 guidance. So having said all that, once we move beyond those items in 2025, we've got a great platform here for which to grow earnings per share and expand margins over time.
Travis Steed: And the follow-up question I have is on how you're thinking about portfolio management and managing the dilution around that. I don't know if you're thinking through. Any updated thoughts on portfolio management would be helpful.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. I could probably start that one just from a dilution standpoint, we haven't communicated anything in portfolio management yet, so we really can't comment on any dilution at all or how the net impact of any portfolio moves will be. So really no comment there. But I don't know, Bryan, if you just want to talk about our strategy in Phase 3 around portfolio management.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I mean I think we've been pretty front-footed on that all the way going back to March, we've talked about Phase 3 as being portfolio optimization. Obviously, Travis, we wouldn't make those decisions if we didn't think it was good for shareholders. And so we'll look at any dilution and offset that dilution. But just know that we're looking at our businesses from a strategic standpoint, we're looking at the value contribution of those businesses and eventually at some point when we have the right data in front of us, we'll begin to share if there's any changes that we're going to make. But we would be thinking about the financial implications of any change. And certainly, we want to make sure it's good for shareholders.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Patrick Wood with Morgan Stanley.
Patrick Wood: I guess the first one, I'm just curious, do you have any updated timeline on the TSAs? And how we're thinking about those rolling off? And how are you thinking about reinvestment as those begin to roll off?
Wayde McMillan: Patrick, it's Wayde. Yes. So I think the update on the TSAs is really that we're 7 months, almost 8 months in post-spin here, we're making good progress, as we mentioned, in our prepared remarks. But we're also right at the front end of this. If you look at the Investor Day presentation that we did back in March, we laid out the 4 main work streams, 4 main TSAs. And you'll see there that they're in the range of either 2 to 3 years, 3 to 4 years where we've got the long supply continuity timeline of up to 10 to 12 years. So here we sit in the first year. We don't have any updates on those timelines. I think once we start getting nearer to the 2-year mark, 3-year mark, 4-year marks, that's when we'll be starting to roll off of these different TSAs. So a lot of work going on within the business. A lot of folks doing just really yeoman's work of trying to separate the business while they do their day-to-day jobs. And as Bryan said in our prepared remarks, we really appreciate all the Solventum employees around the world, taking care of the separation work while they're working through their day-to-day jobs. So a lot to update in the future. But at this point, nothing beyond what we had in the prepared remarks.
Patrick Wood: No, of course. I completely get that. And the follow-up is a little specific, but the traditional negative pressure was a little softer, but disposable was strong. Is that -- to your mind in the market is that a switch out, right? So are we seeing a transition from that more capital equipment reusable sites disposable? Or are they completely separate and disposables gaining traction but it's like something else, I don't know, foam or hydrocolloids that are taking the traditional side? What's going on in that market?
Bryan Hanson: Yes. Patrick, thanks for the question. So I would say that there were a couple of things going on with negative pressure wound therapy in the quarter. One that I think is important to note is we had a tough comp -- a tough comp generally speaking in the quarter, but that, in particular, was one that was hit -- one of the hardest in MedSurg so that was part of it. And to answer your question specifically, they are separate. So the Prevena product line, which is our single-use is -- it's a very exciting market, a submarket of negative pressure wound therapy, and that is growing pretty steadily. We're doing well with that product, and we continue to see that kind of traction in Q3, and we expect it to happen beyond as well. The traditional negative pressure wound therapy is historically slower growth. We do feel like there's real opportunity to unlock growth in that market as well. The Peel and Place product that I referenced in the prepared remarks is one of the mechanisms to do that and the team is pretty excited about that launch.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vik Chopra with Wells Fargo.
Vikramjeet Chopra: First one for me, I didn't hear an update on the SKU rationalization project. Any update there would be great. And if you can also let us know when we expect to start seeing benefits from this program? And then I had a follow-up, please.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. Vik, it's Wayde. So you may recall in last quarter, we mentioned that we had Wave 1 that was launched this year, and we're in the process of executing upon that. And they've got a significant number of SKUs out, over 3,000 SKUs that the team is working on and that will have very little impact on top and bottom line. We're also working on Wave 2, but we don't have any update yet. Teams are just working through that, working through the modeling of it. And Bryan and I will be reviewing that here as we get towards the end of the year and make a decision on what SKU rationalization will look like in 2025?
Vikramjeet Chopra: And my follow-up question was on the Dental segment. I know you called out tough comps, but you also called out market softness. Just wondering what your expectations are for recovery for the dental market and how you're thinking about growth in 2025?
Bryan Hanson: Yes. So maybe I'll take a crack at that one. So I can't predict when we're going to see that softness turn. But it is impacting our business, but probably the bigger impact for us again was comps in the dental business. We see softness in the market impacting our business. But given the portfolio that we have and just the procedures that we typically play in that are less elective in nature, we don't usually get as impacted as other players in the dental space. So it's a negative pressure on our business for sure, but not maybe as much as other players in dental. I don't know that I want to speak to when we're going to see that turnaround for us. We're going to focus on what we keep control. And the team is pretty excited about the Clinpro product launch. It doesn't sound that amazing when you talk about fluoride treatment, but it's a pretty amazing innovation in that space, and our customers are seeing it that way. The good news is we got a lot of demand as a result of it. The bad news is we don't have the capacity for it right now. So we're working hard to get capacity in place and support that demand.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Roman with Goldman Sachs.
David Roman: Wayde, I was hoping you could maybe unpack a little bit of the drivers in the gross margin line. And specifically, this is a line, obviously, where there are a lot of moving parts. And last quarter, you had some discrete headwinds around international and OEM mix. This quarter, you had some tailwind dynamics. And I believe the full recognition of the 3M supply agreement reflected in there. So as we think about a baseline normalized gross margin, is that 56% and change number a good starting point? And how should we just think about the different moving parts around this line item, whether that's potential SKU rationalization, business mix investments you're making to expand your own supply chain independents, et cetera?
Wayde McMillan: David, thanks. I'm glad you asked that question because there is a lot of moving pieces on this one. And we took a little extra care to put some additional information in the prepared remarks, but it's always good to talk about it here in Q&A. So I'm glad you brought it up. So just to summarize, we had approximately 100 basis points of one-time benefits here in Q3, and that offset the impact of the 3M supply agreement markup in the quarter. We do expect part of that 3M benefit to reverse in Q4, which results in a lower margin in Q4, as you mentioned, and then, as you also mentioned, recall that in Q2, we had some unfavorable higher international cost impacts in gross margin, and that is some of what we saw reverse here in Q3. So if you package all that together, we had some headwinds in Q2 that somewhat reversed in Q3 and then we get a benefit in Q3 that will also be a headwind in Q4. So I think one way to think about this, David, would be to take Q2 and Q3 and put them together and then use an assumption for the 3M step-up as well as some of the benefit here. I think what you'll do is come out below -- just below that 56% that you're talking about.
David Roman: That's super helpful. And I appreciate on the portfolio management side but that's a continuously evolving process. But maybe, Bryan, you could help us think through like when you talk about kind of value to the organization. They're sort of like the one way to look at was it's just pure dilution from an EPS perspective. The other way to think about it is how it fits in strategically, whether that's opportunities for cross-divisional product development or commercialization where you have the right to win. Like HIS is a great market, but it may not fit necessarily with the MedSurg business. So help us kind of think about the parameters that you're using to assess the portfolio management decisions.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I mean, you hit them pretty well. If you think about where we're going to invest, I think that's the most important because you've got to know where you're going to invest, didn't know where you're not going to invest and then you make decisions from there, what you're going to do in those not invest areas. But the areas we're going to contrate on, first and foremost, are the fastest growth markets that we have. We need to make sure that anything we're going to invest in gives us positive mix from a revenue growth standpoint. So that's #1. Number two, as I talked about in prepared remarks and you just referenced, it is to make sure that we concentrate in areas where we do believe we have a pathway to win, right? We have to be in a market position that is favorable and where we believe we have the right to win in that space. And the third is really important as well, going back to mix. But from a margin perspective, we want to make sure that we have a good margin profile in the markets or businesses where we're going to be investing as well. If we're going to grow fast in those businesses, and we don't have attractive margins, then we're going to get negative mix and we don't want that in margin. So those are the primary areas. And to your point, where do our businesses connect and work in a 1 plus 1 potentially be a 3? Is there value in that? It doesn't have to be there, but that's a nice add as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel.
Frederick Wise: Bryan, just reflecting on your opening comments about your increasing encouragement of the progress that's been made. Maybe focusing that thought towards the MedSurg business again. Help us better understand how the new sales and leadership team you brought in place are affecting the business, how the new Peel and Place wound product that you're talking about, how is it going to -- how are some of these changes concretely going to affect the business as you reorient sales as you rethink compensation and just talk through that, if you would, and help us think about where you expect over the next year or 2. What's that translate in terms of growth in these early days of Solventum for the MedSurg piece?
Bryan Hanson: Yes. Thanks, Rick. And I think it's a good proxy actually for the entire business, to be honest, because it's a similar game plan almost across all businesses and functions. But it makes a big difference. If you think about just MedSurg in particular, we've made some pretty significant changes. And if you think them -- think about the deficiency in revenue growth versus market. First thing you need to do is do a root cause analysis. Why am I underperforming markets that are attractive today? And when you do that root cause analysis, you find where those deficiencies lie. And they can be in 3 different areas. We're already in attractive markets, so we know that's not one. But it could be that you don't have the rigor in place from a commercial standpoint that's pretty easy to fix. So if we get the right talent in place, we start to then as a result of that talent, get better mechanisms to drive commercial rigor, change our compensation structure, which we're doing in 2025 to be more performance-based. Those are all things you can do right out of the gate by bringing the right people and getting that rigor in place. And we are doing that, not just in MedSurg but across the board. The second is changing commercial structure. And again, as you start to pick your growth driver areas and you begin to isolate the areas where we want to specialize our sales organization and/or expand it, we're going to be doing that as well as we come into 2025. That takes a little bit longer because you got to isolate the areas, you've got to hire the people and you've got to train the people, you've got to get them to be productive. But that is definitely something that we'll be moving forward on. The one that takes a little bit longer that we'll have in MedSurg and the other businesses as well, is just getting the innovation gaps filled. That will take us a little longer. You've got to ideate once you know the gaps, you've got to then develop, you have to get regulatory approval, and then you eventually launch. But those are things that the new team will be focused on, obviously. But I would just say that I fully expect, given the changes that we've made that we're going to see underlying business improvement in 2025. In MedSurg, and that will be across all of our businesses. And I think we're going to benefit from exactly what you said. The talent upgrades that we've made, the focus they're going to have on commercial rigor and the change in compensation plans that we have and also some of the new launches, just like Peel and Place. We've got to get the capacity up in those areas but we should benefit from those. I want to caution everybody, though, if we're getting out over their skis because that's one variable. Obviously, when we look at 2025, we do have some offsets to that. We just talked about SKU rationalization, which put a little pressure on 2025. We've got some comps that we're going to have to deal with in pricing and back order recovery. But make no mistake, I look at 2025 for MedSurg and our other businesses as the tip of the spear to begin to change the underlying business performance of this company. And that will then, as a result, start to take us off that historical underperformance that we've had.
Frederick Wise: And just a follow-up, and maybe I shouldn't be focusing on this, but I'd be curious to hear your thoughts. The ERP transition, it's encouraging that you've already implemented in 4 countries. Where are we in that process? And maybe talk to us about what it means, what you're expecting from those initial efforts and what -- how we think about that as a positive underpinning driver for '25 and beyond?
Wayde McMillan: Yes, Rick, it's Wayde. I can take that one. And you're highlighting one of the biggest areas of the separation. One of the areas that's getting the most attention. We've got some of the biggest project teams, operating mechanisms, Bryan and I are involved and down all through the organization. The ERPs are the backbone of our systems. And so we're spending a lot of time here, no question. We are encouraged to get 4 countries done. But as you can imagine, we pick smaller countries to start with. And that's by design because we want to make sure that we've got all of our teams focused on ERP and the implementation of them and all of the different phases of the program as we execute from planning to execution and then hypercare on the other end. And I would say, out of the first 4, a couple of them went really well. A couple of them, we had some bumps and challenges, but the teams really pulled together, worked through them, worked hard with our customers to try to close any gaps that we had, and we're in a much better place after these first 4 and now we're moving on. And we're going to continue to move, of course, with the biggest one, our U.S. implementation in North America. And so we've got a lot of planning in place, a lot of work being done. But as you're highlighting, this is an important one for us and be very focused on it.
Bryan Hanson: I'll just maybe draft off of those comments, too. And we were very focused when we brought people in, in certain functions, particularly IT, manufacturing and others that have been through this type of ERP consolidation in the past, ERP cutovers and even directly involved in spins. And I think that's really important because if you've lived it and you've been burned by it, you know where to look. So the team, I think, is very capable of managing this. It doesn't mean it's not without risk. We're definitely going to see risk. We already have had some challenges to manage through them. But we have a great team that should be able to get this done to get it done effectively.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Zimmerman with BTIG.
Ryan Zimmerman: So I'll ask both questions upfront. Just if you could, Wayde, remind us, I think you have about 11% of revenue in China. First, is that the right way to think about your exposure there? And look, we're 2 days into a new administration. There's a lot of discussion about tariffs and potentially the impact there. Just remind us kind of what you're manufacturing potentially over there and how to think about those considerations, if you don't mind. And then the second question, in the Purification business, given the IV shortages that are going on right now, is there any consideration about the impact to dialysis filtration or things of that nature that may use a lot of saline solution in the near term?
Bryan Hanson: Do you want to take the P&F and I'll take the first one?
Wayde McMillan: Yes, sure.
Bryan Hanson: So let me just maybe correct on the China view. We have just a little over 5% of our business in China. So it's not as significant as 11% that you referenced. If I just think about the tariffs, I think, first and foremost, we just need to see what actually happens here. I think everybody is going to kind of wait and see what happens. The good news is, though, when I think about what we actually bring in from China, it's a relatively small number. And as a result of that, just given what we know, I really don't see tariffs as being a major impact to our business. Now anything can change. But based on what I see today, I don't see it as a major impact to our business, which is a good thing, obviously. On the P&F, I'm not -- you want to answer that one?
Wayde McMillan: Yes, sure. I mean we have not seen any falloff in demand for support of the dialysis business out of purification filtration that the teams have brought up to us. So at this point, we think that all the different centers, dialysis centers and all the companies in the value chain are working very hard to continue to service that and that we haven't seen any falloff.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. And as a matter of fact, we are always under capacity constraints here. So if anything, we could add capacity to help out the demand.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: Bryan, Wayde, I wanted to start with a follow-up on Dental Solutions, you had a distributor with some internal cybersecurity issues that probably affected demand in the fourth quarter of last year. So you've got an easy comp here in the fourth quarter. Obviously, a tougher comp that we just saw that we lapped here in the third quarter. But I just love to hear how you're thinking about pricing and volume dynamics in the dental market once we get past some of the noise with comps here in the second half of the year.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. You're actually -- you're right on. When you think about comps. First of all, Q3 was a tough comp. Q4 is an easier comp in the dental space, in particular, because of what you just referenced. When I think about price volume, I think that in the Dental business, very similar to our other businesses, pricing is normalizing now. And so I don't know that I think dramatically differently than what we've been saying all along that we need to see volumes increase because we've been depending way too much on pricing as a result of the inflationary period, which is ending and pricing is now normalizing, and that's exactly what we saw in the quarter. So I don't see pricing as being a big lever for us in dental. I see it like all of our other businesses, we have got to get the volume up.
Jason Bednar: And maybe one quick follow-up and then a separate question. But are you still comfortable, Bryan, looking at pricing as being positive in Dental? Or is it more neutral-ish in Dental going forward? And then as a follow-up, a separate question. And drafting off of some of the past portfolio management question. At what point -- I think it's something -- there's a lever or a metric at, I think 25% of assets are, and correct me if I'm wrong on that measure, but past that level, if you're looking at a divestiture, you have to get clearance from parent 3M and again, correct me if I'm wrong on that. I'm sure there's some legalities in there. But what's the level you'd have to clear in order to get that clearance? Or asked another way, are there smaller assets? Obviously, you're doing SKU rationalization, but other assets you could sell off where you would not have to get such clearance?
Bryan Hanson: So on the pricing, I'm just going to hold on that one. We're not going to get specific pricing thoughts on individual businesses, but maybe wait in a second, you can just speak to our overall view of pricing when we think about it from a company standpoint, which you've talked about in the past. When I think about the considerations for portfolio moves for us, normally, you have the typical considerations on whether you're going to make a portfolio move. We have additional considerations that you're talking about right now as a result of the fact that we're so close to the spin from 3M. And there are multiple considerations that you've got to think about as a result of that. In some of those, we don't have complete control over. So some of them we do, some of them we don't. What I would just say there is the same way that we're assessing our businesses, we're also clearly understanding what those considerations are we're assessing them and then managing through them. We feel like we need to do that proactively so that is not a barrier for us to do transactions if we want to. I'm not committing that we are going to do transactions. I'm just saying we don't want that to be a barrier for us. Of course, there's 2 to play there. It's not just us that 3M has got to be involved in that decision as well. So you want to maybe talk about pricing.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. I'll pick up on the pricing comment that you had. And Jason, good to hear you on the call. So just in summary, Q3, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we did as we've been communicating for some time now, expecting normalization of pricing, and it was neutral to our Q3 performance. And so the good news is we are starting to see volume improve as revenue growth over the past year and first half of 2024 was more than all driven by price. So the business has really been benefiting from price for some time. And now we're starting to see volume turn and start to improve. It's not to say we're satisfied at all. We're not satisfied with the results and the growth yet. But it is good to see the volumes start to improve versus the underperformance over the past few years and that's where the business has been experiencing volume declines.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Senyek with Wolfe Research.
Christopher Senyek: Two questions. First, in terms of Health Information Systems, the organic growth rate was a little light relative to some of the past few quarters. Was there anything anomalous in the third quarter that we wouldn't expect to recur going forward?
Bryan Hanson: Thanks for the question. So I would say, if I just kind of break down the quarter, it's pretty steady in our revenue cycle management business. I feel really confident and comfortable in that business. The team has a good handle on it. It's somewhat of an annuity business, but that was steady. What we continue to see is, I think, Wayde, you referenced in your prepared remarks some challenges in clinical productivity solutions. That's where our M*Modal business was acquired and I'll just be fully transparent. It just never was really fully invested in. And in that fast-paced market, if you're not investing aggressively, you fall behind, and we did. And that's where we're going to continue to see some pressure. The team is working on a solution, but I really don't see that as any kind of significant improvement in that particular part of the business in the short-term. Where we did see maybe a bit of an anomaly was our Performance Management business was soft in the quarter. I don't expect that to continue. There was just some volumes in the quarter that impacted that business. I do not expect that to continue. On the positive side, as I referenced in revenue cycle management, one of the new product launches that we have around data integrity is pretty interesting. It's early days for sure. We've got to prove some things out. But as you can imagine, our customers are always worried about leakage when it comes to reimbursement. And we're using this data integrity solution to be able to get them the information they need and submit from a reimbursement standpoint to ensure they get better reimbursement leakage. So that's one thing that we're going to concentrate on and try to drive in the market. But generally speaking, outside of the performance management anomaly in the quarter, which should not repeat next quarter, it was pretty standard.
Christopher Senyek: Okay. Great. And then a question maybe for Wayde, in terms of foreign currency, is the guidance based on the spot rate as of the end of the quarter? And then if you could talk a little bit about the revenue cost mix geographically as we think about translation and the unamiable task of trying to model what that might be.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. Yes. So FX for us, we typically set the rates near the date when we were guiding. So over the past week or so, we factor that into our guidance discussions and planning. And so we're not using in the quarter. We're using something closer to our earnings call date, which has seen quite a bit of volatility over the past few weeks. I'm sure that's why you're asking the question. And then just to summarize again, we had very little impact here in Q3 but based on the recent FX rates, we do expect a headwind, both top and bottom line here in Q4. As far as our revenue and cost mix geographically, I think it's pretty well understood that the HIS business is almost all in the U.S., but the other businesses have good exposure outside the U.S. And so we're running manufacturing within the U.S. and outside as well. So we don't have details to provide at this point as far as that translation mix goes. But I think just generally, the way to think about it would be given the diversification of our 3 product segments that are a good amount of our business outside the U.S. as well as inside, we're going to be subject to most FX moves like any other med device company. And then from a manufacturing footprint standpoint, we also have a good amount of manufacturing all throughout Europe, a little less in China and Asia Pacific.
Operator: And our final question for today comes from the line of David Roman again with Goldman Sachs.
David Roman: Thanks for letting me sneak another one in here. I want to just come back, Bryan, to a comment you've made a couple of times around capacity and your ability to meet demand. And how do we square that with kind of the ramp in CapEx here compared to what you originally provided at the analyst meeting? And should we expect some of the CapEx that may not have occurred this year to flow into next year? And I think you're also retrofitting a headquarters. How do we kind of put all that together? And what does that mean for your future CapEx?
Bryan Hanson: So obviously, I'll pass that over to Wayde to talk about CapEx. But maybe just to make sure that I'm clear, there's a couple of different vectors of capacity when I'm talking about it. One would be in purification and filtration. We are investing capital there to drive capacity. We saw that in our industrial business and it had a benefit in the quarter. We're doing the same when it comes to our membranes business, and those are pretty significant investments that we've made. On the membranes business, it will take a little bit of time for it to come to fruition over the next couple of quarters. When I talk outside of purification and filtration knowing when I think about capacity with Peel and Place or I think about capacity with Clinpro, that's not really a heavy capital intensity there, that's just demand planning. We just did not have the right demand plan in place and the commercialization planning for that launch and we underestimated the demand. And as a result, we just don't have the capacity to fill it. So don't think in those 2 areas, significant cash spend or capital requirements, they're pretty low-intensity capital businesses. We just didn't get the demand right. But maybe, Wayde, you talked about the total CapEx?
Wayde McMillan: Yes. So we've guided to $400 million, $500 million since the start of our public company here in Q2, and we've just updated that this quarter to thinking to the low end of $400 million to $500 million. Having said that, David, we know we're going to have to make investments for both the separation as well as the organic growth of the business. And as Bryan said, there's a couple of areas in addition to our new products where we're capacity-constrained and I think one of the advantages of the growth driver strategy that will bring is a very focused growth investments. And by doing that, we can be very much planful where we're making our CapEx expenditures and doing them in areas that we know we're going to be growing the business versus kind of a blanketed approach to growing the business. And then you're always trying to catch up in the areas that you're growing and maybe over-investing in others. So again, one of the byproduct advantages of our growth driver strategy is Bryan mentioned earlier, shifting resources to get behind the growth drivers. But part of that is the capital expenditures. And as Bryan mentioned, one of the criteria for the growth drivers is thinking through the relative profitability, and we include capital intensity in that. But having said that, we know we're going to be investing. In addition to supporting a faster growth of the business over time is also to separate the business, and we're investing pretty heavily right now, as we talked earlier about ERPs. We also have pretty significant manufacturing line moves, moving our distribution centers and logistics. So we've got a lot of work to do and CapEx is one of the things that we're going to have to spend on to separate the businesses.
Bryan Hanson: Okay. Seeing no further questions, I'll close the call just by saying thank you so much for joining us, and I hope that everyone has a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-10 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. My name is Ellie, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Solventum Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today’s conference, Kevin Moran, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Kevin Moran: Good afternoon and welcome. Today, we will discuss Solventum’s second quarter fiscal 2024 results, along with an update to our 2024 outlook. Just after market closed today, a press release was issued with our earnings results and updated outlook. The press release and earnings presentation are available on the Investors section of the Solventum website. Joining me today are Bryan Hanson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Wayde McMillan, our Chief Financial Officer. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. For a full description of these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings and the forward-looking statement slide at the beginning of the presentation. Please note that during our discussion today, all our comments will be on a non-GAAP basis unless they are specifically called out as GAAP. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for all relevant periods can be found in the schedules attached to our press release. For the Q&A portion of the call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And with that, I’ll hand the call over to Bryan.
Bryan Hanson: Alright. Great. Thanks, Kevin and thanks to everyone for joining us today. I’d tell you it’s exciting to be here for our first earnings call as a publicly traded company, and I want to start that call by saying that I’m encouraged by the progress that we have made and with the results of the quarter, which reflect our ability to come together as a new team and maintain business continuity in the midst of the separation. And we’re raising our full-year outlook as we continue to progress our plans to get this business to where we expect it to be. Simply said, we are moving with urgency, and we remain confident in our ability to create value. And for all the Solvers that I know are listening out there, I want to say thank you. It’s your hard work that has gotten us to this point. Make no mistake, this would not be happening, we would not be here without you. And for the call today, I’m going to provide a brief reminder of our Investor Day presentation, specifically around our situation analysis and reasons to believe in the value creation story, as well as a reminder of and update on our phased approach for the transformation and turnaround. And then I’ll pass it over to Wayde for a deeper dive on the quarter and our improved outlook for 2024, and of course, we’ll save time for Q&A and certainly look forward to that conversation. As some of you may be new to the story since our Investor Day in March, let me start by giving some background on Solventum, our team and again, why we’re confident in the value creation story. And I think the right place to start is the spin itself. We’ve talked about this before, but we have extensive IP that we share with 3M. And as a result of that, we are executing a highly entangled and, therefore, complex separation. But to ensure, in a situation like that, that we proactively mitigate the risk associated with this type of separation, we have intentionally assembled a team with significant spin and transformation experience. And given the regulatory requirements of the sector, which can significantly impact the planning and implementation of the separation, we have also ensured this team has deep regulated business experience. Simply put, we have done this before, and we are going to do it again. Now relative to the business setup, our business segments are in attractive and growing markets. We have strong sub brand recognition in those markets, significant IP protection, solid levels of investment in R&D, and we have global reach. That said, we also have businesses that have consistently underperformed their markets with flat volume growth over the last 2 years, coupled with a declining volume trend mainly due to misaligned and unfocused end metrics, which resulted in commercial misalignment and poor R&D productivity. Now with this as context, and of course, what are we going to do about it, I’d like to remind you of our phased approach to stabilize and then separate the business, reposition it for profitable growth and optimize the portfolio. As discussed at our investor meeting, we have outlined this in 3 phases, which are all currently underway and running in parallel. As you may remember, Phase 1 is focused on mission, talent, culture and structure as well as the spin-related activities to separate from 3M, which are critical, all of them, critical catalysts to driving business growth. Phase 2 is developing and implementing our long-range plan that will reposition us for profitable growth and Phase 3 is portfolio optimization. Okay, starting with Phase 1, specifically related to mission, talent and also culture and structure. We’ve already created a new mission statement and articulated our company values. And I got to tell you, what an amazing opportunity was to help write the mission and values for a new company. I feel incredibly lucky to be a part of something so meaningful. I see the mission and the values of a company as absolutely critical to its success, because when done right, it becomes a common purpose and connection across the team, capturing the hearts and minds of all of our team members, which again, I see as an essential enabler of sustainable business performance. And we’ve held mission ceremonies around the globe, meeting with thousands of our employees to discuss how they bring the mission to life. It doesn’t matter where region or country or business I’m in, it is clear. The team is excited and ready for the future as Solventum. Now relative to talent, which is really one of the key areas where spinning a company creates value, we continue to move fast. We’ve completed the selection of our level 1 leadership team, finalized the structure for level 2 and identify key positions at levels 3 and 4, that are critical to the turnaround. And we’re actively internally sourcing or acquiring experienced talent in these roles as well. At the end of the day, we’re trending ahead of my expectations in talent acquisition, benefiting from a lot of high-level industry talent that understand the value creation story and are interested in joining this team. We’re also making great progress on our culture and structure project. This is a restructuring project we are calling the Solventum Way. The goal here is to create a more nimble and less hierarchical structure that drives increased autonomy, speed and very importantly, accountability and will also help us ensure that we have the ability to invest for growth while enhancing margins. Moving to the separation activities inside of Phase 1. It’s obviously early days with most of the work still ahead of us, but these are critical months in the separation, and I’m happy with our progress. This quarter’s financial performance alone speaks to a successful start with our business continuity efforts while standing up a newly independent company. Again, I want to compliment the teams for delivering on their commitments in the face of separation distraction. For areas like our supply continuity project, manufacturing and IT separation, I feel good about our disentanglement plans. This is hard work, but the teams are progressing these initiatives with speed. From a timeline perspective, our supply continuity project will extend beyond 24 months, but we expect the majority of Phase 1 activities to be completed in 12 to 24 months post spin. I should also note that given the time frame of Phase 1, it will naturally overlap with Phase 2 and Phase 3. Phase 2 is focused on a Solventum Way of long-range plan to position us for profitable growth. Because we were able to accelerate talent acquisition in Phase 1, we’ve actually shortened the path to finalize our strategic plan in Phase 2. Now we expect to share this plan during our fourth quarter earnings call, which will coincide as one would expect with our 2025 guidance. So, key elements of that plan – not comprehensive, but key elements of that plan will be our primary market and submarket selection. Again, those markets that we are going to double down in, inside of those markets will be the growth driver initiatives to be able to build scale and probably most importantly, showing that we’re going to shift our commercial R&D and eventually, resources to those growth driver areas. And as you would expect, we’re currently assessing primary markets and growth drivers, and our intent is to finalize these decisions before the end of the year. Once we’ve identified the primary markets and the growth drivers, we’ll begin shifting, as I said before, our resources, starting with commercial infrastructure changes, things like specializing the sales organization, things like changing the incentive plans that we have for the sales organization to bias our focus in the growth driver areas. We will also shift where we spend R&D dollars so that we align our new product pipeline toward innovation that matters and is material in the growth driver markets. And finally, as we expect that our focus on debt reduction, over the next 24 months, will allow more flexibility to expand our capital allocation priorities, including potential tuck-in M&A tied to our, again, growth driver areas. Okay. Moving on to Phase 3. We’re looking at pathways for our portfolio optimization through inorganic means in order to bring additional strategic clarity, organizational focus and value creation. And as a result, we are actively assessing our various markets and businesses and their value contribution to deliver on our strategic and financial priorities. Now that said, given how early we are in the spin process, there are contractual considerations that will influence Phase 3. Okay. To summarize what I just said, because I think I threw a lot at you, number one, our foundational work on mission, talent, culture and structure is ahead of schedule and progressing well and positively impacting our Phase 2 timing. From a separation perspective, it’s early days, but also pivotal days in the process. And things are progressing well, and I have confidence in our team. Number three, given our early progress on our strategic plan and SKU project, we now intend to share our long-range plan during our fourth quarter call, which again will coincide with our 2025 guidance. And number four, Wayde will speak more to the quarter in a minute, but our first quarter as an independent company was a good early sign when it comes to business continuity and progress on our phased approach. Before I turn it over to Wayde, I just want to reiterate that we have an incredible opportunity to create significant value and that I believe the actions we are taking today, relative to executing the separation and identifying opportunities to reposition this company for profitable growth, will set us up for significant value creation in the future. Okay. Wayde?
Wayde McMillan: I’ll start by echoing Bryan’s sentiment and thank everyone at Solventum for their hard work, getting us to where we are today. Our 3-phased approach is designed to create significant value over time. I’ll keep my remarks mostly focused on updates related to Phase 1 and separation activities before getting into Q2 performance and then wrapping up with guidance. To separate, we have significant efforts underway. We’re moving our manufacturing lines from 67 plants to 29 Solventum plants, 2 of which we’re building new at this time. We’re also separating our distribution and supply chain by changing from 122 to 73 distribution centers. Our rebranding efforts are significant across 90 countries. We have changed our commercial distribution models in over 60 countries. The IT work streams may be the most complex as we’re working to transition over 1,000 systems and stand up over 70 new platforms including our new SAP ERP system globally. In parallel to the separation work, we are already making progress on the turnaround, which is centered on improving revenue growth and expanding margins. It’s important to understand the historical baseline and I’ll provide some background for each metric as well. For revenue, we have historically underperformed our mid-single-digit markets with flat and declining volumes over the past 2 years. This was clearly reflected in 2023 and where price was more than all the revenue growth for the year. As we move out of a hyperinflationary period and price normalizes, we are intently focused on turning around the negative volume growth. Bryan covered the Solventum Way restructuring project, which touches every segment, function and region in the company. This effort is ongoing and will be an important part of our investment to reposition for growth and margin enhancement plan. Additionally, we remain focused on a comprehensive global SKU rationalization initiative. Our goal is to streamline and simplify the company by eliminating less strategic, low growth and/or low-margin SKUs or product families. We have already identified approximately 3,500 SKUs to be eliminated as part of Wave 1 of this initiative. They represent about 5% of total SKUs and will help simplify the supply chain. And they will not have a material impact to revenue and margin in 2024. This is a promising start and real progress achieved to date. Wave 2 is expected to be more impactful to revenue and margin in 2025. The turnaround is also focused on improving margin. The before-mentioned Solventum Way and SKU projects are designed to identify efficiencies to reinvest and improve margins. we have seen our historical operating margins step down from approximately 25% in our 2022 and 2023 carve-out financial statements in the Form 10 to our planned 21% to 23% in 2024. We’re not including 2021 in our baseline, given it was significantly inflated by the post-COVID rebound. This 200 to 400 basis point decline is due to the additional cost of products supplied by 3M as well as increased operating expenses to stand up a public company, and the investments to reposition for growth. Turning now to the financial update. I want to remind everyone this is the first time we’ll be presenting financial results as a standalone company. We previously reported Q1 2024 results under a carve-out basis as the first quarter was still under 3M. With that, I’ll provide an overview of our Q2 results and then shift to full year guidance. Starting with sales. For the second quarter of 2024, sales of $2.1 billion increased 20 basis points compared to prior year on a reported basis while improving 1.3% on an organic basis. During the quarter, foreign exchange was a headwind of 110 basis points. Sales growth reflected the expected normalizing of price. While we reported a slight volume increase in the quarter, this included a discrete benefit from backorder improvement, without which volumes continued to decline. Moving to the segments. Our largest segment, MedSurg, delivered $1.2 billion of sales, an increase of 1.8% on an organic basis, led by the negative pressure wound therapy product category and continued adoption of our antimicrobial IV site management solutions. This segment was the primary beneficiary of reduced back orders. Our Dental segment delivered $331 million of revenue, a decrease of 2%, which reflects volume pressures associated with challenging market conditions, partially offset by pricing. HIS segment contributed $328 million of revenue, an increase of 3.6%, which was fueled by continued adoption of 360 Encompass inside of revenue cycle management, and steady results in performance management solutions. Similar to the prior quarter, strength in these areas was partially offset by declines in clinician productivity solutions due to changing market conditions and inconsistent investment. Finally, Purification and Filtration segment delivered $238 million of sales a decline of 0.9%, which was impacted by performance in drinking water filtration, partially offset by better-than-expected strength in bioprocessing filtration. Overall, volume declines were partially offset by pricing. Gross margins were 55.8% in the quarter. This represents a reduction of 200 basis points over prior year, primarily driven by increased costs in international and unfavorable mix within MedSurg that was driven by backorder recovery in the lower-margin OEM business. On a sequential basis, these two factors, along with the return to more normalized pricing weighed on gross margins. As expected, operating expenses increased both versus prior year results and sequentially compared to Q1. The added spend includes standing up new functions and to support our growth strategy. It’s also important to note that Q2 SG&A was high due to a stock-based compensation charge for legacy 3M employees. This and other smaller discrete items in Q2 represented an additional spend of approximately $30 million. In total, we delivered adjusted operating income of $430 million, which translates to operating margin of $20.7 million. Moving down the P&L. Interest expense also increased sequentially, reflecting the first full quarter impact of our February 2024 debt issuance, which was partially offset by interest income. Lastly, our effective tax rate of 12.2% came in favorable due in part to the estimated geographic mix of our statutory income post spin, which includes a year-to-date adjustment. All in, we delivered earnings per share of $1.56, ahead of our internal expectations. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $897 million in cash and equivalents with no outstanding borrowings on our credit facility. We generated $297 million of free cash flow in Q2, bringing our year-to-date total to $637 million. Importantly, we are committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating and expect debt paydown will remain the priority over the next 24 months. We maintain a strong liquidity and financial position with continued free cash flow generation in addition to our $2 billion revolving credit facility. Now turning to guidance for 2024. We are raising our organic sales growth guidance range up to 0 to up 1%. This reflects first half performance, including the benefit from backorder reduction in Q2, an updated assumption that SKU rationalization will not have a material impact on 2024 results, and importantly, building confidence in business continuity. We are not providing quarterly guidance, but I do want to be sure to highlight the second half dynamics of the year-over-year comparisons which will play a large role in the organic sales growth in Q3 and Q4. For background, Q3 was the highest growth rate in 2023 and therefore, is a tougher comparison and results in expected flat to down growth rate in Q3 2024, while Q4 was the second lowest growth rate of 2023, with an easing comparison for Q4 2024. For earnings per share, we are raising our guidance to $6.30 to $6.50 and on our improved sales outlook and favorable estimated tax rate. We continue to expect free cash flow in the range of $700 million to $800 million. For reference, a few additional items we’ve previously shared. On gross margins, we continue to expect incremental gross margin headwinds from the 3M supply agreement markup will begin to flow through our P&L in Q3 2024. For operating expenses, we anticipate the continued ramp for investment to build out stand-alone functions and support our growth strategy through the second half of the year. All in, we continue to expect full year 2024 operating margin in the range of 21% to 23%. Turning to tax rate. We are updating our full year effective tax rate to 18% to 19%, an improvement of 200 basis points from our earlier assumption of 20% to 21%. It’s important to recognize that this change to our tax rate is expected to be temporary for 2024, as we’re benefiting from a near-term favorable mix based on where we are generating our income which is a function of realizing separation costs in certain jurisdictions. In conclusion, we are off to a solid start, closing our first public quarter. We’re delivering on our near-term financial commitments, executing on separation activities, focusing on turning around the business, while raising the top and bottom line guidance for the year. Looking ahead, we will continue to execute on our phased approach to transform our business and make improvements across our key operational metrics, accelerating revenue growth, expanding margins, driving free cash flow and optimizing our capital allocation. We will use our expertise in health, material and data science to deliver our mission. We are encouraged by the early progress and look forward to the value creation plan ahead. I’ll now hand it back to the operator for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Travis Steed from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Travis Steed: Hi, everybody. Congrats on your first earnings call. I guess, Wayde, I wanted to start with the guidance raise and really understand kind of all the moving parts there. I guess a lot of the EPS raise came from the tax, but it sounds like things are maybe been tracking ahead of plans and pushed the SKU rationalization to 2025. If anything, are you kind of more confident in kind of the outlook here quite kind of drove the guidance raise and how to think about Q3 and second half modeling for the different line items?
Bryan Hanson: Hey, Travis, this is Bryan. Maybe I’ll start with some of your questions, particularly around just some of the confidence we have and what’s kind of pushing our guide. And then Wayde, I’ll pass if you, you get into more specifics there. So obviously, three components that Wayde talked about that are driving our guide and, really, our confidence. The first is just the business continuity is feeling pretty good right now, and we’re making great progress against our plan. That’s number one. Number two is Wayde referenced in his prepared remarks, it’s just the backorder recovery that we banked in Q2. And then the SKU clarity, and Wayde will talk more about that in a second, but we just have better clarity of the impact we’re going to see in 2024 versus 2025. That’s broad-based what we’re feeling right now, and that’s the reason for the guide change. I think importantly, though, just to maybe click down in the business continuity and progress against our plan. It doesn’t feel like a long time. It’s only been 4 months now, but those are pretty pivotal months in the separation. A lot can happen in those months. And for the most part, we delivered in pretty much every primary area during that time. And I think most importantly, business continuity. That’s where the biggest risk is. And every day that passes, Travis, we just feel better about reducing risk, retiring risk and then further executing on our turnaround strategy. I guess probably the simplest way to say it is a lot could have gone wrong and it didn’t, which is great. It doesn’t mean it’s going to be simple from here, but the momentum is positive, and that drives our confidence. But probably equally maybe even more important than that is we’re really moving fast in talent acquisition. And I think probably anybody would recognize that you don’t really want to put a strategy in if you don’t have the people in place that are accountable for the strategy. So the faster you can move to put people in place, particularly in L1 and L2 positions, it’s just critical to formulating the strategy, having ownership of the strategy and then eventually, that flawless execution of the strategy. So those are the things that we feel like are moving in the right direction, increasing our optimism. And hopefully, that’s reflected in our tone in the guide. So maybe with that way, we can give a little more color on the other components.
Wayde McMillan: Yes, sounds good. Happy to pick up on sort of how we’re thinking about guidance here and SKU project. As Bryan said, we’re really pleased to be in a position where we can raise our full year guidance after just our first stand-alone quarter here as a public company. So let me talk about the new range. Really built off the back of what we called out in the quarter here, in Q2, revenue was totally ahead of our expectations because of the backorder reduction that we got, and that was from an improvement in service levels. So positive signs, as Bryan said, for business continuity. So the new range then contemplates normalizing the second half for that – for the price benefit that we’ve been seeing and it continues to wane into the second half as well as a tougher comp for that back order recovery. When you normalize for those two things from the first half, the high end assumes we see improvement in the business. And then near the low end assumes a more consistent performance. So we feel real comfortable with the range here that we have for the second half. It’s early days, but we are pleased with the business and its performance to date through the first half of the year, really, with the second half to go. And just keeping a focus on that number one priority for us is our growth driver strategy. A little color down the P&L. If we think about gross margins, we mentioned in the prepared remarks, a couple of things that drove costs higher in the quarter, both the international costs and some unfavorable mix in MedSurg, really, around the margin on those backorder recovery products. And so lots to consider, puts and takes. It could be different next quarter. We are still expecting a step-up in cost from 3M and but that doesn’t necessarily mean a step up in gross margins because there are a lot of puts and takes. And so even with all that and the step up in cost, we are still comfortable with our 21% to 23% operating margin expectations for the full year of ‘24. And I should probably just touch quickly on OpEx, because that is also an important part of how we think about modeling here. We called out, in our prepared remarks, that we had a good amount of discrete items, not unexpected in a separation. It’s always a bit noisy with things that are coming out of the separation-related work. So we called out one in particular, a large expense that we took for stock-based comp and then a few other things that really were about $30 million in the quarter. So with that, we still anticipate the continued ramp for the investment to build out our stand-alone functions and to support our growth strategy through the second half of the year, but that will be often normalized Q2 without those discrete items. So all-in, feeling really good about the guide and happy to be raising both the high end and the low end at this time.
Travis Steed: Great. Thanks for all the color. I guess the next question I have is, thinking – or – kind of when can you guys start growing earnings again? I know 2025 is kind of a down year. But if you think about the plans that you have, is ‘26 a year where you potentially could grow earnings? And I don’t know if there’s any way, high level, to think about some of the things that you have to deal with in ‘25 and some of the headwinds you have in ‘25, like the SKU rationalization and kind of help us size some range of impact on that.
Bryan Hanson: Wayde, if you want to provide a little more color on the – some of the pressure points in ‘25. Obviously, Wayde talked about it in his prepared remarks, ‘25 has got some unique annualization of expenses that are going to put pressure on us. And you’re right, ‘25 is going to be a tough year for EPS. But we absolutely would expect that to begin to recover in ‘26. We’d be extremely disappointed if we didn’t start to head in the right direction in ‘26. So Wayde, I don’t know if you want to provide anything more in ‘25. I thought you provided a lot in your prepared remarks, but…
Wayde McMillan: Yes, I certainly can. I’ll have to say, we’re not guiding to ‘25 and ‘26 yet. There are certainly a lot of moving pieces as we’re in our first year post separation. We do have a lot going on to grow revenue and expand margins. And as Bryan said, resulting EPS growth over time. However, we do think it’s well understood that we’ll be pressured by the annualization of some of these costs post spin in 2025. So, just to list them, we have got the 3M supply markup that will annualize. We will be annualizing our stand-up functional expenses. And then below the line, we will be annualizing interest expense. And all of this is because we have got three quarters this year as a public company, and we will annualize our fourth quarter next year. And then I did mean to touch on the SKU project as well because this one is just great, great progress out of the gate, real nice start. We found that there was a lot of opportunity to take out a significant number of SKUs already in our first wave here. And the good news is they don’t impact revenue in a material way. There is a very small impact. We don’t expect them to impact margins or revenue in 2024. And the real benefit is it will help us simplify the supply chain. We will save a few million dollars on rebranding as well because we don’t have to rebrand these SKUs that had very low value to us. So, the team is continuing to work on the next wave, which we do anticipate will have more of an impact on 2025, but that work is still underway, and we don’t have an update there yet.
Travis Steed: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vik Chopra from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Vik Chopra: Hey. Good afternoon and congrats on a nice quarter. A couple for me. So, by math, the revenue guidance raise as about $80 million to $150 million of dollar upside to 2024, maybe just help us understand what business segments are driving this? And then I had a follow-up, please.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. Vik, happy to take that. We don’t break it down by segment. But what we can say is that the message that we put into the prepared remarks was the most important one. There is a good amount of risk as we separate the business and business continuity and we gained a lot of confidence. It would go from a long ways from having no quarters to having one quarter. As Bryan mentioned, it was a pivotal quarter for us. That’s where the confidence really grew. And so it’s really across the board that we are thinking that we are going to see some strength. Obviously, the backward recovery in MedSurg was a good size. I think Bryan called it banking it in the second quarter here, a good sized bump for us. And so with that, the business continuity and then also the SKU reduction program, we don’t think it’s going to have as much of an impact on ‘24. That would be just across the three segments with products, not including HIS.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I might just add to that, too. If you think about, really, four vectors, and I won’t go through all of these, but there are four vectors that you can accelerate growth with. And it’s no – there is no rocket science here. They are pretty basic. But for the things you got to do to drive it, one of the first things you can do, the fastest impact is just upgrading talent to drive better commercial rigor and just changing incentives to your – for your commercial organization to focus on growth. And those are the things we can do right now, right. We are bringing in great people. We have accelerated and promoted people that are very capable in the organization and brought people from the outside. That will have a dividend pretty quickly, because they will increase the rigor and accountability in the organization. So, that, we would expect to help us in the back half of ‘24 and certainly into ‘25.
Vik Chopra: Got it. Very helpful. And then just my follow-up question, can you just share some high-level feedback on your conversation with the activist and just provide an update as to how much of a stake they have actually amassed? Thank you.
Bryan Hanson: As you would imagine, as a public company, we don’t talk about any individual investor. That said, as a public company and humble people, we absolutely listen to our shareholders and appreciate the feedback, but probably no more to say about that. Next question please, operator.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Roman from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
David Roman: Thank you and good afternoon everybody. I hope to get one in here on the financial side and then one follow-up on the strategic planning side. Maybe just starting on – with respect to the outlook for the balance of the year, I am trying to put together some of the moving parts as it relates to first half versus second half. And maybe, Wayde, you could help us bridge, a little bit, the commentary around the reiteration of the 21% to 23% operating margin. That’s roughly what you did here in the first half with some of the commentary around the 3M supply agreement, as well as the incremental investments and what that implies for sort of an exit rate for the year. And then, as I look at free cash flow year-to-date and the updated guidance, it implies a significant step-up in cash utilization here in the second half. Can you maybe help us understand some of the moving parts there as well?
Wayde McMillan: Sure. So, just to cover a little bit more, David, to your question on first half, second half outlook, I think I have touched on revenue, a good amount there, just highlighting that we had a couple of items in the first half that won’t repeat in the second half pricing, waning and then the back of recovery, which is opportunistic and we don’t anticipate seeing that in the second half at this point. And so that’s what gets us our revenue growth rate, and it’s a zero to 1% for the year. And so you can do the math on that for the second half. I do just want to highlight from our prepared remarks that there is a comp – significant comp issue between Q3 and Q4, so that’s important for revenue. You mentioned bridging the – and the exit rate around operating margins. The way we are thinking about this is Q2 had some headwinds in gross margins and operating margins for us. Those are offset with the favorability in revenue. And so that’s what gives us confidence to hold the 21% to 23% for the year. We are not going to comment on an exit rate at this point. We are not giving the quarterly guidance. Obviously, we have just got one quarter under our belt. And we have got long ways to go. We are just not going to get to that level of detail. But what we can tell you is we had gained a lot of confidence in the quarter, and we learned a lot about the business post separation. So, it’s building confidence and that’s what allowed us to raise both the top and the bottom line here before we – just after our first quarter. You mentioned cash as well. I would say probably the biggest things that we are managing here post separation is just all of the timing of the intercompany work that we are doing as well as standing up our capital expenditure processes. And so we do think we will be using more cash in the second half of the year to settle out some of those as well as ramping up our capital expenditure use in the second half.
David Roman: Got it. And then Bryan, I appreciate your comments on kind of being ready to share more with us on the fourth quarter call. But I think you have made comments in other forums about kind of the turnaround on the top line being roughly a 5-year period of time. Can you maybe update us on any thoughts with respect to that outlook and how that falls into the context of the phasing of the different parts of the Solventum turnaround that you referenced earlier?
Bryan Hanson: Absolutely. And good to hear from you. So, I would say – I will repeat a little bit of what I said and then maybe add some additional color. I see this as an opportunity for us in our strategic plan to very clearly articulate what markets and some markets we are going to care about, right, we are going to double down in. And those will be our faster-growth markets, as you can imagine. We are working through that and I would expect to pick those by the end of 2024. Once we do that, that begins the shift of resources, commercially, R&D, M&A when we get to that point. And that begins to drive traction and focus in those areas. That just takes time, but maybe I can double-click on the revenue growth accelerators. I referenced that there were really four of those. And it just – again, there is no secret sauce here. If you have ever run a business and you turn one around, you drove revenue acceleration, these are the things you have to do. It’s just a question of doing them and how much time they take. And so I will just kind of start with the first as I referenced, getting great people in place that know how to drive rigor in a commercial organization is paramount, and it’s the fastest way to drive revenue growth. Second fastest way is commercial structure changes, either specialization or just increasing reach in those important spaces that we are going to concentrate on. Third, as you would expect, would be increasing the productivity of R&D. We have to do less of these iterative approaches in R&D and more impactful, more meaningful launches inside of the high-growth areas. And then probably in parallel with that would be portfolio optimization. And I look at that in two ways. The first would be tuck-in acquisitions to give more scale in those fast-growth markets. And the other would be potentially exiting categories that are slow growth, right, those are the ways that you would get there. If I just think about the timing of those things, kind of going to your question, again, on the talent side, it’s right now. In the back half of ‘24 into ‘25, we should expect to see that benefit. Commercial structure changes just take a little longer because you got to know where you are going to do them, and then you got to actually hire people and change the structure. That’s more probably the latter part of ‘25. If I think about R&D productivity, once you start a project, probably best case when you start one is 2026, but likely beyond that, just depending on the product complexity, the regulatory requirements. And then portfolio optimization, really, at least on the acquisition side, depends on just deleveraging timing. And so when I think about the LRP, why these are important is because we are figuring out now the mix of these elements that we are going to need to accelerate growth where the major gaps are. And as we work through that mix, that will inform, not just our LRP, but the time to accelerate the revenue growth. So, hopefully, that gives a little more color versus what I have said in the past, but those are the elements to get us there.
David Roman: That’s great. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vik Chopra from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Vik Chopra: Hey. Just hopping back in queue for a couple of quick follow-ups. That $22 million of corporate and unallocated revenues, do you expect those to continue going forward? Should we be building those into our revenue projections?
Bryan Hanson: Yes, I am glad you asked that one, Vik. An approximate number to the $22 million for the rest of the year, yes. So, in other words, that’s a good estimate for the next couple of quarters this year.
Vik Chopra: Okay. So, build out $22 million roughly for Q3 and Q4. Got it. And then I don’t think I heard an updated FX assumption for the year. Can you help us out with that? Thank you.
Bryan Hanson: Oh, FX. So, we are – we just use the current FX rates at this point for the following – Kevin, do you actually have that?
Kevin Moran: Yes. So, right now, the last assumption we provided from a revenue perspective is 50 basis points of impact. We did not update that. So, it’s safe to assume that, that’s still our best guess.
Bryan Hanson: And the way we do that, Vik, is we just take the current rates approximately right now and apply that. So, we are expecting 50 basis points for the full year.
Vik Chopra: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Roman from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
David Roman: Thank you. Appreciate you are taking the additional questions here. Just maybe a few clarification items, maybe, Wayde, starting with the tax rate. I know you talked about some catch-up items that had occurred in the quarter. But I think as you look at the year-to-date tax rate and the updated guidance, it kind of puts the tax rate in that 20% to 21% range in the back half of the year. I guess is that a fair characterization of where that should land? And then secondly, you did make a passing reference to restructuring. Are you already at a point where you are ready to start rationalizing down costs? And is that – how is that impacting your outlook here?
Wayde McMillan: Sure. I will pick up on tax rate and then, Bryan, if you want to talk about some of our strategies, so that’s probably the right way to take it.
Bryan Hanson: Yes.
Wayde McMillan: So, for tax rate, you have got it. Basically, we have had better than expected tax rate for the first half of the year. We had a pretty sizable year-to-date catch-up here in our first quarter post separation. And the second half is similar to what we expected for the full year when we gave our full year expectations. And this is one of the areas that has to settle out a little bit as we separate and our tax team is hard at work at it. So, that’s what we are comfortable with for a guide at this point. And then from a restructuring standpoint, Bryan?
Bryan Hanson: Yes. Great question, David. Glad you asked it. The – so what I would tell you is our work is – we do feel like we are in the right position to start this project. And I think it might be – it might surprise you, actually, the primary reason for it. So, there is really two in my mind, but the one that comes to me is the most important is the restructuring is focused. We are calling it, again, Solventum Way. It’s focused on streamlining our structure so that we can complement the cultural shift that we are putting into place. We are going to change the culture of this company. We are going to look for speed. We are going to move faster. We are going to be autonomous. And we are going to drive accountability in the organization. You have to have the right structure to drive that culture shift. And I promise you, when we do it and we are doing it today, it will turn into growth. That drives growth in an organization. And as we know, growth drives the leverage in an organization in a really sustainable way. The second part of a program like that is what you would normally do in the business and Wayde and I have done it in the past, it’s to allow us the headroom to not only invest for growth, which we have to do, that’s a primary area of focus, but also drive margin expansion. So, we absolutely feel like that’s the right thing to do now for those reasons.
Wayde McMillan: Bryan, I think you covered that really well. I will just add, I think part of the question was around timing and just maybe to reflect back on the Investor Day in March, where we laid out our four key actions for value creation and we talked about driving efficiencies to fuel the investment that Bryan just covered, and so no change in strategy, just sharing more about our efforts as we go here. Revenue growth remains the top metric for sure. But as Bryan said, driving efficiencies will help us first fund additional growth initiatives as well as we look to expand gross margins over time.
David Roman: Alright. Got it. Thanks for the clarification.
Kevin Moran: Okay. It looks like there are no further questions. So, I will close it by just saying thank you so much for joining us on our first public call, and we look forward to engaging with many of you over the coming months. Thanks and have a great day.
Bryan Hanson: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you everyone for attending today’s conference call. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.
